But would it be a fair statement to say in the normal experience that newspaper reporters might spend five, ten, or fifteen minutes interviewing a person and then only put one line of that interview in an article?
While Harvard may cost a fair deal more than a local community college, the Harvard grad leaves with an education that almost guarantees him or her a job that will equip him or her to both pay off the loan and pay more in taxes.
Even if the judge tries his best to be fair and unbiased, he can never be sure of his own motives.
It is significant to note that even at the possible cost of the presidency, the right to fair hearing and enabling unconcealed information to the citizenry [ sic ] have been remarkably upheld in this case.
Only some of them receive help from the Civil Court's Self-Representation Office, which Dean Glen termed a "valiant attempt" at fair resolution.
And attending a state fair.
Our community-based study showed that PSA testing had fair discriminating power for detecting prostate cancer with an area under the ROC curve of 0.67.
fair value of facilities and equipment donated to the government; and
Vila Franca de Xira: October Fair: ancient fair that includes bull running, fair, and bullfights (first two weeks).
She's fair to both sides.
Since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years' worth of support, it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to remain childless.
To be fair, I want to pass on to you a complaint that I do find valid, so you can better judge the situation.
(To be fair, the Times piece does mention other forces, but I still find it an unambitious mishmash.)
Of course, Shlaes could honestly argue what she really believes: Making the rich pay higher tax rates than the poor is just not fair, dammit.
The Turkish Daily News quoted British Prime Minister Tony Blair as bizarrely describing the EU communiqué on Turkey as "[a] way for Europe not to turn its back, but its face to Turkey," and an unnamed EU spokeswoman as saying, even more bizarrely: "If this was a fair world, Turks would have been rejoicing in Ankara."
Within a day’s walk are a lake and streams with good fishing, especially for trout, and you’ll have a fair chance of spotting some of the park’s wildlife, too — bobcats, coyotes, golden eagles, black bear, spotted skunk, and cougar.
Most of us already speak a fair amount of Yiddish (Yinglish) without fully realizing it.
You’ll find a full range of sports offered: from tennis, windsurfing, and waterskiing to snorkeling and diving — however it is fair to say that the underwater world so close to the capital can be disappointing.
(To be fair, though, I did believe it when McConaughey's callow, mushy character is later hired by the Clinton White House as a spiritual adviser.)
But this presented a new testing challenge, namely that anything in the street in New York City is fair game.
It's a fair cop: I think all taxpayers should pay the same rate of tax.
To give this dialogue the semblance of a fair fight, allow me to delineate at least some things that I think Rosen and his allies get right.
High praise is tidy middling and middling is very fair!
The amount of intake varies from state to state--California and New York get about $25 billion each, while smaller states get just $1 billion--although exact amounts are not fully determined because the federal government, as a major contributor to states' Medicaid services, is wrangling for its fair share of the dividend.
A number of hangar-type halls used during the year by commercial exhibitors at fairs line a central pedestrian avenue leading upwards to the vast Palau Nacional, the fair’s Spanish pavilion.
Most of the 130-odd sources are, quite naturally, UK in origin and persuasion, with a fair sprinkling of US periodicals; others looked at include Australia, Canada, Malaysia, Turkey, Hong Kong, and France (for The International Herald Tribune ). Ayto writes well, and his Introduction (actually, to get fussy about it, Foreword or Preface) sets forth clearly the aims and purposes of this collection of neologisms.
Annually, the Federal Government provides funding to state and local governments for the purchase, the construction, or the major renovation of physical property owned by state and local governments; additionally, from time to time, the Federal Government transfers PP&E to these governments in exchange for less than fair value.
But they are especially concerned with developing uniform, consistent, and fair tax treatment by state and local authorities.
If the tribals captured Bin Ladin, the officer assured them that he would receive a fair trial under U.S. law and be treated humanely.
The sizes of statistical fluctuations familiar from statistical physics scale as the square root of the number of particles, N. Consider tossing a fair coin 10,000 times.
Rather, it constitutes what publishers call a “package,” that is, it contains a fair amount of lexicographic material but little or nothing that is original.
If a writer is, by definition, one who writes a fair amount and does so professionally (for which read “gets paid for it”), I suppose I can call myself a writer.
Shortly after this, North used the terms revenue producers and deserving of fair just reasonable compensation . These phrases are two more synonyms for profit that alter our perception a little.
(1) the establishment and maintenance of a fair and equitable schedule;
The 2 pain studies are of fair to poor quality.
She accepts that all these versions of Woolf are more or less fair.
To be fair, M&S also criticize identifications (mainly from news stories) of women as “mother of five” and other gratuitous characterizations that are not only irrelevant to the item's newsworthiness but are rarely offered about men.
It stated that ranking 31st in federal funds per pupil meant that somehow California was not getting its "fair share."
Which was only fair, because he seemed to be salivating less over America's new golden girls than over his giant tub of fried something or other--popcorn?
Many CEOs decide on what they perceive to be a fair level of pay, add $10 million to give themselves some maneuvering room, and then present their outsized demands to a board of directors that they hand-picked.
The major festivals discussed below are joined by the Film Festival, the Jazz and Blues Festival, and the Book Festival (said to be the biggest public book fair in the world).
Trying to be fair, I cooked up a test or two.
The Scots have traditionally hosted “the best New Year celebrations in the world,” and Edinburgh has expanded the one night into a five-night Hogmanay Festival of torchlight parades, street theater, and food fair in the days before 31 December (website: <www.edinburghshogmanay.org>).
Yet, the very effort to secure this fair representation of all voting groups threatens both the sense of common nationhood in the United States and calls into question the integrity of individual decision making in democratic elections.
Well actually, to be fair, it was made by Matt Drudge, in his May 20th Report.
This is not fair to womankind.
Stewardship information will be necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and results of operations.
Having now defined the dimensionality of the adjacent possible and noted that the biosphere and universe as a whole is vastly nonergodic, hence, kinetically trapped in a small region of its total space of possibilities, it is fair to wonder whether general laws may govern this nonergodic flow.
That makes government spending a fair target for your indignation.
3) Chelsea is fair game because she's an adult and a public figure.
These films have been derided as "teensploitation," but I don't think the description is fair.
In that respect, some participants felt that FASB is marching toward a "fair value" path and cautioned that the fair value reporting model is not always good and needs to be used only where it really makes sense.
The area under the ROC curve was 0.67, indicating fair discriminating power for detecting prostate cancer.
A benefit of Tennessee's fair housing efforts (noted earlier) is that LSC-funded programs in Mississippi, in collaboration with West Tennessee Legal Services, will receive a three-year HUD grant of $350,000 to develop and administer a fair housing initiative in Mississippi.
I did catch the debate last night, as well as a fair amount of post-game analysis.
To effectively support the Congress, GAO must be professional, objective, fact-based, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair, and balanced in all its work.
To be fair, you can make a better case on behalf of the New Paradigm than on behalf of the hapless Glassman.
--The cost of property, plant, and equipment (PP&E) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the PP&E surrendered at the time of exchange.
To be fair, this last neurosis extends beyond McPhee.
So, to give the theory a fair chance, we have to look for more significant differences between men's and women's clothing.
The tax is based on property's "fair market value ," which is a malleable concept and notoriously underestimated by professional estate appraisers.
In fact, as we shall see, natural languages contain a fair amount of redundancy.
‘The great advantage over advertising is that the airtime is practically free, and there is no fair balance to worry about’ she writes [2].
Guided by the belief that access to quality legal services is critical to a fair adversarial justice system and committed to making significant improvements in their delivery, the LSC Board of Directors approved and enacted Strategic Directions 2000-2005 in January 2000.
And this year was the first time they ever got to go to the county fair."
The Plaça Sant Josep Oriol has a weekend art fair with artists selling watercolors and oil paintings.
Well, in this brave new world, if you have a screen name, you're fair game."
We will use any means necessary to achieve this end, including competition, both fair and unfair, wholesale buying up of potential rivals, strategic partnerships and alliances, strategic betrayals of partners and allies, theft, bribery, murder, and, if necessary, putting out a high-quality product.
Bush outlined his "core, conservative principles"--"limited government," "low taxes," "free and fair trade," "local control of schools," "strong families," and "personal responsibility."
Do know, however, that your situation is not unusual--hence the name of a best seller: Prozac Nation . Prudie would even give you odds that of those you pursue, a fair number will be chemically balanced themselves.
The difference between the cost of the PP&E acquired and its fair value is recognized as a loss.
"Here's what strikes Miss Manners as a fair division of labor," she writes on her favorite subject, child rearing: "She will nag adults to teach manners to children, and everyone else will find them the time in which to do this."
So that it would be a fair statement that even though what you were reading in the newspapers got you upset, that you never personally attended one of the board meetings in that year?
A few hundred boisterous Texans--mostly men, middle-aged or above, with a fair number of angry young rednecks and dotty old women--filled the cramped banquet room of a run-down motor lodge in "downtown" Kilgore.
As for your particular question about Ally McBeal skirts and ladies minus underwear, Prudie feels these people do not purchase their clothes in the dark, so whatever is able to be seen is fair game for whatever response feels natural.
And our ideas of what constitutes a fair wage or a fair return on capital are historically contingent.
An editorial in the Pioneer of India said that "the polling, it is true, has not in all cases been as peaceful or free and fair as it should be in an ideal situation, but then nobody has ever suggested that Indian politics today even remotely approximated the ideal."
A drawback of this simple definition of 'healthy' is that it does not distinguish between fair or poor health and death, since all are considered 'not healthy'.
This would create the appearance of media fair play without doing either of our favorites much damage.
Critics protested that 1) the heroin look faded from fashion magazines months ago; 2) heroin use is far less common than Clinton suggested; and 3) it's not fair to blame drug abuse on advertisers.
Since acquisitions almost universally occur at a price above the current market price, and since bidding wars (of all kinds) tend to drive prices far above fair value, investors have jumped into the drug stocks, assuming that merger-mania has to be good for them.
5 - 82), and fair for those looking at pain (45.
One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair, complete, and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others, as may be appropriate.
The life of purity, the supreme fair, Ere he arrive his weary', noontide prick.
"Nothing about this process has been fair.
There are also a fair share of gleeful gambling regulators, bookmakers, and casino employees among the panels of expert witnesses the commission hears from.
I suppose it's only fair that girls win equal rights to good old, solipsistic Desire No.
If the fair value of the PP&E acquired is less than the fair value of the PP&E surrendered, the PP&E acquired is recognized at its cost and subsequently reduced to its fair value.
In doing so, we may be eliminating any predictable connection between creators and a fair reward for the utility or pleasure others may find in their works."
If Oprah Winfrey were a top government official--and a fair bit of America probably wishes she were--she would be Alan Greenspan.
The breach of equal treatment need not be feared, and information on the distribution of potential voting blocks serves the cause of securing fair representation of all major groups in American society.
If the fair value of the PP&E acquired is more readily determinable than that of the PP&E surrendered, the cost is the fair value of the PP&E acquired.
You can survey the variety of goods available in Beijing (from crafts and souvenirs to jewelry and carpets) and determine their fair market prices by visiting the city’s most comprehensive department store for tourists, the Friendship Store, located well east of the Forbidden City (at 17 Jianguomenwai Dajie).
Microsoft does engage in some anti-competitive practices, such as not allowing resellers to disclose contract terms, and the Department of Justice is doing a fair job of policing such activity.
Would the grits be ducks, or are they fair game for News Quiz scorn?
Participants acknowledged that accounting standards have changed to capture fair value in addition to historical value, resulting in a model that is now a mixture of the two, whereas the original financial statement model was based solely on historical costs.
The Leland Act amendments: (1) simplify the household definition; (2) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center; (3) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water; (4) increase the fair market value exclusion of vehicles for determining a household's resource limit; (5) exclude certain General Assistance vendor payments; (6) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents; (7) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction; (8) eliminate the current
My focus is to be fair to all sides.
In conjunction with the agency's mission and core values, GAO must, among other things, be professional, objective, factbased, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair, and balanced in all of its audit, investigation, and evaluation work.
But even in those cases where magazines speak openly for the owner's point of view, it's not fair to assume that a third party with whom the owner sympathizes calls the shots.
I don't think that that's a fair area of inquiry to get into.
Well, I think it's a fair characterization that there was discussion about the policy.
Urban is genuinely concerned that the disabled community is not getting a fair share, and he goes out of his way to help disabled people.
Many of the country houses also hold special events, such as antiques or crafts fairs or “fun days” with fair rides, throughout the summer months.
They state that policy decisions for the fair distribution of ARVs should be based upon the following ethical principles: (i) the principle that like cases should be treated alike, (ii) the utilitarian principles of maximizing overall societal benefits, (iii) the egalitarian principles of equity (distributing resources, such as health care, equally among different groups), and (iv) the Maximin principle (which prioritizes individuals that are the least advantaged) [24].
Scrapie is a wonderful example of systematic surveillance but, to be fair to the decision-makers and technical people involved with CWD, surveillance on wildlife species is very difficult.”
She emphasized "how important it is for them to feel that they're being listened to, that they have an opportunity to say what they need to say - for them not only to get a fair trial but to believe that the system is being fair to them."
November: Burgundy (Beaune, Nuits-Saint-Georges, Meursault, and Chablis), wine festivals; Dijon, gastronomy fair; Cannes, dance
This is also a good time for me to reiterate that the Columbia Journalism Review was, is, and always will be independent, tough-minded, fair, and impartial in all its judgments.
If the fair value of the PP&E acquired is less than the fair value of the PP&E surrendered, the PP&E acquired is recognized at its cost and subsequently reduced to its fair value.
"I sympathize with those who say that that's not really a fair test.
That makes getting fair market value for the commercial space a must.
(Even a fair number of Americans and Russians are now visiting.)
The courts can be as fuzzy about what constitutes fair use as they are about what constitutes substantial similarity.
The agency takes credit for "abolition of debtors' prison, the right to due process and a fair hearing, the first successful employment-discrimination lawsuits, improved housing codes and accessibility for people with disabilities."
To be fair, it is possible to argue with logical consistency that Broadway is simultaneously booming and busting.
In no more than 15 to 20 minutes, fair skin can be painfully broiled, even in the shade of a coconut tree.
The piece also explicitly points out the irony in Microsoft's argument that AOL "is using its exclusive technology to prevent fair competition based on open standards," which is "exactly the complaint from Netscape that prompted ...
The investigators reasoned that recurrent ischemic events in this population were likely to result from restenosis or bypass graft closure and that statins would be less likely to affect these processes [ 8 ] . Nevertheless, a number of trials have established the benefits of statin therapy early after coronary revascularization [ 9 10 11 ] . Furthermore, a number of recent trials have suggested that higher risk patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndromes fair better when an early invasive strategy is applied [ 12 13 14 ] and it is not uncommon for patients to be treated in this fashion.
As its name suggests, it is blessed with more than its fair share of sunshine.
We're only one season into The Sopranos , so it's a bit too early to say if this particular manifestation of mob art is influencing mob life, but I think it's fair to say that no one in actual organized crime would ever want to be hooked up with Tony Soprano's crew.
I share the general disdain for lengthy tit-for-tat replies, but when facts are at issue, it's only fair to give a guy a chance to set the record straight.
I'm also not sure it's fair to lay all of the Northwest's sins at the feet of Microsoft, Amazon.com, and Starbucks.
The present tax system is pretty fair, and is certainly more democratic than a flat tax.
"Just once I'd like to see the union say, 'We lost fair and square, and now it's over,' " says Dick Reece, the company's point man on labor relations.
The Bradley squad, led by the former All-American from Princeton, hasn't quite caught up, and the captain is complaining that opponent Gore isn't playing fair.
Yet the banner inside General Electric's aero-engine servicing department in South Wales--'_____________'--is a fair approximation of what GE has been up to in Nantgarw since it bought the business from British Airways in 1991."
I think it's partly because people feel these soldiers haven't got a fair shake from historians, the media, etc.
But the more interesting aspect of Rudy Giuliani's latest attempt to bring order to our fair city was the way it showcased how little parking there is in New York.
DiGenova says he is at a loss to explain, since he and his wife have been "very fair" to the president in their scores of recent appearances on programs including Rivera Live and Crossfire . TV bookers love diGenova because he is a former prosecutor who goes for the sound bite, and also because he is a former independent counsel himself.
Though I have some disagreements with Judith Shulevitz in the Aug. 5 "Culturebox," and though I believe she has been less than fair in several of her comments about my work, I am nevertheless indebted to her for taking up some of the questions I raised about Holocaust scholarship in the June issue of Commentary .
They appraise poor films as good and fair films as great.
Squabbles between the IRS and estates over fair market value are routine and often protracted.
But there is a difference between learning about them and trying to gain fluency in them: I think I know a fair amount about many languages in which I have no speaking or writing ability; however rewarding fluency in them might be for aesthetic reasons (to read their literature, for example), one has just so much time.
To be fair, Wright is talking about sleeping with a newborn infant, before the age when weaning would naturally become an issue.
Western countries have urged China to conduct fair, competitive elections next year.
Arguments that Jews are a race of nefarious devils are still being published in the Middle East, and have been exhibited at Cairo's book fair.
Needless to say, she has spent a fair amount of time trying to convert me.
This definitely isn't "fair use."
McCain's flawed plan, like Bush's even more flawed plan, wouldn't give vouchers a fair test, because it doesn't fund the voucher at anywhere near the cost of most private schools.
The pedagogical pretensions of encyclopedic dictionaries must be taken with a grain of salt, though their skewing may be a fair reflection of the limited knowledge that speech communities have of the worthies of whom other speech communities boast.
Even when I started working in London I had to accept a fair number of Mista Forps in the course of an average day.
Fox News Sunday 's recent efforts to uplift the debate with expert round tables that aren't pegged to the news (race in America last week and "the media--is it fair?"
The only justification for the present system is that intelligence is useful in any task, and that the only fair and systematic way we have of determining intelligence is by way of a uniform test, poor as that may be.
I've taken a fair number of hits for being one of the people who signed on to represent the tobacco industry when they started their negotiations with the state attorneys general and the health groups back in 1997.
That isn't fair."
Even though Senate Republicans acceded to a Democratic provision that will prevent banks with unsatisfactory lending records from moving into other financial services, advocates for disadvantaged borrowers argue that the agreement fails to strengthen fair lending laws.
I don't really think it's fair to characterize this shift as a "marketing problem."
To my knowledge, Friedman's proposal has never struck anyone as fair, but at least it gets the incentives right.
To be fair, the profile subject says of himself, "I'm not a success story yet, but I recognize the issues."
The justices who disagree with Rehnquist politically love him as a colleague: He's fair, agreeable, and fast.
As I say, it would have been only fair to mention it.
And in his 1908 manual Scouting for Boys , which has a fair claim as one of the most influential books of the 20 th century, he focuses keenly on lust (though he does not mention homosexuality outright).
The company has undergone close scrutiny, has performed a battery of tests to show that it's being fair to its competitors, and has lost enough customers--though still a tiny fraction of the overall number--to its competitors to suggest that it doesn't have a complete monopoly.
Christmas was 25 days away when a fair number of my neighbors had already placed lights around their homes and fully decorated their trees.
And although there's a fair amount of discussion about who's selling, there's comparatively little about who's buying--why?
Capital-gains taxes, to be fair, must be indexed for inflation, otherwise many long-term investors must pay tax on gains that are more than offset by inflation.
Walking around the state fair, he hurls himself at voters.
All Cabinet-level appointees are now fair game for a confirmation challenge.
If Bill Gates is the distant father figure of the New Seattle, fellow Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen is the beloved Mom, representing the Old Seattle virtues of fair play and civic generosity.
The Post welfare piece includes this statement made yesterday by President Clinton: "But a year later, I think it's fair to say the debate is over.
He told the paper, "[I]f the election is full of intimidation and it is not fair and there is retribution after the election, then I think we will have to re-evaluate our assistance to Indonesia in a very negative way."
It would be fair to say that like Alyssa, the central character in Chasing Amy , I have until now led an experimental life.
Editorialists think this is a fair deal.
Nonetheless, I think Newsweek should have included this important quote if it had wanted to be fair.
Richard Ferris kissed the right hand of Hillary Clinton, who was not an official exhibit at the fair but was, rather, a visitor, in the sense that someone working the crowd for money and votes is visiting.
In response, Nigeria's military leader appealed for calm, and has promised that two U.S. doctors will be brought in to perform a fair autopsy for Abiola.
. It's called "fair use," and is comparable to the quotation of a short passage of a book in a review.
The March issue of Essence magazine invites readers to visit a "community activist" Web site about Social Security and become involved "to ensure that we get our fair share."
And we took that to be a fair point.
But later Ellis concedes, "You know, to be honestly fair with you, I do not know what our Web site looks like."
Yet, it is fair to ask whether the diversion of public funds from public schools weakens and further threatens what was once a powerful institution of upward mobility for the poor and immigrants.
' But after reading the other complaints you've received about U-Haul, I think it's fair to say that I've got the topper--U-Haul almost killed me."
The initials, always pronounced as one Italian word “ay-OOR”), stand for Esposizione Universale di Roma , a world's fair that was to have been held in 1942 but yielded instead to World War II.
Here Chatterbox goes the extra mile to be fair, and look what happens!
Add to that the press's non-ideological, but still unattractive, contempt for likely losers, and you get an atmosphere in which the House GOPs are fair game for cheap shots.
The LAT lead reports that in response to Starr's admission in a Content magazine interview that he spoke privately to reporters about potential witnesses in Clinton-related inquiries, the White House took to the Sunday airwaves to charge that such actions were illegal and that fair inquiry into Clinton will be completely in question until they are investigated.
Well, ideally every state's per pupil amount should be the same, and failing that, one should expect fair per pupil spending to follow something like a bell-curve distribution, with most of the states over time clustering around the middle of the pack.
A verb/noun entry: to tough out a storm, that is, to weather weather . More doubles, minus definitions, are: cozy cozy, March march, short short, fair fair , and so on.
For example, the American press can manage to generate a fair amount of resentment over members of Congress accepting campaign contributions from corporations--though not enough resentment, apparently, to reform the system.
These laws, which allowed Paula Jones' lawyers to investigate Clinton's sexual history, were never fair.
"Rather than turn our cities into slaughterhouses," the paper said, the authorities should set up "ad hoc organizations to collect money, butcher the rams in appropriate places, preserve the meat in a hygienic manner, and distribute it in a fair way among all those who actually need it."
Whereas it is easy to explain this by referring to the cultural importance of food in African societies, the same reasoning can hardly be applied to the case of English, which has its own fair share of food images.
If you believe that Reagan's 1981 tax cut was responsible for all those growth years--that otherwise we would have wallowed in stagnation for seven years--Abraham's choice may be fair enough.
"Today's Papers" says, fair enough, O.J., provided you disclose the private information from your files that you have thus far suppressed.
He's quoted in two different WP front-pagers and by the LAT . Although to be fair, if he weren't quoted there would hardly be any doubts raised in the dailies at all about the wonderful wonderfullitude of it all.
You can't point to a bright-line rule to make the decision; rather, the judge is asked to weigh the equities and say, "This or that doesn't seem fair to me, and so I order you to do differently."
To suggest that he made a mistake by not entering a game several years ago is fair.
That is a fair and important set of questions to ask, but again, it is not one that is unique to cyberspace.
In other words, if you think that markets are even relatively good at determining a fair price for assets, then KKR can't hurt its companies' long-term prospects without hurting itself.
And because it will take any normal human being at least that long to read the galleys (773 pages), let alone reflect upon their contents, it's a fair bet that anyone who reviews the novel has 1) merely skimmed it, meaning his impressions are superficial; 2) actually read every page, but only by foregoing food and rest, meaning his impressions are warped by stress; or 3) not read the book at all, meaning his impressions are just as worthy as those of the thousands of other literate folk who will buy Pynchon's novel on reputation, read the jacket copy, put it down, and pronounce it either another masterpiece or a disappointing falling off, though somewhat better than Vineland , his previous book.
Well, if smoking can reduce breast cancer, it's only fair that, according to the NYT front, catalytic converters have been found by the EPA to be a significant cause of global warming.
Most of us already speak a fair amount of Yiddish (Yinglish) without fully realizing it.
Democracy relatively weak: free and fair elections; state-controlled media.)
This looks artificial when you're dealing with a fact witness, but these are fact witnesses who are also reporters, and I am straining to try to find a fair way to do this.
At its core, statistical mechanics relies on the same kind of statistical argument as does the flipping of a fair coin , times.
How long is a fair amount of time to date someone before getting engaged?
The structure was erected for a trade fair in 1882 and taken over by the bomba or firemen’s organization.
The west coast of the Algarve is wilder, colder, windier, and considerably emptier, even though it has its fair share of wonderful beaches.
Today, at Stampede Park, it does indeed stage agricultural and garden exhibitions, displays of Indian crafts and dancing, and all the sideshows of a country fair.
The day the Nobel was announced, Saramago was at the Frankfurt book fair to deliver a speech on what it means to be a Communist writer today.
The financial reporting model uses a mixture of historical costs and fair value to present a company's transactions.
Barak's spin: We reached a fair compromise.
As in any ancient country, India’s modernizing plunge into the 20th century has produced its fair share of trinkets and tinsel, but its traditional craftwork continues at the highest level: silks, carpets, jewelry, perfumes, brassware, and wood-carving are first class, and you will have the added bonus of dealing with the most charming bunch of merchants in the world.
And it is not fair to criticize Janet Maslin for praising Lethal Weapon 4 while suppressing the information that I, for example, disliked it, because that would not help his case--just as the information that Maslin disliked many of the other films he mentions would also not serve his thesis.
If fair value is not estimable, information related to the type and quantity of assets received shall be disclosed in the year received.
August: Annecy, fireworks by the lake; Chartres, organ recitals in cathedral, Assumption Day procession and Mass; Aix-en-Provence, jazz; Colmar, wine fair; Le Touquet, chamber music
Perhaps as a sop to female viewers, the cast includes a fair helping of Gillette jaws and cute butts.
Everyone has a stake in making our justice system accessible and fair."
The stunning news was delivered by Apple co-founder Steve Jobs at an Apple trade fair in Boston, while Bill Gates looked on and commented approvingly via a giant TV screen.
Buskers turn it into something of a genteel English country fair on the weekend.
"Most of them have never had a fair shake from the outside world," said Mark Wilk, director of the Oregon Law Center's Woodburn office. "
It is a fair inference, given the differing situations in New York City and Northern Virginia, that the problems in command, control, and communications that occurred at both sites will likely recur in any emergency of similar scale.
The report should be fair and not misleading, and should place the audit results in perspective.
Poorer health was also more likely to be reported by the working class twin; among the 51 monozygotic pairs discordant on class, the proportion of pairs in which the WC twin reported fair or poor health while her NWC twin reported excellent or good health (17.
Andersen may have been the auditor for more than its fair share of the entities associated with the most recent accountability failures, but it was not the auditor for all of them.
And democratic governments throughout the world have recognized that government funding for lawyers is as critical to a fair legal system as are judges, courts and laws.
Heritage assets shall be reported in terms of physical units rather than cost, fair value, or other monetary values.
I just got back from a job fair in Washington where I identified about two dozen very qualified young attorneys."
3%, i.e., pairs in which the WC twin reported good or excellent health and the NWC twin reported fair or poor health).
--The cost of property, plant, and equipment (PP&E) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the PP&E surrendered at the time of exchange.
To effectively support the Congress, GAO must be professional, objective, fact-based, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair, and balanced in all its work.
I think it's fair to say we'll be heavily discounted.
In keeping with GAO's values of being fair and balanced in its work with all agencies, GAO has articulated its criteria for determining the amount of time available for agency comments on GAO's products.
I support the cornerstone concept of these laws, known as fair information practices.
At the same time, they agreed that it is fair to expect auditors to provide "reasonable assurance" of detecting any material fraud.
EVGFP Is your health excellent, very good, good, fair or poor?
Stewardship land shall be reported in terms of physical units rather than cost, fair value, or other monetary values.
In addition to the transfers shown above in the "Community and Regional Development" category, the fair value of land and facilities associated with former military installations that were transferred to local governments approximated $40 million in 199Y and $52 million in 199Z.
A fair objection to this statement is that the laws of probability operate on large numbers, and selecting fewer than 30 instances does not always provide the generalizability to the population as a whole that probability samples promise.
"I can't think of a single client that hasn't had a fair hearing in front of her," Deputy Public Defender Noel Leon said. "
To be admitted to practice law, every attorney must take a professional oath to promote justice -- and every state's ethical rules include language indicating lawyers' responsibility to be guardians of fair play for those living in poverty.
Therefore, stewardship land is reported in terms of physical units rather than cost, fair value, or other monetary values.
In 1999, 90% of students and 91% of faculty agreed that the OSCE represented an appropriate and fair evaluation method, and that enough time was given to complete the stations.
The standards have been revised to require a description of the property transfer transaction; if the fair value is known, nothing would preclude reporting it.
In fact, it is fair to hypothesize that several diseases thought to be of "idiopathic" origin may be triggered by chronic infections with CMV and other infectious agents in the genetically susceptible host.
Fairness and diversity: Senior executives can foster fairness and diversity by protecting the rights of all employees, providing a fair dispute resolution system, and working to prevent discrimination through equality of
If neither fair value is determinable, the cost of the PP&E acquired is the cost recorded for the PP&E surrendered net of any accumulated depreciation or amortization.
The fair value of the property, if known and material, shall be disclosed in notes to the financial statements.
In petitioners' view, the restriction operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack; rather, it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws.
§ 403(c), and the preservation of fair contributions to the Postal Service's institutional costs by mail volumes.
It provides assurance that we have not prematurely overlooked important factors, that we have not been swayed by information from limited or perhaps biased sources, and that we have taken context into account, thus giving a fair and balanced picture of the situation.
6 Finally, there is the notion that it is fair to provide nondiscriminatory downstream access to the delivery network.
Readers knew there was going to be a fair measure of boasting and self-serving in that section.
You're right, we began somber and became silly, which is a fair representation of my breakfast table--I'm thinking of the morning trajectory from stumbling glumly downstairs to fighting over the comics, except that around my table the only audible dialogue is generally, "You done with those yet?"
On the whole, despite the preliminary screening that callers are subjected to, mainly in order to eliminate cranks, drunks, and undesirables, those who do get through rarely have anything of moment to contribute, the presenters are notably unsympathetic in eliciting a fair exposure of their comments, and the listener is (too) often left with the feeling that the presenter has been too dismissive.
Maybe, Chatterbox thought, the only fair comparison was for the years 1985 through 1992, when Gore and Bradley served together in the Senate: same chamber, same votes, no room for apples-and-oranges mismatches.
It's fair enough to use such a tax to pay for a social insurance program that provides coverage in rough proportion to contributions.
Civil rights would always be a cause that moved by symbolic advances, and the fact is that Eleanor took down more than her fair share of bricks from the edifice of respectable racism.
The LAT 's top story is that the leader of the recent coup in Cambodia, Hun Sen, "promises free and fair elections and urges human rights organizations and the media to continue their work."
"The Yankee Clipper, Joe DiMaggio, because of his grace under pressure and his unimpeachable sense of fair pl--What?
To be fair, the public does seem to have wised up a lot.
But when it comes to dictionaries, editors appear to consider them fair game for almost anyone, and they often assign novelists to write the review.
And our ideas of what constitutes a fair wage or a fair return on capital are historically contingent.
ArtNet is the brainchild of Hans Neuendorf, a German dealer who started the first international art fair, in Cologne in 1967--the first actual art market.
It also, to be fair, means that Eastwood can go where the Sylvester Stallones and Arnold Schwarzeneggers and Steven Seagals daren't.
Anything quaint found in New England is fair game, regardless of where else it may occur.
Nevertheless, we want to get things right and be as fair as possible.
Bradley, he is, you know, the type of individual who has always been fair."
I like the theory that parents believe there is something intrinsically fair about giving equal amounts to everyone.
Such occasional overreaching aside, Applebome's is a shrewd, fair, and entertaining guide to the region.
They excuse the enemy regime's aggression and insist that it can be trusted to negotiate and honor a fair resolution.
Also, the doctrine of "fair use" allows writers to quote limited sections of a work, as long as it is germane, properly attributed, and doesn't undercut sales of the original.
I just say that if every black character must be passed through a prism of political correctness, that is not fair to the character, the actor, or the author.
That always seemed fair to me, and I wouldn't expect more of others.
I am an attractive single woman, and he has spent a fair amount of time getting to know me and taking me to nice dinners, dancing, etc.
In Thomas D'Urfey's song “Great Lord Frog to Lady Mouse” appears, “Then altho my Bum be bare,/All must own 'tis smooth and fair;/I've no Scars of Venus there.”
To be fair, there was only one "did-we-pay-you-this-month?"
Serbian and Croatian minorities complain they will not get a fair shake in the Muslim-majority state.
And all the loopholes make a "nominally progressive" system much less fair than it appears, and much less fair than a one-size-fits-all system.
We have a new awareness of how limiting and unfair the cult of fair hair can be.
That is a fair description.
The Guyana Chronicle announces that the Electoral Assistance Bureau has determined December's Guyanese elections fair and valid.
Nicknaming, it seems fair to conclude, is an activity that has long delighted and entertained all Americans--white, colored, hyphenated, and just plain--and the fiercely contested clash over “Indian” nicknames appears to be largely due to overzealous activism and misdirected social reform.
Festa itself derives from festus which probably, according to etymologists, had the same root as feria fair.
In a lawsuit, you are relying on established rights that the king had laid down; the jurors used to be 12 men from the community who were "familiar" with the subject and who, when shown or told what the statute said, could make a fair decision and resolve the controversy.
But the real question Boaz begs is why the laws he thinks are necessary for society to function, including fair chunks of the U.S.
I apologize for the fact that, as with many appellate briefs, detailing the grounds for the appeal will require a fair amount of space.
To be fair (not usually my strong suit), a different roommate says he remembers Bush being open-minded and curious as to what this new freshmen class was about.
The NYT reports inside that President Clinton seized on Dole's announcement to take a shot at George W. Bush, calling him the first candidate in the history of the modern era who's given up federal funding so that he could raise an unlimited sum of money, something Clinton says he'd been urged to do in the past but did not because it "wasn't fair."
To allay Mr. Benn's concerns, I think it is not fair game to talk about all the other things that they heard and why they wrote the article the way they did and why they excluded quotes.
Is that a fair statement?
Launching 'Dubai Internet city ' coincided with the opening of the annual information fair in Dubai which is considered to be the biggest in the Middle East - Gulf Information Technology Getix.
The result can be a quality suit at a fair price — but made-to-measure clothing is not cheap.
A benefit of Tennessee's fair housing efforts (noted earlier) is that LSC-funded programs in Mississippi, in collaboration with West Tennessee Legal Services, will receive a three-year HUD grant of $350,000 to develop and administer a fair housing initiative in Mississippi.
THE GIRL SCOUT LAW I will do my best to be Honest, and fair, Friendly and helpful, Considerate and caring, Courageous and strong, and Responsible for what I say and do, and to Respect myself and others Respect authority Use resources wisely, Make the world a better place, and Be a sister to every Girl Scout.
It was Bush administration policy that democracy was spreading in Latin America and that the election was going to be fair.
The only public indication that FISA plays fair comes from federal courts.
He which hath no stomach to this fight, And hideth in the tall grass, like a damn girl, Let him depart; I'll get him a job at CNN, Where mine appalling comments about the dusky Moor And olive-skinned Levantine (and working maidens fair, And--no one's really glommed onto this yet-- My disparagement of those men of right good male fellowship, Who doth hoard original-cast albums of Broadway musicals, If ya know what I mean) serves but to raise my fees on Crossfire . Forsooth, 'tis a rich scam!
Thursday's fair and balanced assessment of Fannie Mae's James Johnson mentioned that the Fannie Mae Foundation and the Washington Post cosponsor a series of free concerts at the Kennedy Center (which Johnson also heads).
One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair, complete, and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others, as may be appropriate.
Navigation is hindered by sandbars at the mouth and rapids upriver, though small, sea-going vessels can make fair headway up the Rejang in Sarawak and up the Kinabatangan in Sabah.
However, students of a foreign language soon realize that to master it fully, it is not enough to know the grammatical structure and basic vocabulary: one must also memorize a fair number of phrases and idiomatic expressions and, as a further step, proverbs and sayings.
Of the 22% who were unhealthy (fair or poor) at baseline, about 24% were healthy 7 years later.
Beyond Jacques Cartier Bridge, La Ronde amusement park plays every imaginable ultramodern variation on the swings and roundabouts of a country fair.
To be fair to Jeeves, though, we're not sure anyone has a good answer to that question.
Because the aviation industry will derive substantial benefits from this deployment, it should pay a fair share of the costs.
One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair, complete, and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others, as may be appropriate.
e trail. Five days to a week is about the minimum to have a fair sampling of trekking life (tho
When Mansfield phoned back, he said, "You can certainly quote portions of the transcript under the fair use doctrine, and you also can certainly take still frames, make still frames, of the videotaped interview under the fair use doctrine as well."
If the fair value of the PP&E acquired is less than the fair value of the PP&E surrendered, the PP&E acquired is recognized at its cost and subsequently reduced to its fair value.
"Culturebox," we are told, "intends to make a habit of ruling on disputes" of the sort I provoked in Commentary . Shulevitz would help it acquire some welcome credibility in its rulings if she were also to make a habit of being fair.
Audits of financial statements include all services governed by the AICPA's SASs for which the auditors are engaged to provide a level of assurance on the fair presentation of financial statements in accordance with a stated criteria.
Thus, the fair Rosamond of English literature—Henry II's mistress who died in 1176—was (also said to be) poisoned to death in 1592, not in the flesh but on the page.
That's not fair, you say?
Sounds fair enough, surely?
Both the LAT and NYT go front-page with the news that an eleven-year-old girl, Emily Rosa, did research for a science fair two years ago as a fourth-grader that is being published today in the prestigious Journal of the American Medical Association.
To be fair, Clinton inherited this mess.
When Mansfield phoned back, he said, "You can certainly quote portions of the transcript under the fair use doctrine, and you also can certainly take still frames, make still frames, of the videotaped interview under the fair use doctrine as well."
How important are these essays compared to SAT scores as a college determines acceptances, and are the essays fair assessments of a students' abilities?
It seems fair to say that, in part as a result of our experience with television, we tend to shy away from making grandiose claims for new technologies anymore.
But that isn't fair either.
With sufficiently dark humor, any topic can be fair game.
Bauer said that his father was a janitor and that this wasn't fair.
As a liquor store owner, I'm not so concerned about my fair state losing out on millions of tax dollars through Internet sales.
I'm all for giving patients a fair chance to contest improper refusals of payment, but we should not lapse into calling such refusals malpractice.
The piece is scrupulously fair, airing all sides and concluding that collaboration, if that's what it was, may not be such a bad thing, especially for readers.
Even though Irish-Americans face virtually no discrimination, some have embraced a politics modeled after the campaigns of African-Americans and Native Americans demanding their fair historical due--that American institutions recognize their old hardships.
[I am not at all sure that counting a contraction ( you're ) as one word is fair.
Life isn't fair ...
quite fair.
What would a fair price for Microsoft be if the risk premium were zero?
I prefer the latter approach, though I have of ten thought it might be only fair to mark such entries with some symbol (like a death's head).
there is a crescent moon (or a set of cattle horns, symbolic of a self-deluding cow who thinks she could beat a bear in a fair fight, but I don't like her chances).
The famous writer Lusun in his prose entitled Fe Er Pe Lai Ying Gai Huan Xing used the phrase fair play ; the title translates into No Fair Play Now .
An absurdly inefficient system of protected markets and money-losing public corporations has been liberalized and privatized, producing a fair bit of unemployment but a huge surge in productivity.
It wasn't fair.
To be fair to Leibovitz, she's working under two other constraints.
Nothing in our experience since the office was institutionalized two decades ago--either abuses by individual special prosecutors (of which there have been some) or fair and honest Justice Department investigations of administration officials (of which there also have been some) undermines this basic logic.
For instance, with an eye towards the courts, employees are now encouraged, says the paper, to say "fair competition" not "slaughtering" when talking of business strategy.
Bob Livingston, a bluff Republican representative from Louisiana, had somehow become our chairman and was summing up the prevailing consensus that the election was free and fair.
To be fair, Lehit is gradually being pushed out by a foreign importation, 'Bye .
This is not trivial, because communicating White House amusement is likely to have adverse political consequences for President Clinton, and so it seems only fair to insist that the Times make it clear that it's not being spun--or spinning.
(But no, Randy, that's not fair, and you know it.
To call these views racist is fair enough in our day and age, but it hardly takes into account the liberal moderation by which Jefferson would have been judged on these issues in his own time.
To be fair, E has (until last night) required less maintenance than expected.
At the behest of a vivacious teacher, Miss Riley (Laura Dern), they're working toward entering the state science fair and competing for college scholarships, but their true goal is simpler: making those rockets go straight and long.
To be fair, the Americans admit that Asian fleece has made great strides, but the West is still best.
To be fair, there is much to be said in Maslin's defense.
Prudie thinks a fair amount of time to date someone before getting engaged would be ...
Chatterbox thinks that the few obsessives who wander onto this page, which enunciates terms of use for all Microsoft Web sites, and not just  Slate , will realize that  Slate  is out to protect its published material from being stolen or plagiarized , but, like every other publication in the world, on the Web or elsewhere, is more than happy to have its published material quoted in accordance with fair use.
And I think it is fair to say that there were countless young African-American girls and boys and boys and girls of all backgrounds who saw you on the national television screens at the very top of your profession demonstrating to one and all that there's nothing you don't know how to do in the field of medicine.
"But it's fair to say the money came from someone who identified with our values and mission."
He also said he thinks the domestic policies of Lyndon B. Johnson were all good programs that didn't get a fair shake because of the Vietnam War.
Your advice to the seemed fair and balanced.
Following is a fair sampling from the deluge, with Prudie's thoughts at the end.
Ted Bernstein's book never worked well for me, but I might not be a fair touchstone in such matters.
It is fair to say, though, that a Spaniard might equally side with the Germans and English speakers, and more generally add: ni Roma se fundó luego toda nor Rome built in one go. 
' It's not fair.
But a "senior official" undercuts the sincerity of the new U.S. position when he tells the Times , "We cannot imagine, based on our analysis, that a genuinely free and fair election would allow Milosevic to remain as president."
Bryant, dazzled by her ingenious retort, babbles helplessly, "OK, good, that's a fair answer," and stumbles to his next query.
Decent reviews for former New York Times executive editor Max Frankel's memoirs: Ward Just calls it a "a smart, tough, scrupulous book" in the New York Times Book Review ; in that fair journal's traditional negative-comment spot (the penultimate paragraph) all Just can come up with is that there's "a whiff of the puritan about Max Frankel, and perhaps also the rustle of score-settling."
To be sure, it's not entirely fair to say that the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission have been asleep at the wheel when it comes to pursuing antitrust cases.
The stated reason: Clinton thinks the inquiry has not been "fair."
The security approach of Java does restrict what an unsigned applet can do, and those criticisms are fair.
Once upon a time, the casino owners decided that "gambling" was too crude, too avaricious, to describe their fair business.
It bothers most of us that not all language use is fair or ethical, that it may be deceptive or an outright lie, or what we perceive as a mistake or usage error.
Parks tells Shaw that he told Felicity Barringer of the New York Times , who broke the story of the Staples deal in the national press, that it was "an inappropriate arrangement, and we should not have done it," but Barringer, who is a scrupulously fair reporter, tells Shaw he never told her anything like that.
The previous year, during a family trip to the world's fair in San Francisco, Smith had seen an installation of Pueblo Indian cliff dwellings.
All sides now owe it to the Omagh victims to make sure that, by next August, they are signed up to a fair and lasting peace."
The superficial spin: It's not fair to let her testify, since she failed to appear in previous hearings.
"It's a fair question to ask whether the rules should cover him," Ginsberg says of Exley.
A new school of Jewish historians is more critical of the dislocations caused by Jewish land acquisition, and concludes that it was not always fair.
If the answer is fair game for scrutiny and dispute, why isn't the question?
It is a hunger for glory and all that comes with it--a willingness to sacrifice one's personal desires to the common good; a sense of honor, dignity, and fair play--that allows politics to rise above a mere squabbling among interests.
Once something is published by anyone, it becomes fair game for analysis and repetition.
And all the loopholes make a "nominally progressive" system much less fair than it appears, and much less fair than a one-size-fits-all system.
fair game for anyone.
Whether that is a fair conclusion to draw from the evidence is something the reader, once again, can decide.
To be fair, Si doesn't pay for all such treats.
The cringe-making menu prose--“50 ways to love your liver”--disguises a reasonably echt core of standard deli fair [sic]: cream cheese and lox, salt beef [`corned beef'], gefilte fish--with a few nouvelle intruders like sun-dried tomato and mozarella [sic] salad.
"If you say, Well, it would make me miserable, make my wife cry, but it has no innuendo, no unattributed pejorative remarks, no slap in the face for joy of slapping, it is news, not gutter gossip, and as a reporter I know the writer was fair, then give it to the copy desk."
But there must be a system for making sure each couple does its fair share.
Nepotism is unfair by definition, but it's even less fair to level those charges selectively.
But if some of Gore's criticisms of Bradley are fair, others are totally unfair, and all are part of a transparent effort to keep his opponent on the defensive.
"To renounce his manhood for four, or even eight, years is a fair price to pay," he said.
One question about all this: Was it fair for the Post to give Hitchens the room to defend himself when the legal constraints Blumenthal is under no doubt kept him from being able to write a column of his own about the matter?
Family values are fine, in their place, but this is the wrong place" (Terrence Rafferty, The New Yorker ). The New York Times ' Janet Maslin, however, dissents: "[T]here are some slow patches and formulaic touches, but that's a fair trade for the fun of watching Mr. Williams and Mr. Crystal make an irresistible comic team."
So based upon the response that you gave to your attorney, is it a fair statement that you began as a plaintiff in this case in December, 2004, without ever having personally witnessed the actions of the Dover School Board as they debated and enacted the policy on which this lawsuit is based?
That's a fair statement.
Marcel stays behind; the Sheikh and his friends love to watch his fair Gallic skin get sunburned and peel.
Readers ought not be put off by the number of pages, for this is a large-format book with a fair amount of text.
The flexibility in the process of allocating emission credits or allowances will also accommodate the different air quality needs in the East and the West while preserving fair competition.
But presumably if the twenty prices vary a fair amount, that average will not predict the twenty-first month’s price very well.
As in the case of fair coin flips and equilibrium statistical mechanics, it is as if here again the mathematical structure compels the consequent behavior of matter and energy.
In western Tennessee, a collaboration by two programs will bring over a million dollars in US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) fair housing grants to Tennessee.
Dubbed “the fairest mountain among the fair mountains of the world,” Mt. Emei reaches an altitude of well over 3,000 m (over 10,000 ft).
"You do not take a person who, for years, has been hobbled by chains, and liberate him, bring him to the starting line of a race, and then say, 'You are free to compete with all the others,' and still justly believe that you have been completely fair," Johnson said.
"From our view," he wrote, "that seems in character and fair enough."
In 1884 the city attempted to demonstrate its post-war recovery by staging an international fair — the World’s Industrial and Cotton Centennial Exposition — on the site of what is now Audubon Park.
But to be fair, it doesn't work on Windows 3.1 either.
The Board agreed that the fair value of stewardship property transferred to state and local governments need not be determined and reported.
West of Braga toward the coast is Barcelos, home of the country’s largest agricultural fair (held every Thursday in the massive open square, the Campo da República).
To be fair clemmed  meant to be very hungry, cold, or miserable.
In keeping with its values of being fair and balanced in all its work with all the agencies it reviews, GAO, when determining the amount of time available for comment, will consider (1) the timing needs of the requester,
The yearly arrival of the Nao de China, a galleon that sailed to Manila and back during these years, was the occasion for an annual merchant fair that drew traders from all over the colony.
"The American legal system ultimately will affirm that Microsoft's actions and innovations were fair and legal," Gates declared.
The EU's guiding principle is often one of juste retour , or fair reward, in which Member States traditionally seek to recover grants at least equal to their contributions to the EU pot (see Box 1).
At the end of the road, near an alpine waterfall, the Kazakhs, who once rode with Genghis and Kublai Khan across these grasslands, open their village to visitors and in July stage a six-day summer fair (nadam) with horse races and wrestling.
Therefore, they questioned the cost/benefit of requiring that the fair value of stewardship property transferred to state and local governments be determined and reported.
Takakkaw is an Indian word for “magnificent,” a fair description of the waters spilling out of the outflow of the Daly Glacier.
It is intriguing that a disproportionate number of QRNA's RNA annotations (74%, 351/472) were in the "intergenic" data fraction, which is only 11% of the genome - which is what we would expect to see if there were a fair number of undetected RNA features in the genome.
If neither fair value is determinable, the cost of the PP&E acquired is the cost recorded for the PP&E surrendered net of any accumulated depreciation or amortization.
For Model 1 it is only fair to compare Clest gap, gapPC, and hart, as the other methods only estimate ≥ 2.
If the fair value of the PP&E acquired is more readily determinable than that of the PP&E surrendered, the cost is the fair value of the PP&E acquired.
Retention standard: IRS developed a performance standard relating to the fair and equitable treatment of taxpayers that senior executives must meet.
In 1999, guided by the belief that access to quality legal services is critical to a fair adversarial justice system and committed to making significant improvements in the delivery system the LSC Board of Directorsv approved and enacted its own strategic plan-Strategic Directions 2000-2005-which was adopted in January 2000.
The sales price may include the fair value of items received in exchange.
ugh few of those surveyed were able to get legal help, about 71 percent believe the court system is a fair place to resolve disputes, and roughly 61 percent believe the courts and legal system help make society safe.
The agency's work reflects integrity because it is professional, objective, factbased, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair and balanced.
They also should be presented in a manner to promote adequate understanding of the matters reported and to provide convincing but fair presentations in proper perspective.
Self-reported covariates include age, gender, smoking (never or former), history of arthritis, cancer, diabetes, fair or poor self-rated health status, limitations in activities of daily living or in instrumental activities of daily living, and 10 pounds or more unintended weight loss in the year before baseline.
As academic editors they, along with a senior editor at the journal, take research papers through the peer review process in a way that we believe provides the most constructive and fair review.
Participants generally agreed that there is a demand for both historical and fair value reporting.
Similarly, § 403(a) assigns the Postal Service the duty to "plan, develop, promote, and provide adequate and efficient postal services at fair and reasonable rates and fees."
If the fair value of the PP&E acquired is more readily determinable than that of the PP&E surrendered, the cost is the fair value of the PP&E acquired.
Self-report data were analyzed for self-rated health (dichotomized as excellent/good versus fair/poor) and medication use.
For property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency, it is the fair value of the property less a valuation allowance for any liens or third party claims.
First, there are those who argue that worksharing is a kind of deaveraging, which brings prices closer to costs, and that deaveraging is both economically efficient and fair.
"The court does what it can and it is important that the court remain a fair and neutral ground," she said.
If the fair value of the PP&E acquired is more readily determinable than that of the PP&E surrendered, the cost is the fair value of the PP&E acquired.
Many respondents questioned the need for, and the cost/benefit of, requiring that the fair value of stewardship PP&E transferred to state and local governments be reported.
"Clearly, it's not fair.
YHL is the number of years in which the person was 'healthy', and is similar in concept to quality-adjusted life-years, healthy year equivalents, or active life expectancy [ 14 ] . We based YHL on self-rated health (is your health excellent, very good, good, fair, or poor?)
She emphasized "how important it is for them to feel that they're being listened to, that they have an opportunity to say what they need to say - for them not only to get a fair trial but to believe that the system is being fair to them."
To meet BLM's performance expectation for senior executives to establish a zero tolerance standard for discrimination, harassment, and hostile work environments, a senior executive who heads BLM's Nevada state office set an expectation in his individual plan for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle that he would demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring fair access to developmental opportunities for employees.
It has also been proposed that a lottery would be the only fair approach to allocating ARVs [3].
In that respect, some participants felt that FASB is marching toward a "fair value" path and cautioned that the fair value reporting model is not always good and needs to be used only where it really makes sense.
Thirty years later, as a Los Angeles Superior Court judge, Zelon has added the public's right to a fair trial to the list of constitutional rights she works to preserve.
We found that the correlations of the global mRNA expression measurements for cultures harvested on different days was only fair (Figure 5a, Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.74), while the correlation between two independent microarray analyses of the same samples gave a correlation of 0.97 (Figure 5b).
That's an outcome that seems both fair and economically efficient: The punishment falls on the sinners and thereby deters the sin.
Since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years' worth of support, it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to remain childless.
It is not unknown, I think, that meanings change when words cross language frontiers, and what was a temporary booth at a Russian fair (quite probably a chaotic, noisy affair) becomes a mess and a bedlam in Yiddish.
It wouldn't be fair to count this as a negative in weighing Linux's intrinsic merits.
Big-picture theorists concluded courts will now treat Internet confessions as fair game.
The Butter Cow Lady is locally famous for the big cows she crafts out of butter every year for the state fair.
Since the tasting panel had left the first round grumbling that cheap lagers were not a fair test of their abilities, this second round of testing was advertised to the panel as a reward.
The only fair way to give Kazan the award, he says, is to "print the names he named on the back of it."
By insisting that everything Microsoft has done is fair competition, they risk the possibility that the public, if it accepts the judge's finding to the contrary, will conclude that Microsoft doesn't know the difference.
But the opening weekend--which, to be fair, has always been disproportionately important in shaping the way studios handle films--is now of such importance that throwing away the money that could have been made on Friday in order to make the weekend look better somehow seems logical.
"An admirable, courageous and meticulously fair and honest book," says Roger Parloff in the New York Times Book Review . Kennedy's endorsement of extreme race-neutrality--race shouldn't be a factor in stopping criminal-suspect searches or in assembling juries, he says--does strike a few as naive.
Tannen, like some grandmotherly creature from an Aesop fable, admonishes us to recognize what is good in the work of others, and it is only fair to extend her the same courtesy.
Critics debate the merits of the star, Gwyneth Paltrow, more than anything else in this "slender romantic comedy" (Stephen Holden, the New York Times ). The Washington Post 's Rita Kempley calls Paltrow a "fair reminder of the young Audrey Hepburn," but Entertainment Weekly 's Lisa Schwarzbaum says her "image project[s] better in fashion-magazine stills than in motion."
To make a judgment about whether the 16 deserve to be pardoned-or just locked up forever-we need to know who did what to whom and whether the sentences were fair or ridiculously heavy.
It's a fair question.
To be fair, the White House wanted to sweeten the Medicare pot at the same time it was making these cuts by adding a prescription-drug benefit.
It would be only fair to mention that the terminology is that used in the United States.
Clinton also says he would judge any proposed tax cut by whether it was fair to average taxpayers, good for the economy, and conducive to a simpler tax code.
But it was a surprise when he upset two old-guard barons to win the union's first fair, open presidential election in 1991.
But that's no reason to despise a candidate who tried hard, played fair, and will surely make a gracious exit.
Clinton spokesman Mike McCurry, who had refused July 21 to comment on "matters in the other party," was so moved by Weld's new plea for a "fair hearing" that he repeated that phrase six times at his July 31 press briefing.
Comment : The part about no inheritance taxes for farmers sounds especially fair.
Nor does it seem fair to blame the bureaucrats.
Police Chief: The chief was caught leasing a luxury apartment for less than half its fair price (his roommate, another officer, told the landlord they needed the space for an undercover operation).
In his earnest efforts to give the South a fair shake, Applebome, a native Long Islander now raising a family in Georgia, begins by puncturing Northern stereotypes and sanctimony about the South.
To be fair, Roth emerges as the tamer monster.
Also in a golden colour for fair hair.
But, to be fair, Jewish gangsters had excellent nicknames--Kid Twist, Pittsburgh Phil, Little Farvel, Abbaddaba.
But should we really expect the minority share of enrollments not just to keep growing but to keep growing at its initial pace ? Even in the best of all possible civil-rights environments, the rate of increase would have to slow down sometime, wouldn't it, as minority admissions approached a fair, non-discriminatory level?
The "Dialogue" on the capital-gains tax between Michael Kinsley and John C. Goodman points out one of the problems in taxing income: It's hard to make it simple and fair.
But the game seemed fair, and I was simply overmatched.
This is a fair question.
Even when I started working in London I had to accept a fair number of Mista Forps in the course of an average day.
Thirty years ago, ABC would not televise Abbie Hoffman's American flag shirt on the Dick Cavett Show ; last week it was available at a street fair in my neighborhood in the form of silk underwear.
But the bottom line is, post-Dada art is subjective, and there's no way any group of government experts can render a fair judgment as to what's good art and what isn't.
Three-and-a-half decades after its fair, the city has emerged as an international destination for the ambitious and the fashionable.
But the criticism of Java on performance grounds, as if the performance problems were inherent in the security model, is not fair and is not accurate.
These are fair assertions, but he never really makes the case in the center of his book.
(Chatterbox would have preferred Diaz to use this marginally more embarrassing Ellis quote, spotted in the unedited interview transcript: "You know, to be honestly fair with you, I do not know what our Web site looks like."
Maybe all candidates--both parties--could just stipulate that they plan to be good, fair, more, better.
That's not fair to her: Everyone published slobbering celebrity stories in the '80s: Brown's genius was to combine them with superb investigative, political, and feature writing, then wrap it all in a salacious cover that you just had to open.
Weather remains very fair; it's already 66 degrees with light northeasterly winds; barometer is holding steady; and the seawater temperature is 65 degrees.
Yet the banner inside General Electric's aero-engine servicing department in South Wales--'_____________'--is a fair approximation of what GE has been up to in Nantgarw since it bought the business from British Airways in 1991."
