But there arises then the question of equality in the exercise of basic legal rights, like owning property, serving on a jury, and testifying as a witness in court.
The high honor bestowed upon me is also a recognition of the Yiddish language—a language of exile, without a land, without frontiers, not supported by any government, a language which possesses no words for weapons, ammunition, military exercises, war tactics.
and i just go and we all exercise and until then you know i have belonged to exercise clubs and oh i've gone to uh oh like um
It’s not well served by public transport, so give your legs some exercise, starting from the southern approach by the Gellért Hotel.
okay are are you an exercise fanatic
Da Mo, who was probably a legendary rather than actual figure, is also heralded as the founder of kung fu (wushu), a system of hand-to-hand combat that was later modified to produce the immensely popular form of exercise that millions practice every morning throughout China — taiqi (tai chi), sometimes called “shadow boxing” in the West.
This could have generated a jurisprudence of deference to the states in their exercise of police power, even if executive and legislative decisions had the effect of discriminating against former slaves.
For readers who (like the editors) found the mental exercise in Steven Landsburg's most recent "Everyday Economics" column a bit hard to follow, Steve tries a different version in "E-Mail to the Editors" (scroll down to the third e-mail message and read his response).
The dramatic heterogeneity of fiber type composition between people may explain their remarkable variation in exercise performance.
yeah but you got a good exercise program going on it looks like
This is the period of myths and legends, later romanticized by Irish writers, that still exercise their power today.
This was a reasonable exercise of the state’s “police power,” its general authority to promote the common good.
One of the features of this style was the alliterating, punning phrase, often used as a headline--wasted wowsers vied with watery wowsers and indeed with weird and worried wowsers, and the exercise was often carried to extremes--witness collocations like pious, Puritanical, pragmatical, pulpit-pounding self-pursuers whom we call wowsers, or bald-headed, bad-breathed, bible-banging bummer, who ought to be banged with a bowser.
There was no clear resolution of the problem at the exercise.
so do you do any kind of regular exercise
A good orientation exercise is to start with an organized sightseeing tour — by bus, for instance, departing from the eastern end of the Kurfürstendamm.
, regarding diet, exercise, or smoking cessation) occurred in only 43% (32%–53%) of new and general medical examination visits in 2002 for patients who had moderate CHD risk and were diagnosed with hyperlipidemia.
small type trampoline that i do indoor jogging on sometimes for exercise but i haven't really started been doing anything regular for the last several months since we've since we've moved to to Iowa
Inevitably, come now the Webby Awards, given by something we are asked to believe is the "International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences ." For a medium that prides itself on its insurgent spirit, this is a comically egregious exercise in faux-establishmentarianism.
It’s popular with locals, including students seeking a quiet bench for reading and citizens performing their morning tai chi exercises.
For the 1998 exercise, see Chuck Green interview (Apr.
it's like an exercise bike or something like that although i haven't purchased one purchased one yet sometimes i do i have this little trampoline
Also, although Giuliani and Bratton got credit for eliminating squeegeeing, it was Ray Kelly, Dinkins' last police commissioner, who brought me in to lead the problem-solving exercise that figured out how to do it.
For others, the climb is an exercise in self-discipline and physical purification.
However, we have no corroborative evidence to support this possibility such as the glycogen content of muscle fibers after exercise or electrical stimulation.
they have two types of water aerobics they call it aqua exercise i guess is what they call it
Sathyamoorthy concludes his brief exercise with a suggestion that merits some attention by VERBATIM readers:
If you get no other exercise while you’re in California, it would be difficult to go without at least one day of swimming at the beach.
Further advances in our understanding of signaling mechanisms that govern activity-dependent gene regulation in skeletal muscle could lead to drugs, gene therapy, or devices that can, at least in part, substitute for daily exercise.
yeah yeah i've got a weight bench and we got my wife an exercise bike and i use that sometimes too
uh together they both exercised about five minutes a day doing isometrics rather than you know physical strenuous exercises
it's good good exercise too
course i'm tend to be a slow learner i guess anyway but it's a lot of fun and it's it's a good way to get exercise you know fooling yourself because you don't realize you're getting exercise
i think the most exercise i've gotten in the last three or four month is just jumping up and down to go answer the kids' questions it keeps me pretty busy but
health benefits things like uh insurance for number one but another would be like um facilities or the ease some easy way to go out and exercise or something like that if you felt like it in the middle the day
and a lot of if you have a a YMCA or something they have kind of a tot programs where they have little exercise class for kids her age and all kinds of things
so uh that's usually the extent of my exercise
well um i uh exercise regularly i work at a university and i swim almost everyday
one of the reasons i run uh probably the biggest reason either run or play racquetball i mean either of them is um because if i don't get exercise i don't i don't sleep well and i just don't feel as good i just feel kind of yucky
yeah i i really prefer outdoor exercise i'm afraid that my favorite indoor exercise is eating apple pie a la mode and that doesn't help very much
a a exercise bicycle plus a dog i could go walk and a whole lot of things like that
well how about you are you an exercise fanatic
uh what's the word i want more real i think realistic because they do believe in capital punishment and they do every once in awhile exercise that
good exercise you get outside
so i mean overall i was in very good shape now after four months of being off exercise i've put on probably fifteen pounds
right i'd rather get a bicycle but i have an i had an exercise bike in the house but uh didn't seem to use it enough so somebody sold it in a garage sale and so uh but i'd like to get a bike and just do outside do biking outside
well i got a lot of exercise though the last four or five days i have two grandchildren
okay well i sure enjoyed talking to you about uh exercise and fitness
exercise tends to be a a topic that i guess i've never developed any will power to maintain any regular program i uh
we uh that's you you know that's our favorite form of exercise is is life and we do our own yard you know we uh we we enjoy the activities that provide exercise
i read a book while i'm doing it but i was doing that on the exercise bike
well very good and i think we've probably know know each other's exercise habits and um it was nice talking to you
uh thing but uh when i'm exercising regularly i i feel the need to to do more exercise
my cat stays inside because she's declawed so i don't really have a problem with that but yeah if you had a dog you know they need exercise and you have to walk them
well we have a lake house and down there when we go down there some on weekends we get a different type of exercise you know just doing a lot of work and things down there
decreased morbidity which is where the elderly person through i don't know a healthier lifestyle and exercise and eating right can
or you can take part in the games that they have going on they always have bingo they have a casino uh they have a massage parlor they have exercise i mean you can do anything
getting into an exercise program really
and so i've started an exercise program i'm i'm sometimes i'm a lot more
right i because i mean i i've always walked fast so i i don't know i need to get on a some kind of exercise program though because i'm i'm starting
so that gives you you know lots of exercise
um attitude about exercise otherwise it becomes a chore and a task and and you you think of it as work and um
well i uh i uh have uh i walk and run every um almost every morning i've sort of stopped here with the weather change but uh it's about a thirty minute exercise every morning
kind of nagging health things that i think you know some more exercise would help
well i think the old adage is quite true in this case with exercise that moderation is the key
well i wish i could get my weight down i need to get out and get some exercise uh as i say i've just retired so i'm just starting to have a few days to uh approach that subject and i'm
but that was the only time i have ever been able to like start an exercise program and really stick to it
um exercise huh
i used to walk and not only did i walk but i used to watch all those exercise programs on TV and i would tape them
yeah so anyway i could get a little bit of exercise that way um
mountaineering a little mountaineering this and that and i spend a lot of time and i probably get more exercise than your average person
yeah hopefully uh yeah the insurance companies will see the advantage of signing up a sixty year old for a uh you know exercise class or
you know like exercise or something for your feet it's like and i have to wear them because he gets upset if i don't so so
doesn't require exercise
and um that's sort of i guess it's probably the most common thing i do for exercise the other thing i do is um i try and play racquetball a couple of times a week with um a friend
well that's that's good exercise and i don't do enough of that either
now sometimes we ride and sometimes um we pull we like to to a lot of times just walk for the exercise
unless unless you c all pushing yourself away from the table more exercise
well i told a friend of mine whose got a real she really does have a weight problem i said well i have an exercise bike that's sitting over here that's collecting dust and i i have my treadmill and i have a rowing machine
but uh the reason why i do like that a little bit better than running if i can find uh you know people to play with because it's more it's more interesting i mean there's you know like a game aspect to it as well as just sort of the exercise
the most common exercise for people is to go to the malls and walk them
and it took me a good ten years to put on some weight and any exercise even when summer would come and i'd mow the lawn i'd lose five to seven pounds just just as soon as the heat kicked in
and uh there was no exercise
but i think that uh exercise i think everyone needs exercise
and uh and exercise is is strongly considered one of them
and i take uh this aerobics class which is a great class it's what they call a circuit class where you do a few minutes of aerobic exercise and then you break and do some weight work
it it it's just an exercise mat that rolls up so you can put it out you know just in the corner
they seem pretty you know they don't have the hard body they don't have that perfect look and an awful lot of exercises is sort of image conscious but they you know they live to a hundred and ten some day you know and that that's
i mean i don't have a problem with weight either but i think i don't have a problem because i exercise you know i mean people are always saying to me how do you stay thin and it's because i exercise but i also watch what i eat
yeah that's that's about the extent of it i mean i don't do any of those things particularly you know for exercise
least exercise while dusting it off
and i was going to wait until um about my sixth month and then start doing that i did that with the second baby and um i went to my exercise class exercise class one day and then she was delivered the next day
there're some parts during that exercise that i think i cannot do another second of this
twenty seven okay yeah well i am quite a bit older than you are but no i i think exercise is extremely important and i i do exercise on a regular basis
Fort Ben Harrison Indiana and i learned a lot from that about uh the difference between aerobic and anaerobic exercise
it's kind of fun because with the first pregnancy all the other ladies except one were on their first pregnancy and they would talk about exercise and just general things related to the birthing process and
well um i have a a a former exercise program i'm a graduate student and this semester i'll tell you what i it's been almost impossible for me to get you know back to regular exercise
okay uh the question was about uh physical fitness and staying in shape and exercise well uh i i don't do it as much as i should i try to walk
it's uh exercise is kind of forget it
so for it's so it's educational as well as it exercise exercise beneficial so
course i'm tend to be a slow learner i guess anyway but it's a lot of fun and it's it's a good way to get exercise you know fooling yourself because you don't realize you're getting exercise
he um it it of course it was much more prevalent in Europe exercise was much more taken much more seriously than it was here in fact
i'm getting better about this knowing that i need exercise and doing it but it's still at the task stage
and i have tried it immediately after school like try to get some place and exercise from five to six but then by the time you get home and you fix dinner you are eating so late
and i've talked to a lot of ladies that exercise with one pregnancy and didn't with the other and they said that they'd exercise the one that had exercised was three or four times easier and
you're just uh focused then on on maintaining your health because if you do the exercise naturally you're going to feel a lot healthier
i think i find the our door atmosphere more inspiring for my exercise really
and i was going to wait until um about my sixth month and then start doing that i did that with the second baby and um i went to my exercise class exercise class one day and then she was delivered the next day
i think it does a lot for your mental um exercise too uh keeping um a clear mind i think your mind is clearer when you exercise
because i really don't like to exercise i think that's the basic point of it is i'm not i i don't enjoy it if i know that it's exercise but if it's like a social activity or a recreational activity i don't mind
well that's good exercise do you exercise uh do you play tennis very often
i don't very often do things for the sake of exercise i don't feel well unless i am exercising and i try to do things that involve exercise but i very rarely do things
play tennis and play racquetball i i like to get exercise when i'm playing a game of some sort and so that's always been the way that i have kept myself in uh the shape that i was satisfied with at least
okay are you currently active in any type of exercise program
you know really exercise is so important and i realize that
and i i mean i just started doing it this week but uh the first time we had to talk on exercise and then this time music so
well i know in in my family um my father has always been an exercise fanatic in fact uh he's from um Austria
oh uh so what's what's your favorite exercise
yeah i think that's probably true with anything when you work some exercise in it just seems like things seem to go more smoothly i don't know
oh that's good exercise
it's not just the exercise that's boring and time consuming it's uh you know afterwards you know then you have to take a shower and get cleaned up you know
okay i was watching the soap opera awards um and and it's it's really making me wanna exercise because every single woman in the audience is
what do you do in terms of exercise if anything
but um so how how successful is your exercise video
and um i'm an aerobics freak so i just uh i love that type of music to do aerobics to and exercise and that sort of thing
and i think this and exercise and really watching your diet does it i've been on that diet that
oh yeah most of my my forms of exercise come in the form of a five year old and a two year old
yes it gives me plenty of exercise but i enjoy um walking outside and bicycling once in a while with the family excuse me and yourself
does he go to have an exercise program too
all right i guess this is a great time to talk about fitness with everybody and their New Year's resolutions and going out and getting their recor regular exercise program um do you recor exercise regularly
it's not really stressful at all in any i mean it's it's fun and it's enjoyable and it's good exercise but
well my exercise program consists of uh you know it's it's a it's an opportunity to stay alive really
yeah well i find that uh if i want to lose some weight that uh i can't do it unless i exercise as well
yeah um existing employees are too but they for some reason they don't uh uh do anything about it you know they don't uh exercise it
um but i've noticed that what i do is that i have my towel that sits on the floor so that every time i get up to bowl i have to bend over to pick up my towel and that way i get the little extra exercise
been a few times and really enjoyed it it's it's amazing how each exercise works on a different part of your body i never realized you know i thought basketball basically covered it all but after i skied a few times i've just been dead
well uh it's too bad we can't talk about your other interests but we just have to talk about exercise
okay so you consider that your exercise
you know and i i played tennis for exercise but i play golf for fun uh and
um the only exercise program i'm doing right now is walking
exercise mode that she keeps herself in plus she has um a family that she takes care of and a forty hour work week so i'm really amazed at her stamina
uh-huh what kind of exercise do you do
exercise facilities and movies and and everything else you know they can
and a trampoline i said i'll come over this afternoon and you can borrow the the exercise the exercise bicycle at least maybe it'll get some use so um you know we're going to try to she's got
just a sort of combination between bicycling and exercise or hobby and an exercise so that's probably the extent of my hobbies
is mowing the lawn a new exercise
yeah this guy he seems like he runs and stuff and runs with the dog so he probably gets in enough exercise
it's not really the kind of exercise that gets your heart rate going and and uh
but if it well if i remember back to when i had a child they give you a lot of exercise just what age is your child
and then you're just doing repetitious exercises throughout the whole video and it's a hour long video
periods uh such as Christmas and so forth where you eat out more often than normal if you don't get the exercise in your weight weight goes up
oh i know my husband wants me to take up golf that's another thing he does and uh you know i don't know that i see that as a real big exercise though
and i you know i walk i don't ride so you know i get a little exercise there too so
those exercise bands now that are better that you can use for like toning instead of using a weight you have like bands i don't know if you've seen them they're
to walk too i i guess they said it's a good form of exercise i guess uh if you consider that exercise i walk a lot
okay i guess we're talking about exercise huh
think about an exercise routine because i was always doing something that more or less required exercise
um at one time i had a a fairly regular exercise program
well what kind of exercise do you do
uh-huh and exercise and do all this fancy stuff at morning noon and night
i you know i was a solid weight trainer and all i did was weights and anaerobic exercise and then my wife got me into the aerobic exercise said you really need to do it so
so i have to disguise it it's like feeding little babies food and telling them it's something else so that they'll eat it that's kind of the same thing for me i have to not know that it's exercise so i can do it
like um i've never done aerobics or any sort of structured this is my exercise time
that was wild but i exercise i don't exercise now i just had a baby three months ago i haven't really gotten back into exercising but i exercised real good for a couple of years it was
i do try and regulate how much exercise i get a week
well i don't know what kind of exercise do you get involved in
that's a fair amount of exercise by itself right
i do it myself have a lot of people trying to do it for me but hey i need the exercise so what the heck
mental exercise
for uh for some of the exercises she uses three pound weights
uh exercise or not and they tell me that's going to catch up with me someday uh
well you can get you can do the other thing i do is uh i have a little exercise bike that uh wasn't too expensive i got a cheap one but you can really work up a sweat on it
and um we go on a like fifty to a hundred miles every Sunday so i try to uh keep up in the winter with the exercise bike so i'm you know can be in shape and that could
so you really do enjoy your exercise then since your
or get an exercise bike and in the house
do regular exercise
only exercise when i have to i mean
oh so you've thought about that as well a bike exercise
would be considered exercise or things i should do
and you know he's like well i get more exercise pushing it around
and that's that's by enlarge about the only form of exercise i get but when i go out and play i generally play for two or three hours at a time
i mean i have it every once and a while and i know when i do this exercise i don't get it which is it call it crunches
yeah i i'm on uh a right now i'm on one of those jags where i i exercise at well i i run every night
well yeah i do a lot of exercise right now i'm into jazzercise which i absolutely love um i started about two years ago because i gained some weight over the past few years and i wanted to get it back off
oh that would that's fantastic exercise
the innovator of the whole exercise thing um and he was talking about the three things you could that cause
and a trampoline i said i'll come over this afternoon and you can borrow the the exercise the exercise bicycle at least maybe it'll get some use so um you know we're going to try to she's got
so you uh exercise on a regular basis
great um currently i'm not doing a whole lot of exercise in any type of program
uh well i exercise fairly regularly i work for a company out here uh in uh Livingston New Jersey Bellcore yeah Bell Communications Research
and everything has gotten kind of turned upside down all this space that uh normally would be dedicated towards the exercise area is uh covered in boxes
so i'm getting more you know more exercise that way than i ever did before i had him you know so
other exercise that i like to do so and you know i see i feel like i feel a lot better since i've uh started doing that seems to help me a lot
yeah so you think you might get an exercise bicycle
think about an exercise routine because i was always doing something that more or less required exercise
Immediately after exercise (not during), thermocouples were inserted into thigh skeletal muscles and the rectum.
just uh but but that's good exercise
We must remember that as CPAs, we get paid for our judgment, so let's exercise it.
you know and actually that's my exercise now just trying to keep up with an eighteen month old that's more than enough so
After the exercise protocol rats were allowed to rest for 1 hour and then were anesthetized by i.p.
you know i what i like about exercise i love the inaerobic exercise i like
During exercise, slow twitch motor units serving oxidative fibers are recruited first during moderate exercise, and motor units serving glycolytic fibers are recruited later and during more severe exercise [ 1 ] . This is in contrast to electrical stimulation of sufficient intensity where all motor units are thought to be activated simultaneously [ 31 ] . The larger regional difference in VEGF mRNA signal after electrical stimulation may be due to the fact that this protocol was more metabolically demanding than the treadmill exercise protocol, or indeed because the rat muscle was hypoxic during electrical stimulation.
yeah i i i know i just know you can't but no i don't get as much exercise as i used to but i at least since TI has implemented that program i do i'm more aware of it
Estimating benefits for visibility is a more difficult and less precise exercise than estimating health benefits because the endpoints are not directly or indirectly valued in markets.
oh that's pretty good exercise you do you drive a cart or do you carry your bag
Also, he charged that bylaw changes, which LSNY is forcing through its exercise of its power over his program's purse, "expands enormously LSNY's legislative power to tell local programs what they can and cannot do."
um-hum well i have an exercise bike um also that's that's in my my house
Nevertheless, physical activity was associated with reduced lipids levels, both in men and women, but these benefits did not reach statistical significance when adjusted for the effect of exercise on body mass index of the participants and the confounding effect of smoking and dietary habits.
no problem at all and uh if you get one of these mats you know go to a store they normally have these exercise things these ABCs of physical fitness on them
A plausible explanation could be the low concentration of this type of diet in saturated fat and the non-lipid-lowering benefits that physical activities and Mediterranean diet have been reported to produce (including antithrombotic and anti-inflammatory effects) [ 22 23 ] . In accordance to that, several investigators have reported that non-pharmacological lifestyle interventions, like diet and exercise, could be useful in the management of hypertensive subjects [ 24 25 ] .
just a sort of combination between bicycling and exercise or hobby and an exercise so that's probably the extent of my hobbies
The effects of the tenth or 20th day of exercise are not the same as the effects of the first day.
okay exercise is something that i don't do enough of and i have an incredible uh
On 9/11, NORAD was scheduled to conduct a military exercise, Vigilant Guardian, which postulated a bomber attack from the former Soviet Union.
fulfilling my obligations so i haven't done a lot of uh exercise on purpose what about you
VEGF is a 45 kDA heparin-binding homodimeric glycoprotein with a predominant specificity to vascular endothelial cells [ 4 5 6 7 ] . Recent investigations demonstrate that VEGF increases vascular permeability [ 4 ] , endothelial cell proliferation in vitro [ 8 ] , and angiogenesis in vivo [ 9 ] . We have previously demonstrated that VEGF mRNA is upregulated in rat gastrocnemius muscle following 1 hour of acute submaximal treadmill exercise [ 10 ] , in dog gastrocnemius muscle following 1 hour of electrical stimulation [ 11 ] , and in human vastus lateralis following 30 min of one-legged knee extension exercise at 50% maximal capacity [ 12 ] . Other studies show similar upregulation of VEGF mRNA in chronically electrically stimulated rat skeletal muscle [ 13 14 ] , and in human vastus lateralis following 45 min of one-legged knee extension exercise [ 15 ] .
but uh tell me about um your exercise did you take your exercise because you had a problem or you just wanted to stay young and light or whatever
people who were considered very healthy in China and they don't do very much vigorous exercise at all but they do a lot of low keyed low impact low stress exercise and they combine it with a you know meditation or whatever some sort of relaxation and
but uh tell me about um your exercise did you take your exercise because you had a problem or you just wanted to stay young and light or whatever
i'm i'm i exercise more in in the summer and spring than i do um like this time of year because
so that she gets some exercise we go for walks
so you don't you don't feel you're getting a good exercise when you go out uh jogging
right do you uh do any anaerobic type weight lifting or weight training type exercise
uh when i was in high school we had a choice of uh taking uh physical education courses on exercise and uh one of those involved a six week session on a universal machine
and i have a tape and i play it just about every other day and i and it's twenty minutes of exercise
exercise
daddy just came home so the house is starting to liven up here now but uh that's about it that's kind of how my exercise is right now is just basically running after a three year old
do you are you on a regular regular exercise program right now
okay are you on an exercise program now or
exercise is not supposed to do that to you
because it's sort of the same work out but but yeah i can i sort of you know am able to you know sleep better and and be more uh more alert um when i'm you know when i am awake if i if i exercise regularly so it really
it's nothing or it could be your exercise for the week right
well yeah i'm on a exercise program i'm riding my Aerodyne bike um half an hour every morning and i'm just about ready to
uh-hum well i try to do it at night before i go to bed um it's really weird because i'll get down on the floor and i'll holler and tell my cat Nikki i'll say Nikki i'm going to do my exercises now
yeah if i were to begin to begin exercise now i think it'd be something that i could do um
well i mean it's kind of it's it's you know it's good exercise especially when you get good at it because you the idea is to make the other player run to where he's not i mean you hit the ball it's kind of like tennis in that sense but you're not chasing always chasing after the ball um
fitness and exercise
well she doesn't do much hunting she could care less about that she does a little fishing but you know golf would give her the exercise she'd be outside give her something to do that we both enjoy so
because if you don't exercise then it seems like um what you you just have to be really really careful about what you eat you can you can eat like a normal person if you get a moderate amount of exercise and not really have to worry about it
i think that's considered exercise whether you want it or not
but they have packages where they just offer the exercise program is that what you're saying
yeah the exercise the uh weight lifting on the other hand is actually you know i think i look better
people who were considered very healthy in China and they don't do very much vigorous exercise at all but they do a lot of low keyed low impact low stress exercise and they combine it with a you know meditation or whatever some sort of relaxation and
i uh i exercised pretty well up until i found or until i was pregnant and i started having pains so i've calmed down everything except i was working out doing aerobic exercises as well as the um walking
the one thing's i mean i enjoy doing it i i enjoy any kind of any any kind of outdoor uh activity exercise whatever and in fact i used i do it during lunch i i really look forward to it
well outdoor exercise is uh more convenient however
but i don't i don't think i'd have the wind for that i guess of all the sports that probably gives you more exercise than any any sport there is
yeah yeah well more than weight course i could use uh lose certainly from ten to twenty pounds but i think more than that i also notice i just feel better when i exercise
yeah a lot of things do that i have a negative i had an exercise bike i used to have one and finally got rid of it because i never used it but i do use my treadmill
that's about it as far as exercise
uh well how is it appropriate to be talking about exercise attitudes
well you know i have noticed too that uh uh when i started the exercise uh not the exercise but the walking program uh that i did tone up you know like all over but it didn't get the upper part of my body and uh so
yeah i haven't been up there um but i understand they've got a nice pool and that's my favorite form of exercise is swimming
but um for field day which is an exercise in the summer where ham it know it's it's it's a couple of things it's supposed to be a uh a demonstration of how
And this gets into a semantical exercise to some degree but one that is important, I understand, to the reporters.
At the conclusion of this vast exercise, done without the aid of computers, there emerged a pattern of familial relationships that linked together languages spoken, in earlier times, from Britain as far east as Chinese Turkestan and from India as far north as Lappland.
One clause prescribes “establishment of religion”; the other mandates “the free exercise of religion.”
Part I: COMMON ROOTS...provide [s] in-depth coverage of 36 common roots and described, in detail, the dissection, analysis, reconstruction, definition, and commentary processes, followed by 24 exercise entries for each root or related roots.
Now consider the same exercise for a new dress style not previously available at retail—perhaps a style that gained attention when worn by a controversial film star at the most recent Academy Awards ceremony.
What vigil is thisselfish exercise interrupting?
Several studies, including the present, demonstrate that exercise raises HDL-cholesterol in the blood.
um what did you do when you exercised when you did exercise regularly
In fact, the Chinese martial arts and such offshoots as the gentler exercise forms known as taiqi have their symbolic, if not literal, birthplace at this monastery.
Although most people would describe this house as “traditional,” this is not an exercise in a particular historical style.
The exercise illustrates why one top investor believes "these stocks have become like major land masses."
Mental Exercise and Cognitive Reserve
and but yet she still enjoys uh music and still enjoys dance and you know for exercise she wants aerobics to music and that you know that kind of thing
The park also has squash courts and an exercise trail.
It directs you to "consume entire tube contents within 30 minutes after exercise."
The morale-boosting exercise lost money, but the rest of the United States had started to hear about the industrious but amusing city on the Mississippi as a place worth visiting.
For the patient, treatment is expensive and difficult, requiring strict attention to blood glucose monitoring, insulin dosing, diet, and exercise.
huh i guess my favorite my favorite exercise in the uh in the gym is the bikes to go yeah just with the the stationary bikes to just ride
Washington and Jefferson in their antique knee pants can't hope to compete; neither can Teddy Roosevelt in his boots and gun, nor Reagan in his cowboy outfit, nor, frankly, Dole and Clinton in their exercise clothes.
It was built in 1969, and at 365 m (1,197 ft) absolutely dwarfs western Berlin’s Funkturm (see page 59), which was the object of the exercise.
As the "Arlington County: After-Action Report" notes, there were significant problems with both self-dispatching and communications: "Organizations, response units, and individuals proceeding on their own initiative directly to an incident site, without the knowledge and permission of the host jurisdiction and the Incident Commander, complicate the exercise of command, increase the risks faced by bonafide responders, and exacerbate the challenge of accountability."
that's what hurts me a lot about getting into a exercise program
The other fleeces would have been plenty warm during exercise, but standing still I felt a bit chilly.
As an intriguing exercise in modern industrial archaeology, its desolate log cabins and colliery installations have become a coal mining village museum.
The information circulars mostly urged air carriers to "exercise prudence" and be alert.
do you ever have time when you don't get this exercise in and notice that your weight goes up or anything like that
To the growing legion of Clinton cynics, the president's race-relations initiative, unveiled last weekend, is an exercise in cheap talk.
A good orientation exercise is to start with an organized sightseeing tour with Dublin Bus from Upper O’Connell Street or Bus Éireann from the Travel Centre at Busáras in Store Street.
VEGF is a 45 kDA heparin-binding homodimeric glycoprotein with a predominant specificity to vascular endothelial cells [ 4 5 6 7 ] . Recent investigations demonstrate that VEGF increases vascular permeability [ 4 ] , endothelial cell proliferation in vitro [ 8 ] , and angiogenesis in vivo [ 9 ] . We have previously demonstrated that VEGF mRNA is upregulated in rat gastrocnemius muscle following 1 hour of acute submaximal treadmill exercise [ 10 ] , in dog gastrocnemius muscle following 1 hour of electrical stimulation [ 11 ] , and in human vastus lateralis following 30 min of one-legged knee extension exercise at 50% maximal capacity [ 12 ] . Other studies show similar upregulation of VEGF mRNA in chronically electrically stimulated rat skeletal muscle [ 13 14 ] , and in human vastus lateralis following 45 min of one-legged knee extension exercise [ 15 ] .
Most recently, GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group, which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers.
More specifically, in the present descriptive study, non-radioactive in situ hybridization with a VEGF 165 probe [ 20 ] was used to visualize the fiber specific localization of VEGF mRNA transcripts on muscle tissue cross sections after muscles were stimulated to upregulate VEGF through exercise or electrical stimulation.
A large body of epidemiological literature consistently documents greater longevity in persons who are physically active on a near-daily basis, and reveals inverse relationships between levels of daily exercise and incidence of major chronic disorders such as obesity [2], hypertension [3], diabetes [4], ischemic heart disease, and all causes of mortality [5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12].
During exercise, slow twitch motor units serving oxidative fibers are recruited first during moderate exercise, and motor units serving glycolytic fibers are recruited later and during more severe exercise [ 1 ] . This is in contrast to electrical stimulation of sufficient intensity where all motor units are thought to be activated simultaneously [ 31 ] . The larger regional difference in VEGF mRNA signal after electrical stimulation may be due to the fact that this protocol was more metabolically demanding than the treadmill exercise protocol, or indeed because the rat muscle was hypoxic during electrical stimulation.
Now, if we perform the same exercise using the actual FY 1998 First-Class and Standard A volume figures of 101.
It is important to continue emphasis on dietary, exercise, and lifestyle modifications in addition to pharmacotherapy.
However, there may be cause for some optimism for the average mortal, since endurance exercise training in healthy humans leads to fiber-type specific increases in the abundance of PGC-1 and PPAR-α protein in skeletal muscle (Russell et al.
Some of the most comprehensive and sophisticated human PBPKs have been developed to describe the pharmacokinetics of volatile toxic solvents such as toluene [ 32 44 45 ] , styrene [ 46 47 ] , and methyl chloride [ 48 ] . The most involved models incorporate several different fat and muscle compartments with different flows and allow for changes with time in the blood flows as the subject's exercise level varies [ 45 47 48 ] . These studies have also introduced a Bayesian approach to determine the population distribution of the PBPK parameters [ 45 47 ] . PKQuest cannot complete with these PBPKs for this class of solutes.
The exercise of professional judgment allows the auditor to obtain reasonable assurance that material misstatements or significant inaccuracies in data will be detected if they exist.
Resting blood flow and post exercise hyperemia was similar in elderly compared to younger subjects [ 20 ] . Blood flow responses to single limb exercise have also been preserved in older individuals [ 21 22 ] . Discrepancies in aging effects on muscle blood flow may be due to the use of active [ 18 ] or inactive subjects [ 13 ] . In addition, it is not clear whether the age related changes in blood flow were a result of reduced cardiac output during whole body exercise or reduced local vascular capacity.
This is because social insurance taxes, like other taxes, are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment.
A six-week exercise and education program produced a total drop in 8 FIQ subscales of 2.4 points [ 22 ] ; these same subscales in this study decreased by 23.
However, LSC, in the proper exercise of its statutory authority, may sometimes reject a state plan as insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning and substitute a reconfiguration plan adjudged to better maximize effective and efficient delivery of high quality legal services.
FAA: No, this is not an exercise, not a test.
SEMG MF has been proved to be a reliable descriptor of the muscle fatigue evolution [ 3 5 6 15 16 ] in the isometric exercise.
Exercise planners also assumed that the aircraft would originate from outside the United States, allowing time to identify the target and scramble interceptors.
Resting blood flow and post exercise hyperemia was similar in elderly compared to younger subjects [ 20 ] . Blood flow responses to single limb exercise have also been preserved in older individuals [ 21 22 ] . Discrepancies in aging effects on muscle blood flow may be due to the use of active [ 18 ] or inactive subjects [ 13 ] . In addition, it is not clear whether the age related changes in blood flow were a result of reduced cardiac output during whole body exercise or reduced local vascular capacity.
At seven years of age, she has exhibited fatigue, exercise intolerance and palpitations as the main features of abnormal mitochondrial energy metabolism.
But understanding taste is not just an academic exercise.
By investigating how such behaviors change for different parameter sets— an exercise referred to as “exploring the parameter space”—one starts to assemble a comprehensive picture of all the kinds of behaviors a network can produce.
, on many questions concerning diet and exercise); however, this does not mean that RCTs are completely independent of basic science.
Another successful approach is to teach one concept, such as data collection, at a time, allowing time in between for nursing home staff to apply the concept in either a mock workshop exercise, or as a real-life exercise at their own facility.
Previous studies demonstrate that an acute bout of exercise or electrical stimulation is sufficient to significantly upregulate total VEGF mRNA levels in rat and human skeletal muscle within 1 hour [ 10 12 15 19 ] . We have replicated these previous findings by showing (through Northern analysis) that 1 hr. of treadmill running or electrical stimulation induces an approximately 3.5-fold upregulation in VEGF mRNA in rat gastrocnemius muscle (Figure 2and 3).
The patient is started on an exercise and weight loss program, sent for nutritional counseling, and scheduled for a return clinic appointment for three months later.
, endurance exercise training), loading state (e.g.
Hypoxia has been demonstrated to upregulate VEGF independent of exercise [ 10 ] , although in this case we would have expected higher total VEGF levels by Northern analysis in the electrically stimulated muscles, and this was not the case (Figures 2and 3).
For the exercise protocol, 6 rats were first familiarized with a rodent treadmill (Omnipacer model LC-4, Omnitech, Columbus, OH), and then required to run for 1 hour at 20-35 m/min on an incline of 10°.
Another major impact of exercise on lipids is that it lowers triglyceride levels [ 19 ] . However, exercises exert a minor impact on the LDL-cholesterol and to a lesser extend, total cholesterol.
Some patients not willing to commence exercise or stop smoking were willing users of nutritional supplements, despite the convincing evidence of benefit for the former and less evidence for the latter.
Subjects were classified as active if they reported participating in 40 minutes of moderate intensity exercise at least three times a week for the previous six months.
1°C for at least part of the 90 min exercise.
Our results are consistent with others which have reported no age-related changes in maximal flow capacity after exercise [ 20 21 22 ] . A strength of this study was that maximal blood flow capacity was normalized to estimated lean muscle mass, to correct for age-related decreases in muscle mass [ 2 ] .
Resting blood flow and post exercise hyperemia was similar in elderly compared to younger subjects [ 20 ] . Blood flow responses to single limb exercise have also been preserved in older individuals [ 21 22 ] . Discrepancies in aging effects on muscle blood flow may be due to the use of active [ 18 ] or inactive subjects [ 13 ] . In addition, it is not clear whether the age related changes in blood flow were a result of reduced cardiac output during whole body exercise or reduced local vascular capacity.
Much of our early understanding of the plasticity of skeletal muscle has been derived from studies undertaken by exercise physiologists (e.g.
For assumptions of exercise planners, see Paul Goddard and Ken Merchant interview (Mar.
Data presented in Table 1show the normalized mean VEGF mRNA signal in oxidative versus glycolytic muscle regions from rats after 1 hour of treadmill exercise, rats after 1 hour of electrical stimulation, and control rat muscle (neither exercise or electrical stimulation).
Fatigue is also associated with higher amplitudes of the SEMG signal toward the end of the exercise [ 3 5 6 ] . It has been shown that, in sustained motor tasks, changes at different levels, including motoneural discharge behaviour, develop before an endurance limit is reached, phenomenon called 'central fatigue' [ 7 8 ] . Central and peripheral fatigue develop together, and have to be seen not as a result, but as complementary elements of a complex strategy striving to insure the optimality of the motor behavior within the framework of available resources.
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to assess treatment effect of pimobendan on exercise capacity in patients with chronic heart failure [ 3 ] . 'The primary pre-specified analysis of exercise time was limited to those patients who had at least the first follow up (four-week) exercise test carried out and had shown good compliance up to the day of the test.
These changes underlined the importance of low-saturated diet consumption (<7% of total fat) and physical exercise.
Inactivity has been associated with impaired efficiency of peripheral oxygen extraction [ 32 ] and reduced blood flow after cuff ischemia [ 33 ] . Conversely, exercise training results in greater maximal flow capacity [ 31 34 ] . Regular aerobic exercise also prevents the age-associated loss in endothelium dependent vasodilation maintaining maximal flow capacity [ 9 ] . Our findings support previous research that maximal flow capacity is maintained by aerobic exercise and is independent of age.
The report asked recipients to"exercise extreme vigilance" and "report suspicious activities" to the FBI.
The results of this exercise are plotted in Fig.
A 1998 White House tabletop exercise chaired by Richard Clarke included a scenario in which a terrorist group loaded a Learjet with explosives and took off for a suicide mission to Washington.
Moreover, I can recommend it to Japanese students not only as an introduction to evolution, but also as an exercise in reading a well-written and engaging English text.
The exercise took 20 minutes; it would have cost him about $800 if he had relied on a lawyer, he said. "
For me, whistleblowing is not a theoretical exercise.
But the evidence that mental exercise per se can increase cognitive reserve and stave off dementia is weaker.
Dodson, 454 U. S. 312, 321-322 (1981) (holding that a public defender does not act "under color of state law" because he "works under canons of professional responsibility that mandate his exercise of independent judgment on behalf of the client" and because there is an "assumption that counsel will be free of state control").
Also, the control loops involving Ia, Ib afferents are responsible for the occurrence of certain peaks within the output force in the isometric exercise, and others are due to the activation from higher levels [ 3 ] .
• An RCT of patients in a home-exercise program using transtelephonic exercise monitoring compared to a hospital-based program improved cardiac function by a similar amount [ 32 ] . (One caveat of this study was that it had such low statistical power that it would not be likely to detect any difference between the two interventions in efficacy or in complications even if they existed.)
The presence of occupational exercise was recorded but it was not taken into account for the analysis due to difficulties in evaluation and standardization.
In exercise, either σ ult, B and σ ult, L is not significantly affected, or they both may increase without significant relative changes.
In contrast, other studies have found age-related changes in resting blood flow which have been attributed to increases in sympathetic tone [ 19 30 ] . Aging has been associated with reduced blood flow and vascular conductance during whole body exercise [ 18 ] . The reduction in blood flow and conductance have been related to alterations in cardiac output and blood volume due to aging [ 23 ] . Several of our resting blood flow variables approached significance (p values below 0.10) indicating that our results may have been significant with a larger sample size.
(blood flukes), affects over 250 million people in the tropical world [2], and a recent meta-analysis showed that the disease is significantly associated with anemia, chronic pain, diarrhea, exercise intolerance, and undernutrition [3].
When a patient's clinical status has reached a terminal disease progression stage (such as New York Heart Association class IV) and they are unable to perform exercise testing, as in Example 3, the exercise time should also be equal to zero seconds, and not simply regarded as missing data.
Notably, vocal cord dysfunction was diagnosed by laryngoscopy in 5 of the patients, while in the remaining patients it was diagnosed based on symptoms such as inspiratory stridor with exercise, and/or blunting of the inspiratory loop during pulmonary function testing.
This comparison shows that education and exercise are not as an effective intervention as this dietary intervention.
Aging has been associated with decreased function and exercise performance [ 1 2 ] . Decreased exercise performance has been related to decreased oxidative capacity [ 3 4 ] and decreased muscle mass [ 4 ] . Vascular alterations in structure and function due to aging could also contribute to decreased exercise performance through impaired blood flow [ 5 ] . Decreased capillary density [ 6 ] and a thickening of vascular walls [ 7 ] are present with aging.
Because that determination was not contested here, the Court in the exercise of its discretion and prudential judgment declines to address it.
Translating Knowledge of Exercise Biology to Novel Therapeutics
Our study revealed that even medium exercise is adequate to increase HDL-cholesterol levels, in women.
In addition, an understanding of the molecular signaling events that drive the beneficial effects of exercise on human physiology could foster the development of novel drugs, devices, or biological agents designed to substitute for exercise.
During exercise, slow twitch motor units serving oxidative fibers are recruited first during moderate exercise, and motor units serving glycolytic fibers are recruited later and during more severe exercise [ 1 ] . This is in contrast to electrical stimulation of sufficient intensity where all motor units are thought to be activated simultaneously [ 31 ] . The larger regional difference in VEGF mRNA signal after electrical stimulation may be due to the fact that this protocol was more metabolically demanding than the treadmill exercise protocol, or indeed because the rat muscle was hypoxic during electrical stimulation.
Contributions by private employers are in the nature of taxes; i.e., compulsory payments demanded by the Government through the exercise of its power to compel payment.
The payments made by Federal employees are in the nature of taxes, compulsory payments demanded by the Government through the exercise of its power to compel payment.
That determination was not discussed in the briefs of either party or otherwise contested here, and in the exercise of our discretion and prudential judgment we decline to address it.
Another report found changes on positron emission tomography scanning following two weeks of a comprehensive memory program that included memory training, special diet, physical exercise, and stress reduction [13].
Both temperatures fell exponentially with rest after exercise.
Also, the intension and the duration of physical exercise were taken into account.
As with other types of internal controls, this is a cycle of activity, not an exercise with a defined beginning and end.
16 In the new position in this exercise, Pws will be lower and D will be higher.
Currently, managers are focused more on the annual exercise of obtaining funding needed to keep their programs viable and alive.
Aging has been associated with decreased function and exercise performance [ 1 2 ] . Decreased exercise performance has been related to decreased oxidative capacity [ 3 4 ] and decreased muscle mass [ 4 ] . Vascular alterations in structure and function due to aging could also contribute to decreased exercise performance through impaired blood flow [ 5 ] . Decreased capillary density [ 6 ] and a thickening of vascular walls [ 7 ] are present with aging.
BDNF production is activity dependent [ 11 15 ] Muscle activity is required to maintain BDNF mRNA levels in rat soleus muscle [ 16 17 ] . Vigorous exercise increases BDNF mRNA levels above baseline [ 17 ] . Neuromuscular blockade in culture also decreases BDNF mRNA levels.
We investigated whether military preparations for the large-scale exercise compromised the military's response to the real-world terrorist attack on 9/11.
Without clear and compelling answers to these second order questions, the debate about the first order questions will be an exercise in futility.
“Give up smoking, lose weight, don't drive when drunk, install a smoke detector, take regular exercise,” suggests Vaupel, who insists he does them all, as well as taking vitamin supplements.
In the present study we used a 1 hr. treadmill exercise protocol or a 1 hr. electrical stimulation protocol to upregulate total VEGF mRNA production in rat gastrocnemius muscle.
Exercise training increases cardiac output during exercise and increases skeletal muscle blood flow in response to reactive hyperemia [ 23 ] . Arterial diameters [ 19 24 ] , capillary density [ 5 25 ] , vascular reactivity [ 26 27 ] , and endothelial function [ 9 28 ] are improved with training and reduced with inactivity.
Obviously, some obese individuals are unfit and become breathless on exercise.
The revenue from forfeiture is nonexchange revenue, because the Government seizes the property through the exercise of its power.
If subsequent tests were not performed, whatever the reason, or performed although compliance between tests had been poor, the last exercise time value obtained while compliance was good was carried forward.
al reviewed the role of estrogen in treating reproductive-related mood disorders [ 11 ] . Exercise, stress-reduction techniques, St. John's Wort, and acupuncture have been suggested as potential therapies without definitive evidence for significant benefit [ 12 ] . In 2000 Corral et.
Marine Corps exercise in Jordan was halted.U.S.
Both education and leisure activities are imperfect measures of mental exercise.
The Government collects these amounts through the exercise of its power to compel payment.
Westerterp and his colleagues have reported two observations: first, that general activity contributes more to energy consumption than “aerobic exercise” does and second, that many subjects who initiate an exercise program (such as a twice weekly visit to the gym) overcompensate so that they actually decrease overall activity [23].
With the exception of the exercise protocol, these rats were handled in an identical manner to the exercised rats.
Specifically, for several outcomes among the monozygotic twins, especially average systolic and diastolic blood pressure, post-load glucose, and physical exercise, variability was greatest among twin pairs in which both had fewer than 4 y of college, intermediate among discordant pairs, and least among those where both had 4 y of college or more.
The subjects classified as inactive reported no regular physical exercise.
The exercise in table 2.1 describes a job we might be asked to do and a design for it and asks you to decide whether or not this is a case study.
VEGF is a 45 kDA heparin-binding homodimeric glycoprotein with a predominant specificity to vascular endothelial cells [ 4 5 6 7 ] . Recent investigations demonstrate that VEGF increases vascular permeability [ 4 ] , endothelial cell proliferation in vitro [ 8 ] , and angiogenesis in vivo [ 9 ] . We have previously demonstrated that VEGF mRNA is upregulated in rat gastrocnemius muscle following 1 hour of acute submaximal treadmill exercise [ 10 ] , in dog gastrocnemius muscle following 1 hour of electrical stimulation [ 11 ] , and in human vastus lateralis following 30 min of one-legged knee extension exercise at 50% maximal capacity [ 12 ] . Other studies show similar upregulation of VEGF mRNA in chronically electrically stimulated rat skeletal muscle [ 13 14 ] , and in human vastus lateralis following 45 min of one-legged knee extension exercise [ 15 ] .
This suggests that profound exercise can increase regional temperature to levels that could potentially induce ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and force suppression.
By seeking to prohibit the analysis of certain legal issues and to truncate presentation to the courts, the enactment under review prohibits speech and expression upon which courts must depend for the proper exercise of the judicial power.
Moreover, these excise taxes, like other taxes, are determined through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment.
This exclusion may confound our findings, but the large sample size and the applied randomised procedure can spread the subjects who reported occupational exercise equally in both groups of the study.
Oxygen delivery after exercise has been found to be similar between healthy active older and younger subjects [ 35 ] . It was expected, however, that oxygen delivery would be different between the active and inactive individuals.
Under international law, discrimination need not be intentional nor de jure (in law) to constitute a violation of various relevant treaties, but merely needs to have the “effect of nullifying or impairing the equal enjoyment or exercise” of rights (paragraph 11 of [20]).
Exercise training increases cardiac output during exercise and increases skeletal muscle blood flow in response to reactive hyperemia [ 23 ] . Arterial diameters [ 19 24 ] , capillary density [ 5 25 ] , vascular reactivity [ 26 27 ] , and endothelial function [ 9 28 ] are improved with training and reduced with inactivity.
Based on findings from questionnaires, patient interviews and testing, specific recommendations were made to some individuals regarding the following: recreational and occupational noise exposure; medications; diet; exercise; employment; socialization; acoustic therapy.
We found that the response was, if anything, expedited by the increased number of staff at the sectors and at NORAD because of the scheduled exercise.
Because CCLS is not part of the class Congress sought to benefit in enacting the LSCA, we must conclude that Congress did not intend to imply a private cause of action by CCLS to challenge the LSC's exercise of its statutory and regulatory duties.
What do we know about basic muscle and exercise biology?
When a patient's clinical status has reached a terminal disease progression stage (such as New York Heart Association class IV) and they are unable to perform exercise testing, as in Example 3, the exercise time should also be equal to zero seconds, and not simply regarded as missing data.
These general standards encompass the independence of the audit organization and its individual auditors; the exercise of professional judgment in the performance of work and the preparation of related reports; the competence of audit staff, including their continuing professional education; and the existence of quality control systems and external peer reviews.
Decreased leg blood flow and vascular conductance are present in elderly compared to young subjects during whole body exercise [ 18 ] and in response to reactive hyperemia [ 13 ] . Decreased basal limb blood flow was related to increased vasoconstriction in the elderly compared to younger individuals [ 19 ] . However, not all studies have shown age related changes in blood flow.
Listed reasons (and number of patients) for missing exercise time data at 24 weeks were: 'exercise test not done due to death' (n = 30), 'exercise testing contraindicated' (n = 9), and 'exercise test not done for other reasons' (n = 10).
Inactivity has been associated with impaired efficiency of peripheral oxygen extraction [ 32 ] and reduced blood flow after cuff ischemia [ 33 ] . Conversely, exercise training results in greater maximal flow capacity [ 31 34 ] . Regular aerobic exercise also prevents the age-associated loss in endothelium dependent vasodilation maintaining maximal flow capacity [ 9 ] . Our findings support previous research that maximal flow capacity is maintained by aerobic exercise and is independent of age.
Because many questions required the recall of adolescent factors, the interview used three memory tools developed during the pilot phase of this study: a visualization exercise, a magnetic memory board, and photographs of girls at various stages of development in a variety of social settings.
--Taxes (including customs duties) are levied through the exercise of the power of the Government to compel payment.
Thirdly, the underscored health risk behaviors were tobacco use, weight control, dietary intake, and exercise.
It would be a silly and pointless exercise to evaluate evidence in light of a theory we believe to be false.)
Tonic patterns of activity, in contrast, would not only promote the mobilization of extracellular calcium but also increase the number of store-operated calcium channels with each bout of exercise.
During the course of this exercise many improvements and capabilities were made to the software, culminating in a well-exercised code-base for Apollo.
Many fire and police agencies that responded had extensive prior experience working together on regional events and training exercises.
It is widely accepted that exercise affects blood cholesterol and other lipids in a positive way, by regulating the metabolism of all lipids in the blood.
NEADS: Is this real-world or exercise?
Three types of evidence are cited to support the idea that mental exercise can improve one's chances of escaping Alzheimer disease.
With no other information (for the purpose of this exercise), if fewer than 14 case studies were to be made, selecting states typical in size such as Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, and Indiana would make sense.
Listed reasons (and number of patients) for missing exercise time data at 24 weeks were: 'exercise test not done due to death' (n = 30), 'exercise testing contraindicated' (n = 9), and 'exercise test not done for other reasons' (n = 10).
In addition, an understanding of the molecular signaling events that drive the beneficial effects of exercise on human physiology could foster the development of novel drugs, devices, or biological agents designed to substitute for exercise.
Interestingly, is that the adoption of Mediterranean diet by physically active people is associated with much higher reduction of the odds of developing acute coronary event, than diet or exercise achieve alone.
Many individuals who otherwise would develop diabetes or cardiovascular disease would benefit if advances in exercise biology revealed novel measures to promote the favorable effects on insulin sensitivity, lipoprotein metabolism, and blood pressure that are known to accrue through regular physical activity.
The former have a high oxidative capacity and high demand for O 2 delivery, while the latter have a lower oxidative capacity and a reduced demand for O 2 [ 17 ] . Studies of mixed muscle show greater capillarity and/or higher rates of blood flow during exercise in regions composed primarily of oxidative fibers compared to regions with a high proportion of glycolytic fibers [ 24 25 26 27 28 ] . Thus, the regional difference observed in VEGF signal may be related to differences in innate fiber phenotype.
Comparing this estimate of the arriving shift volume to the leaving shift volume, and assuming the shifting volume went from the basic price (which does not change in this exercise) to a "price" equal to the sum of the new workshare price and the user cost, I found that the implied elasticity of the growth of the shifting volume was generally in the neighborhood of -2.
All individuals have different capacities to perform aerobic or anaerobic exercise, partly depending on their muscle fiber composition.
It brings additional evidence on the central fatigue and provides means of quantifying the fatigue development in the isometric exercise.
Long the province of physiologists who have contributed valuable insights in past decades, exercise science more recently has attracted the attention of molecular biologists, who have recognized the biological interest and medical importance of this field.
2 %/sec [ 9 ] . This study showed 60 % ligament tearing in the control group, 44% ligament tearing and 39% bony avulsion with 8 weeks of immobilization, 45 % ligament tearing and 36% bony avulsion from an exercise group, and 65 % ligament tearing from a reconditioning group [ 9 ] .
For purposes of this exercise, there are at least seven categories of costs and four benefits that might be reviewed.
The third type of evidence suggesting that mental exercise may help to prevent Alzheimer disease comes from neurobiology studies that show greater brain complexity in those with higher levels of mental activity.
Congress cannot recast a condition on funding as a mere definition of its program in every case, lest the First Amendment be reduced to a simple semantic exercise.
They were told that not only the threat reports from abroad but also the recent convictions in the East Africa bombings trial, the conviction of Ahmed Ressam, and the just-returned KhobarTowers indictments reinforced the need to "exercise extreme vigilance."
' Two hundred and forty of the 317 randomized patients had exercise test done with good compliance at four, 12, and 24 weeks.
This exercise has served to build credibility and help demonstrate the value that IT adds to the organization.
This validation exercise further illustrates the ability of large, simple trials to answer important public health questions requiring large sample sizes and to grapple with unexpected results in a responsible and meaningful manner.
Inactivity has been associated with impaired efficiency of peripheral oxygen extraction [ 32 ] and reduced blood flow after cuff ischemia [ 33 ] . Conversely, exercise training results in greater maximal flow capacity [ 31 34 ] . Regular aerobic exercise also prevents the age-associated loss in endothelium dependent vasodilation maintaining maximal flow capacity [ 9 ] . Our findings support previous research that maximal flow capacity is maintained by aerobic exercise and is independent of age.
In the bariatric clinic at Behavioral Medicine Center for Treatment and Research (BMedCTR) in Portland, Oregon, among the patients who failed, a subset was observed to have unusual difficulty adhering to diet and exercise plans, and as a result lost less fat mass than typically occurs.
This may be related to the small number of control muscles processed, or with fundamental differences between the exercise and electrical stimulation protocols.
Intensive lifestyle modifications such as exercise and weight loss should be made to improve cholesterol, blood pressure, and other cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors [2].
As with other types of internal controls, this is a cycle of activity, not an exercise with a defined beginning and end.
This may translated to a reduction in the risk for developing atherosclerosis [ 1 ] . How much exercise is required to increase HDL-cholesterol levels and improve the overall lipid profile?
In 1998, Clarke chaired an exercise designed to highlight the inadequacy of the solution.
We then conducted an all-against-all homology modelling exercise where every member of the family was modelled on every other template (resulting in 29 and 60 models for each member of the globin and immunoglobulin families respectively).
, resistance exercise training), substrate availability (e.g.
Under anaerobic conditions (insufficient oxygen supply to the working muscles), energy is produced via the glycolytic pathway, which results in lactate accumulation and in turn limits anaerobic exercise.
HCFA found that notice and comment procedures were unnecessary with respect to this regulatory change since it did not involve an exercise of agency discretion.
In some patients, subjective relief may also be associated with a measurable increase in exercise tolerance and mobility [ 50 51 ] .
At the time diagnoses had been made, a behavior was not considered a symptom of ADHD if occurring only in association with obesity treatment, for example, trouble adhering to diet or exercise plans.
Using proportions simplifies the illustration, but the idea can easily be conveyed to the estimation of continuous data as well, such as BP, exercise time, hemodynamic measures, and lipoprotein levels.
It has been shown that those who decrease their fat intake through dieting, but maintain an active exercise program, note an increase in HDL-cholesterol levels [ 1 19 ] . Thus, if we use the above example, one can easily realize the benefits of reducing cholesterol through dieting while HDL-cholesterol are maintained.
It is clear that VEGF mRNA levels are elevated over resting after both 1 hour of treadmill exercise and 1 hour of electrical stimulation.
GOVERNMENTAL RECEIPTS - Collections from the public that result primarily from the exercise of the Government's sovereign or governmental powers.
Exercises were conducted to counter this threat, but they were not based on actual intelligence.
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to assess treatment effect of pimobendan on exercise capacity in patients with chronic heart failure [ 3 ] . 'The primary pre-specified analysis of exercise time was limited to those patients who had at least the first follow up (four-week) exercise test carried out and had shown good compliance up to the day of the test.
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to assess treatment effect of pimobendan on exercise capacity in patients with chronic heart failure [ 3 ] . 'The primary pre-specified analysis of exercise time was limited to those patients who had at least the first follow up (four-week) exercise test carried out and had shown good compliance up to the day of the test.
Listed reasons (and number of patients) for missing exercise time data at 24 weeks were: 'exercise test not done due to death' (n = 30), 'exercise testing contraindicated' (n = 9), and 'exercise test not done for other reasons' (n = 10).
Aging has been associated with decreased function and exercise performance [ 1 2 ] . Decreased exercise performance has been related to decreased oxidative capacity [ 3 4 ] and decreased muscle mass [ 4 ] . Vascular alterations in structure and function due to aging could also contribute to decreased exercise performance through impaired blood flow [ 5 ] . Decreased capillary density [ 6 ] and a thickening of vascular walls [ 7 ] are present with aging.
For the 2001 Positive Force 01 exercise, see DOD briefing (Apr.
Westerterp and his colleagues have reported two observations: first, that general activity contributes more to energy consumption than “aerobic exercise” does and second, that many subjects who initiate an exercise program (such as a twice weekly visit to the gym) overcompensate so that they actually decrease overall activity [23].
Cardiovascular diseases, a major health concern in industrialized countries [ 1 2 3 4 ] , include vasculopathies such as atherosclerosis [ 5 ] and autoimmune vascular diseases such as lupus [ 6 ] , graft versus host disease [ 7 ] , and systemic sclerosis [ 8 ] . Many factors are involved in the development and progression of these diseases including lifestyle (diet, smoking, and lack of physical exercise); genes, and environment [ 1 2 3 4 ] . Also, infectious agents, including both bacterial (Chlamydia) [ 9 10 ] , and viral (CMV) [ 11 12 ] , have been implicated.
The SEMG signal is a convenient mean to study the muscle behavior under fatiguing exercise, as it proves time-dependent changes, provided care is taken to prevent cross talk from adjacent muscles.
Both treadmill exercise and muscle electrical stimulation protocols were used to initiate the total VEGF mRNA response in rat skeletal muscle.
Another successful approach is to teach one concept, such as data collection, at a time, allowing time in between for nursing home staff to apply the concept in either a mock workshop exercise, or as a real-life exercise at their own facility.
Traditionally, the danger to any management reform is that it can become a hollow, paper-driven exercise.
well i'm sort of an exercise fanatic i'm big on swimming
Nevertheless, the wealth of experience we gained, as well as the tools we developed in the process of reannotating the Drosophila genome, will be a valuable resource to any group wishing to undertake a similar exercise.
he does lots of you know he's he's he's fast moving with them they'll do this exercise they'll do that they'll do this they'll do that he keeps them moving quick enough that you know when they stop losing attention they start you know they're the all of a sudden they're switched
Until 9/11, few Saudis would have considered government oversight of charitable donations necessary; many would have perceived it as interference in the exercise of their faith.
i enjoy that and that and i i think i use that as a phase of of my exercise program yeah
Collections are classified as follows:-- Budget receipts or off-budget receipts are collections from the public based on the government's exercise of its sovereign powers, including collections from participants in compulsory social insurance programs.
no i don't i don't get as much exercise as i as i should as or or as i would like to uh
None of them was involved in any type of regular exercise program involving strenuous activity.
well the boys think it's fun plus you get your exercise and you you do get to stop once in a while when there is a can to rest so but
Reversible change of endothelial cell shape, mutual orientation of cells in certain directions, changes in intercellular contacts, are controlled by a number of factors, such as, cooperative stimulation of the receptors or the systems of second messengers [ 32, 33], dietary ingredients, e.g., retinoids [ 34], exercise [ 35, 36], and fluid-imposed shear stress [ 37, 38, 39].
but i think that uh exercise i think everyone needs exercise
This paper exercise involved a scenario in which a group of terrorists commandeered a Learjet on the ground in Atlanta, loaded it with explosives, and flew it toward a target in Washington, D.C.
um last summer i was a a swim instructor all all summer and and lifeguard so it was really easy for me to get quite a bit of exercise swimming and
Greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode, intensity, and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits (e.g.
its just so expensive and you know this little exercise we did this week with out daughter we just cringed it just
Weight or weight change are sometimes used as the outcome in evaluations of interventions such as diet or exercise programs.
uh it do you you obviously are are not an exercise buff or else you'd be out there doing it
Greater knowledge of how cells and tissues are modified in response to recurring bouts of exercise provides a basis for more precise recommendations as to the mode, intensity, and amount of exercise required to produce specific health benefits (e.g.
it's just a put off i don't know why i don't do more and i and i know that it's good for my health i know you know from everything that you read and you see on television now exercise is so important to good health
Traditionally, the danger to any management reform is that it can become a hollow, paper-driven exercise where management improvement initiatives are not integrated into the day-to-day activities of the organization.
i don't Vinny i'm a a CPA and this time of year i'm dang busy but uh i do do a lot of exercise in the spring and summer and in the fall
but uh yeah i need to start jogging again i've always found that to be uh uh really one of the best forms of exercise but it's terribly boring and so i really don't ever keep a a program up consistently
all right i guess this is a great time to talk about fitness with everybody and their New Year's resolutions and going out and getting their recor regular exercise program um do you recor exercise regularly
you have to you have to do it correctly it's you know it's like an exercise in itself but a lot of people uh strain themselves doing it
of the exercise program you have
um it seems to have so many other benefits you know besides just the exercise
and it doesn't deal with just exercise or just stress management or just diet or anything it it's
i you know i was a solid weight trainer and all i did was weights and anaerobic exercise and then my wife got me into the aerobic exercise said you really need to do it so
and uh that wasn't too bad i it was good exercise
but um i guess the bicycling is the one thing i'll sort of like do if i feel like i need to go exercise um but i do it mostly for fun
and when you want to do it it's really really aggravating you know it it's one thing to get motivated to start doing the exercise and it's another thing to to already
so i have an exercise bike at home but i don't use it it just kind of sits there in the corner
i mean i don't have a problem with weight either but i think i don't have a problem because i exercise you know i mean people are always saying to me how do you stay thin and it's because i exercise but i also watch what i eat
well yeah if it's exercise it's a task i don't want to do anything i have to do
okay what kind of exercise do you do or do you do any
oh no we go ourselves a lot of time we'll walk just to get in the exercise uh depending on how the weather is if it's too hot or something then we'll then we'll ride but we we just like you know getting outdoors and
well um i have a a a former exercise program i'm a graduate student and this semester i'll tell you what i it's been almost impossible for me to get you know back to regular exercise
i am nervous in Dallas i mean i you know i mean i go to like an aerobics class or something you know i um seventy women in your average size exercise class in a public um parks and rec building and you are supposed to feel safe but then there are all these
it's it's kind of kept me from getting cabin fever and um has seemed to be a real nice aerobic exercise
doing this exercise
i just feel good whenever i exercise feel so much better i'm getting ready to go skiing
or uh exercise program course it shows getting a little bit heavier but uh i have a hard time going out and running though that's that's pretty difficult for me to do i don't know why but
it is it's aerobics but it's with dance steps it's an aerobic exercise and it's an hour straight and it's just um it's a lot of fun i feel like i'm not just exercising
that one of the most important thing about enjoying your exercise and getting it regularly just to have it in your life style like and not be like
sure yeah that makes a difference when you have somebody to go with and to do the same the same thing like it's misery loves company i don't really love exercise i mean some i the neighbor across the street she goes belongs to President's and
okay Martin do you do any exercise
um good exercise and some of the desired results but you you're doing it for fun
i don't very often do things for the sake of exercise i don't feel well unless i am exercising and i try to do things that involve exercise but i very rarely do things
the main thing i guess for me is just to enjoy it because once it starts seeming like you know exercise and a chore i'll lay off of it more
well is there anything else about exercise we can talk about
and i understand that walking is suppose to be like the best exercise better than running things like that because it it works everything and it gets your breathing up and it it doesn't
well you know i have noticed too that uh uh when i started the exercise uh not the exercise but the walking program uh that i did tone up you know like all over but it didn't get the upper part of my body and uh so
let's see oh i tried exercise classes and i never would go we find we joined exercising
the uh swimming they say uses more muscles than any other exercise with
you do what type of exercise do you do
no we don't that's on our wish list one of these days but that's how we get our exercise is get out there with the mower and
um but but i just you know more or less stuck to like an exercise bike and that kind of thing um
yeah i do walk some too my wife's about five months along so she's been walking quite a bit so that that is a good exercise for that
it's kind of a vicious circle isn't it yeah i find too that i have more energy when i exercise and i and uh you know it's silly not to but i don't know
But it was a necessary exercise.
Like when we got to go outside to the exercise yard."
Vascular function is altered with aging and may influence muscle blood flow and exercise performance.
This month we are beginning a yearlong strategic planning exercise that will result in a shared vision and mission for the School as well as a set of strategies for achieving our goals.
“Good sleep, healthy eating habits, and regular exercise each may have important roles in fighting obesity in modern society,” suggests Mignot.
you know my family time in conjunction with my exercise time exercise program and uh we really seem to enjoy that
It’s an excellent focal point, giving new visitors an easy reference to establish their location; it’s a spectacular vantage point for many of the city’s great landmarks; and its bridges and quays offer history, entertainment, shopping… and exercise.
This was sufficient for the state to bar her admission, and the Supreme Court, with only one justice dissenting, thought this was an acceptable exercise of state power.
There is one person with whom I have a fairly regular postal mail correspondence, and that is because we are both trying to make a literary exercise of our writing to each other and he, alas, does not have e-mail.
In our data, we found that the odds ratio of high levels of self-reported exercise (>7 h/wk), based on a single survey question, decreased with increased sleep time, but controlling for this variable also did not change our findings (analyses not shown).
when you uh exercise what do you do do you do it at home or a club or
In the very early morning the park is taken over by people doing tai-chi exercises.
38 The purpose was to restore the earlier jurisprudence of the Court and “to provide a claim or defense to persons whose religious exercise is substantially burdened by government.”
Part II: HELPFUL HINTS is a partial answer key for the exercises in the COMMON ROOTS and provides the meaning and etymology of one root per exercise word.
Listed reasons (and number of patients) for missing exercise time data at 24 weeks were: 'exercise test not done due to death' (n = 30), 'exercise testing contraindicated' (n = 9), and 'exercise test not done for other reasons' (n = 10).
okay um i um find exercise kind of a task i guess i'd say i go to aerobics two days a week but i also have three kids at home so they keep me pretty busy
What makes the exhibition truly dreary, however, is the pretense that it's daring, when really it's an exercise in intellectual conformity.
The place to be seen is the Hilton Hotel, which (in common with most Budapest casinos) offers French and American roulette, blackjack, poker, punto banco, baccarat and, to clear you of loose change and give you a bit of exercise, slot machines.
The idea was put aside in the early planning of the exercise as too much of a distraction from the main focus (war in Korea), and as too unrealistic.
play basketball ride bikes that's my exercise part of my hobbies i guess
It is undeniable that the word-stock of a language can be derived from a vast corpus of its writing and speech to produce a dictionary; a grammar can be likewise derived, but such exercises are rare and are usually confined to work on dead languages.
Most international hotels maintain full-service fitness centers with exercise machines, saunas, indoor swimming pools, and other facilities such as tennis courts, with day rates for non-guests.
Exercise.
but i guess my main exercise right now is probably golf
If only Klein weren't so categorically averse to American health culture, he might allow that a little self-imposed Puritanism now and then--a little punishing exercise here, a little culinary deprivation there--can be a sensual pleasure too, albeit of a different sort.
The garish painting, an exercise in bad judgment and sloppy execution, depicts evolution from an ammonite to a dinosaur to advanced (and presumably socialist) Homo sapiens.
For older adults, health practices that could influence the brain include sound nutrition, sufficient sleep, stress management, treatment of mood or anxiety disorders, good vascular health, physical exercise, and avoidance of head trauma.
well maybe you know maybe not i'd say i'd say at twenty two you don't necessarily need a plan as long as you're getting getting the exercise otherwise
Part II: HELPFUL HINTS is a partial answer key for the exercises in the COMMON ROOTS and provides the meaning and etymology of one root per exercise word.
"We hope to be able to practise all five of our exercises," one of the organizers told the paper.
But even that is not as shocking as the photos all three tabloids have run of Lewinsky in exercise clothes.
Because employers have strong reasons to tailor the training to assure its practical value and to avoid wasting funds on feel-good exercises.
While liberals call this "censorship," conservatives spin it as an affirmation and exercise of freedom.
The studies (noncontroversial, nonpolitical, and in no way intended to affect the impeachment process) found that while moderate exercise does not burn many calories, it is beneficial to the one in four Americans who spend most of their time sitting.
It merely demands a certain and prompt conclusion to the exercise that is acceptable to the United States.
But the novel is a refined exercise.
To work that off, she gets her exercise down at le fitness gym.
A 1996 report on "Physical Activity and Health" by the U.S. Surgeon General complains that "despite common knowledge that exercise is healthful, more than 60 percent of American adults are not regularly active, and 25 percent of the adult population are not active at all."
NATO is planning military exercises in Albania and Macedonia to deter further Serbian aggression against Kosovo . Background: Yugoslav President (read: Serbian strongman) Slobodan Milosevic has launched a military assault on ethnic Albanian rebels who seek Kosovar (read: ethnic Albanian) independence from Yugoslavia.
Murphy's comment seems to be an exercise in evading blame . Rather than saying, "Gosh, I'm sorry," Capt.
One Globe photographer's prayers must have been answered when he followed Brooke Shields and new boyfriend Chris Henchy on what was supposed to be a simple exercise outing.
NATO ministers say the exercises are designed to 1) scare Milosevic and 2) allow NATO to avoid actual military involvement.
Tonight's program focuses on stress, exercise, nutrition and sex with Celtic Scott Wedman, Dr. Ruth Westheimer and Dick Cavett.
After five years or more of such exercise, even if the individual cannot recall the difference between imply and infer , at least it is likely that whenever a choice is encountered a small bell will ring somewhere in the recesses of his mind, recalling a long-forgotten paper for which the grade might have been reduced because of a failure to know the difference.
Indicting him was an exercise in prosecutorial pique, doomed to fail.
Because Felipe is believed to have ordered murders from his cell in a New York prison, he has been kept even more isolated, but a ruling by federal Judge John Martin allows Felipe into the exercise yard.
This analysis is, of course, an absurd exercise, but no more absurd than anything else about today.
The portrait may well be accurate--Naipaul is not a writer with a reputation for warmheartedness--but all that can be concluded from the exercise is that, at best, one monster deserved the other.
"Lace up your walking shoes, stride out to Carolina Place and join us in a form of exercise everyone can enjoy … Mall Walking," says shopcarolinaplace.com (which points out that its concourses are "climate controlled and barrier free").
A bicycle is no longer just a bike; it may now be a ten-speed bike, a mountain bike (now tagged as an ATB , or `allterrain bike'), or a stationary bike (also known as an exercise bike ). The backword in the offing, already used by many, is road bike , though it usually means a ten-speed, which is now used as a noun.
Quilters is a model exercise in branding, that Holy Grail of our times.
Later, Léger would claim he freed himself from Cézanne by means of abstraction; the path-breaking paintings he called "Contrast of Forms" (circa 1913)--fully abstract exercises in funnels, cylinders, and arcs--retain all their vigorous charm.
Nossiter's script about an affair between a homeless man (David Suchet) and a woman (Lisa Harrow) who mistakes him for a British filmmaker is called "elegant" (Daphne Merkin, The New Yorker ), and Suchet is said to give "a virtuoso turn" (John Anderson, the Los Angeles Times ). Dissenting, the New York Times ' Stephen Holden calls the film a formulaic, "overly schematic exercise in cinematic hide-and-seek."
Calling his own film "an exercise in mendacity," Barker goes on, "I'm quite happy to tell lies about my characters and even collude with their self-delusions if it enables me to communicate larger dramatic truths."
, in fact, is antithetical to Bush's educational career, which looks like nothing more than a rote exercise in credentialism.
I think our country deserves a president who, when he makes a mistake, is willing to acknowledge it and willing to learn from it, because I believe that the presidency is not an academic exercise.
Could it be that I should be engaging in a more formal kind of exercise?
The around-the-world balloon race, by contrast, is a nonsensical exercise.
Consult your physician before beginning an exercise program."
Displays of historical costume have always revealed the way fashion-plate chic used to be adapted by clever dressmakers for the beefy or dumpy or flat-chested, but we're now used to thinking that fashionable bodies are molded to fit the mode, with the help of individualized exercise, liposuction, and implants.
Marc gets his exercise by putting on his baskets training shoes and probably un training or un jogging track suit and goes out for un footing a jog.
Part III: SUBJECTS consists of three categories of specialized words and phrases, which are further divided into 36 subjects, each of which, through an illustrative example and a wide selection of exercises entries, provides additional practice in dissecting, analyzing, reconstructing, defining, and providing commentaries for English words.
The NYT reports that the "spirited contests" between candidates isn't enough to spark much enthusiasm for the old-fashioned exercise in democracy: though presidential hopefuls have stumped tirelessly throughout the state (save John McCain, who is skipping Iowa to concentrate on next week's primary in New Hampshire), only one-ninth of registered voters are expected to turn out Monday night to stand up and nominate their candidates.
On some level, I feel the same way about the exercise we've just concluded.
Puppeteering 101 : As an exercise in spin analysis, Culturebox puts this question to you, dear reader: Who looks more like a buffoon in the wake of James Fallows's leaving U.S.
There's the black Heathers category , the most recent exercise being the reportedly awful Jawbreaker . There's the self-referential horror category as manifest in the Scream movies.
Writing, after all, is one of the best forms of exercise, good for body and soul.
For most songwriters after "After The Ball," for everyone from Irving Berlin to Carole King, lyric-writing was an exercise in compression.
Some even maintain that the credit is an exercise in liberal social engineering, intended to pry women away from their children and into the workplace.
You could read Jackson's ruling as essentially implying that Microsoft's monopoly over the PC operating system means that any expansion into other contiguous markets--and most computing markets can still be construed as in some way contiguous to the PC--is an unacceptable exercise of monopoly power, then what kind of business can Microsoft legally pursue?
Fast food, lack of exercise, and especially drug abuse and the breakdown of the extended family are implicated.
The causes: Americans eat more, exercise less, and increasingly tolerate tubbiness.
That prohibitions on establishing religion ensure free exercise is such a simple concept, and yet it's so widely ignored.
William B. Ober's article, “Writing Maketh an Exact Man” [XVIII,2] was enjoyable not just--as in all his work--for its quirky insights and elegant style, but also--uncharacteristically--as an exercise in irony.
Which is the opposite in every way of In the Company of Men , a dazzling, repellent exercise in which the case against men is closed before it's opened.
"We're going to do the Wild One exercise again, Mr. Vice President.
The kicking and punching made for decent exercise, but I wasn't aching the next day.
Weak governors also face limits of one or two terms, making them automatic lame ducks: They tend to govern less independently and exercise less clout with legislatures than strong governors, who, because they can repeatedly succeed themselves, amass more and more political power.
Birch, unlike Clinton, had to give a principled answer--"uh, yes"--at which point Will and Bennett dragged her through the sordid exercise of distinguishing gay marriage from polygamy and incest.
As Freud underlined, playing on the multiple meanings of words is an exercise in thrift: two or more meanings for one word or phrase.
Michiko Kakutani seems downright irritated: "The volume is basically a case of a skilled writer lazily using his sleight of hand to toss off what (with two or three exceptions) are pure exercises in craft" (the New York Times ). (Find out more about author Amis on the New York Times ' "Featured Author" page.)
But quarreling with an exercise like this, while enjoyable, misses the point.
How does Prudie feel about exercise as the road to a trimmer, slimmer you?
Can it be that our exercise in stunt online writing is nearing its conclusion already?
The Disney Exercise Program
Halfway through the run, I tried our next sport-food contestant: Power Gel from PowerBar, a little packet of goo that one is meant to squeeze into one's mouth in the midst of an exercise session.
If the purpose of the whole exercise is to figure out what our social policies should be, then, "Which is more predictive, IQ or socioeconomic status?"
Not long ago, out of curiosity, I picked up some exercise videos by Billy Blanks, the king of Tae-Bo.
In one sense, this has made the exercise of trying to game the Fed easier, since there's more material to go on.
Chocolate Truffle is way too rich to be eating before or during exercise.
What we're witnessing is a wonderful exercise in two-track thinking by the people running U.S. corporations and by the shareholders investing in them.
The official China Daily invoked "legal experts" to justify the government's ban last week on the Falun Gong religious sect, which favors deep-breathing exercises.
And you may even enjoy the exercise.
After days in the sun, and the arduous exercise of building sand castles and going swimming, it made me less angry at the morons who staff the daily papers.
However, obese people given injections of the hormone leptin in a study lost weight proportionate to dosage and lost fat cells only (25 percent of weight loss from diet and exercise is bone and muscle).
The second issue of Talk magazine, Tina Brown and Harvey and Bob Weinstein and Cathleen Black's Wagnerian exercise in Gesamtkunst synergy, has been on newsstands for a week now.
In no one of these can any State ever exercise any power of discrimination between the different races.
As an English teacher and a linguist, and a writer, I've been advocating writing as good mental exercise for as long as I can remember.
I scored each one in several areas: how intimidating the class would be to a novice; how much the exercises worked my muscles; how much of an I got; whether it would develop coordination and balance; how much physical contact with other people was involved; and, of course, its value in self-defense.
It seemed that obese people's only option was a combination of starvation and exercise, while skinny people got to feast and watch television.
Academic success depends on a reputation for cutting-edge research--which typically means either clever mathematical models or ingenious statistical exercises that redefine some important issue or explode some piece of conventional wisdom.
While it is acknowledged that such a method would not work well for books, the idea was that the number of occurrencies of a lemma (a technical though convenient term for the `thing--word or phrase--under study'), multiplied by, say the Audit Bureau of Circulation sworn circulation of a periodical would yield a figure that could legitimately be called its Exposure . Obviously, such a number would be far too large to manipulate readily, so, using a formula familiar to statisticians, it was normalized to produce a simple decimal number of only a few digits which I called the lemma's Exposure Index . The purpose of the exercise was to connect the frequency information with the language as it is used and perceived; in addition, the approach would serve to eliminate from consideration those materials which, though published, were little read, with a consequent low influence on the lexicon.
Back when the natural sciences, philosophy, and theology were one great intellectual hodgepodge, proving the existence of God was a relatively commonplace exercise.
3. We're good exercise.
The main story examines life for homosexuals in America: Gays and lesbians are more accepted, according to polls, and exercise more political power, but right-wing opposition has become more focused.
The NYT makes the point that Livingston, Cox and other members of the Republican House leadership used the Sunday chat shows to politick for their jobs, an unprecedented exercise.
Annas concludes that since there's "no way to know how much of their beauty is a product of their genes, plastic surgery, a makeup artist, or exercise," only a "naive" person would buy their eggs on the basis of the photographs displayed on the site.
It's important to remember, of course, that not engaging in certain kinds of leisure activity (read: exercise) will also kill you; heart disease remains the No. 1 cause of death in the United States.
In retrospect, Clinton appears to have shrewdly pitted the Ickes group against Morris as an exercise in the management style FDR called "creative tension."
You'd think that all this would just add interest--who needs more artificial sunniness from television, anyway?--but Felicity , alas, is no Ingmar Bergman movie, or even a Quentin Tarantino one, and the darkness just turns some delightful teen-age fare into an exercise in viewer masochism.
Comical misogyny, like that underpinning today's question, comes in a variety of forms, none more impressive than The Man Show , a beer-fueled, bikini-clad exercise in frat-boy reassurance that debuts this week on Comedy Central.
And walking is wonderful exercise.
All this in contrast to the stark scene evident everywhere in East Timor, what the LAT calls "the most vicious and thorough scorched-earth exercise that Southeast Asia has seen since World War II."
An Exercise in Microwaveconomics
One is lulled into thinking that these contorted bathers are mere exercises in the handling of pastel, and not the work of, in the poet Paul Valéry's words, "a supremely cruel authority on female contours and poses."
Two hours on the golf course makes a serious dent in the problem of getting some exercise; maybe it's time to see what else in life is worthy of attention.
For example, a common language exercise in schools is to ask students to complete well-known proverbial sayings like those below: each is followed by the completions given in one Caribbean school (as collected over a period of time by a teacher).
Prowler jet on a low-flying exercise from the U.S. air base at nearby Aviano cut through the wire of a cable car Tuesday and sent 20 skiers plunging to their deaths.
America's obsession with physical fitness has brought us specialty group calisthenics, which we designate jazzercise, aerobicise , or dancercise on the model exercise , depending on what type of music is playing or degree of enthusiasm.
In theory, John Hope Franklin is the perfect chair for an anodyne exercise in racial reconciliation.
The "primary target" of the exercise, says the Times was Slobodan Milosevic, the Serbian president of Yugoslavia, meaning that the intent was to make it clear to him that he has to stop the attacks on Albanians in Kosovo province and start peace talks with them.
A better way to achieve equality would be a redistribution of physical fitness in which everybody engages in sensible, moderate exercise, and nobody engages in BASE (an acronym for "building, antenna, span, earth"), which, according to Time, involves hurtling off a cliff or a bridge on a bicycle with a parachute on your back.
This work , it cannot be refrained from being pointed out, has as its chief topic that exercise that in our own great palmy day was considered least worthy of writerly elucidation.
And in this case, the exercise is illuminating.
And according to the WP TV column, the two talk when they're in the exercise yard together--about old-time flicks they've enjoyed on Turner Classic Movies, which they see via the prison's free cable hook-up.
The question of what new programs to support would be a largely theoretical exercise, at least for a while.
"How to Live to 100" advises exercise, low-fat food, and perseverance.
An editorial in the Jakarta Post declared the elections "a triumph for the Indonesian people and democracy," but in light of predictions that Golkar would poll strongly in the country's outer islands and might be able to hold on to power with the help of small Islamic parties, the Post said, "It would be a hollow victory and a terrible irony if our exercise in democracy failed to produce the very goal of the whole process: Voting out the status quo and putting a proreform government in its place."
An investigation discovered that the officer marched his troops faster than was recommended and ignored other safety procedures during a training exercise this summer.
If the codes really are an innocent bookkeeping exercise, there's any easy way for the Bush campaign to dispel suspicion.
In other words, an encyclopedia is an enormous exercise in self-justification.
If the questions and answers were formulated more precisely, the site could make for a fascinating exercise.
But it seems clear from the examples he gives that having a satisfactory old age depends on adequacy of physical exercise and moderation of eating and drinking in the years before.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
Calling on the United States and NATO to "undertake a damage-limitation exercise in earnest," it said the most important thing is for the United States to make "a proper and public apology.
The defining of a concept like `specific learning disability' is far more than an intellectual exercise, for the applicability of laws that relate to people with “an imperfect ability to listen, think, speak, read, write, spell, or to do mathematical calculations” (as described in U.S.
He had, in his wretched twenties, dangling by a wrecked arm on a homemade exercise gibbet, accepted, no, hugged to himself the knowledge that life was hard and then you died.
In fact, determining the winners is the point of the exercise.
These are obviously apprentice works, the equivalent of art-book sketches, practice-room exercises.
Put it this way: Lundgren kickboxes; Carradine studies tai chi--those slow-motion exercises that old people do in the park.
Robert Shrum's comparison of the "Harry and Louise" ad campaign with that being conducted by the Global Climate Information Project ("Harry and Louise Go to Kyoto") is no more than an interesting academic exercise and a cynical misrepresentation of both the facts of the global-climate debate and the membership of the National Association of Manufacturers.
Saturdays and Sundays the family spends time at le week-end weekend retreat, holiday home by the sea, and the bobtail Old English sheepdog gets more exercise than in town.
Nor does Big Blue exercise the kind of financial or cultural power that Morgan once did.
Fill-in-the-blanks exercises have been fashioned into what are known as cloze tests , which are designed to test passages for readability and readers for comprehension.
The WP also comments that doctors don't think pregnant women need special access, and in fact, some doctors advise them to park far away from stores, for the extra exercise.
Most people--especially the obese--fib about diet and exercise and, when observed, tend to change their behavior.
While as an exercise in news judgment this was eminently reasonable, it was also unfair.
The London-based al-'Arab said Cohen's Gulf tour had been successful as an arms-selling exercise but a relative flop politically because he had "failed to obtain the traditional show of collective Gulf support for the policy of aggression his country pursues against Iraq."
Some say her probable New York senate campaign is a public exercise of marital therapy ( Capitol Gang's Kate O'Beirne and McLaughlin's Tony Blankley).
The LAT suggests it's that the nuclear power industry doesn't like shouldering the extra cost of participating in the security exercises.
Clif SHOT has potassium as well, and cuts out the maltodextrin (sugar) that Gu loads up on, but it also boasts caffeine, which I'm not sure I want during exercise.
"The presidency is not an academic exercise," he declared this afternoon to the crowd of "family farm" folk in a barn in Perry, Iowa, using one of his favorite lines.
I am surrounded by exercise nuts, both in my family and at work.
DC just shelled out a fortune for a new MCI stadium downtown, and a new Redskins stadium, and every idiotic newsman and woman is required to nod knowingly when the sports guy makes some obscure reference to some impenetrable football play, and anyone like me who finds the entire exercise faintly ridiculous is regarded as unpatriotic and unmanly.
Amy's View , the best of the recent works to show up here, is a more familiar and successful exercise.
He had a heart attack while working out on his exercise bike, just three weeks before he was to turn over his office to Gov.-elect Jeb Bush.
Dole's attacks on the Times have the appearance of being an exercise in populist demagogy.
The profile of hirsute New Age physician Andrew Weil criticizes his anecdotal approach to bee-venom therapy, acupuncture, and the like, but concludes that most of his recommendations--low-fat diet, exercise, vitamins--are medically sound.
My point was simply that he's not an exemplary role model, and it's ridiculous for business executives to think that Shakespeare had handed them a road map to the unproblematic exercise of power.
In a story titled "Richard Simmons' Sad Lonely Life," the Globe reports that the flamboyant exercise guru prefers food to sex, which he says is "overrated."
This "deeply unsettling and sophisticated horror story" (Megan Harlan, Entertainment Weekly ) is "more than a brilliant exercise of darkness," (Richard Eder, the New York Times ), it is a work of unusual emotional impact and craft.
A cow is blown up during an exercise, and the Americans are showered with bloody chunks of beef--a harbinger of the insane slaughter to come.
Entries mocking the soppy Harvard sentimentality of this exercise, or Chatterbox's low moral standing (as a cyberjournalist) to be fretting about this problem, are not welcome.
The simplest explanation for this rise might be the desire for a little exercise.
I would recommend these metaphysical exercises as a cheap alternative to reading The Face and The Hand .
If language is a continual exercise in combination and permutation, it makes sense that such expressions, or lusus linguae , will always be with us.
So next year, let's switch from the Gay Pride Parade to the Gay Pride Street Fair--good exercise, a cultural celebration, and a chance to buy inexpensive socks.
They are permitted to spend one hour per day in separate cages in the exercise yard, where they can speak to each other through mesh fences.
6) about "diet, exercise, recreational renewal with Marianne."
Or it could simply be a bright but chuckleheaded exercise in consumerism" (Herbert Muschamp, the New York Times ). (To learn more about the New Amsterdam, click here.)
In its editorial, Le Monde defended the WTO against its French critics, saying it is much better to negotiate with the United States in a multilateral framework than to let the United States exercise its power in bilateral deals with other countries.
This, the store believed, was due to the fact that catalogs show the merchandise more clearly and that selecting "things" is a touching and feeling exercise.
A 1991 law allows the special forces to conduct overseas exercises if the "primary purpose is to train U.S. soldiers" (in the WP 's words).
On a page for shoppers, the mall says it plays "motivational music on Mills TV, so you can treat your mind and body to an enjoyable, healthy and rewarding exercise program."
Neither exercise is intended to revive the patient.
And the premise that you must give of your body, not just of your money, makes voluntarism an ideal theme for such an exercise.
For months on end, Bocca said, they had ignored repeated civilian warnings and protests about the low-flying exercises.
The writer means "affidavit," since the stated point of this exercise is to enable Tripp to avoid being deposed in person.
Just days ago, the new warm and fuzzy Newt Gingrich was on tour with a book mostly about diet and exercise.
While this makes it sound as if Yeltsin is on board with NATO, a separate NYT story inside reports that in a Moscow meeting, Russia's defense minister bluntly dressed down the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs over the timing of the air exercises.
It is now no more that toleration is spoken of, as if it was by the indulgence of one class of people that another enjoyed the exercise of their inherent natural rights.
Physical activity, mental exercises, and estrogen (for women) can protect it.
The century-old Georgian Colonial features five bedrooms, a swimming pool, and an exercise room.
However, when you spend your money directly communicating the message "I support candidate X" (or "I am candidate X"), that spending is an exercise of free speech protected by the Constitution.
Luis Felipe, the Latin Kings leader convicted of murder and racketeering, is about to join Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh, World Trade Center bomber Ramzi Ahmed Yousef, and Unabomber Ted Kaczynski for conversation in the exercise yard at the federal "Super Max" prison in Florence, Colo.
The Oakland School Board proclaimed that Ebonics was a language, and that teaching English to speakers of Ebonics was an exercise in bilingualism, comparable, in principle, to teaching English to speakers of Spanish or Vietnamese.
They call the estate tax an exercise in class warfare , and argue that it drains money from private investment.
The NYT off-leads with Clinton's order to stop the use of live-fire ammunition in military-training exercises on the Puerto Rican island of Vieques, dubbed the "crown jewel of live-fire, combined-arms training," by the U.S. chief of naval operations in the WP , which stuffs the story.
Since these changes would affect all government borrowing and investment, not just this particular program, the gap would not have to close completely for the whole exercise to end up a wash.
Hoffman, for all his straining after naturalistic verisimilitude, remained dependent on acting-class exercises, while Olivier, for all his years of training, had so deeply integrated technique into his being that, like a classical pianist, he could stop thinking about it the moment he began performing.
As a final exercise, we shifted the labels identifying the white wines to the bottoms of the glasses, where we couldn't read them, and then tried to guess which wine was which.
It was a fun-loving group, and I would have had as much fun as anybody if I had not had work to do, but keeping the QR going required continual exercise of the will.
yeah i i really prefer outdoor exercise i'm afraid that my favorite indoor exercise is eating apple pie a la mode and that doesn't help very much
All these issues need to be addressed by future interventional exercise studies.
you know i what i like about exercise i love the inaerobic exercise i like
, because the "'decision not to subsidize the exercise of a fundamental right does not infringe the right,'" ibid.
you bet you get a lot of exercise that way
During exercise, slow twitch motor units serving oxidative fibers are recruited first during moderate exercise, and motor units serving glycolytic fibers are recruited later and during more severe exercise [ 1 ] . This is in contrast to electrical stimulation of sufficient intensity where all motor units are thought to be activated simultaneously [ 31 ] . The larger regional difference in VEGF mRNA signal after electrical stimulation may be due to the fact that this protocol was more metabolically demanding than the treadmill exercise protocol, or indeed because the rat muscle was hypoxic during electrical stimulation.
yeah because i'm constantly running my children around someplace and that's where i actually get my exercise
Physical activity was defined as any type of leisure time exercise or occupational activity, at least 1/week during the past year, and was gradated in qualitative terms such as light (expended calories < 4 Kcal/ min, i.e. walking slowly, cycling stationary, light stretching etc.), moderate (expanded calories 4-7 Kcal/ min, i.e. walking briskly, cycling outdoor, swimming moderate effort etc.) and vigorous (expanded calories >7 Kcal/ min, i.e. walking briskly uphill, long distance running, cycling fast or racing, swimming fast crawl etc.) [ 20 ] . The rest of the subjects were defined as physically inactive.
to walk too i i guess they said it's a good form of exercise i guess uh if you consider that exercise i walk a lot
This reduction of the coronary risk is much higher than Mediterranean diet or exercise (odds ratio = 0.89, p < 0.05) achieve alone in this group of people.
you know my family time in conjunction with my exercise time exercise program and uh we really seem to enjoy that
However, some investigators suggest that the way to avoid a decline in HDL-cholesterol that occurs with dieting is to combine diet with exercise.
do you do for exercise do you do anything regularly
Data presented in Table 1show the normalized mean VEGF mRNA signal in oxidative versus glycolytic muscle regions from rats after 1 hour of treadmill exercise, rats after 1 hour of electrical stimulation, and control rat muscle (neither exercise or electrical stimulation).
that i don't get any exercise doing that and plus there's a build up of stress so i need to go out and take those walks after dinner and i need to go out in the morning and run or i'll just get nuts
This program is designed as a single, interactive, 40-50 minute in-class presentation where students are provided with a series of dynamic exercises.
well it's hard to get no exercise while running i mean you pretty much got to move don't you
Whether the regional differences in VEGF mRNA demonstrated here underlie either 1) regional differences in capillarity or 2) regional differences in exercise induced angiogenesis cannot be determined from our study.
i know a doctor once told me it it a friend of mine uh suggested swimming as being the best exercise there is
It is therefore crucial to find a way of routinizing, even bureaucratizing, the exercise of imagination.
but i i do enjoy um going to a gym and working out or just like i do sit ups sometimes before i go to bed or when i wake up and i ride a exercise bike a lot so
um do you do any exercises for your hand the little muscle in your hand
i guess i'm calling to tell you about my exercise program which is a little bit lacking right now i've slacked off in the last six months but for several years i have walked three miles a day
and i think the exercise helped
exercise
drugs is not a problem at Texas Instruments and the corporation i think are going through this exercise mainly to remain in the good graces of their customer the government
doing the exercises and i guess because they spend all day in back of their desks the average person out on the farm at least traditionally now they drive fancy tractors as much as anything but at least traditionally the laborers last thing pardon me
thank you my exercise basically has been what walking that i can get in
ah i usually enjoy the exercise i do but uh like i said i'm just not very consistent about maintaining a a program
um i do it purely for enjoyment in fact when i've started exercise programs that i felt like i had to do you know a system of doing so many sit ups and that i haven't stuck with it and haven't enjoyed it either one so
exercise i think
okay are you on any kind of uh regular exercise plan
is is that right so you get uh so you get more exercise than
if you know your limits and you stay within those limits i think that you and you're happy with the exercise that you do because i think it's um very imperative that you have a happy
we uh that's you you know that's our favorite form of exercise is is life and we do our own yard you know we uh we we enjoy the activities that provide exercise
that's one of the exercise now i i um
i i have purchased any number of well i say any number i've purchased three different uh types of exercise equipment uh mainly uh
okay what type of exercise do you do
what do you do for exercise
yeah i exercise pretty regularly
it's it's hard to find uh a actual exercise regimen that works for you you know
yeah i i see some of these exercise machines that uh it looks like you're constantly walking up stairs
you get a little of exercise in on that
that keeps plenty of exercise for you
well i have an exercise bicycle in my bedroom but it usually's holding clothes
a lot of places do that now they'll they'll set aside you know like an hour a day that you can go exercise
doesn't work at at at home you know i've bought home exercise equipment and stuff and
but well my main uh exercise the only one i've ever stuck to at all is walking
right you can just trust someone else to give you full exercise and all you do is follow along and enjoy yourself
well um that's a hard question to answer because i do physical things but i don't always set out for them to be exercise
yeah at least its something that you enjoy and i know a lot of people that talk about exercise and say well i don't want to exercise it's too much work but there a lot of different things you can do that that
well i guess that's about it for exercise
um it's uh scaled back considerably uh right now my exercise is pretty much limited to uh softball league and occasional ride on the bike
up it to forty five minutes a morning and i feel like that's been a real nice exercise in the winter time
yeah uh my exercise program i used i did run
hum what kind of exercise program would you think you might want to get into
exactly so the exercise we can pretty much uh get from her uh she always wants to go outside and do things so i'm kind of uh she's an only child too so it's it's not like you can say go out and play with other kids so it's
i play racquetball but i haven't since i've been out of school i don't have anywhere to do that but that's going to start soon again and um i play softball once a week which is kind of more recreation than exercise
and uh so i exercise regularly during the daytime when i'm at the office
