I am a canon builder," he told me.
But I told the third person that I am only telling you once.
And I remember talking to my husband about that in the car ride home, as well, because we're both teachers and I was -- when I hear things like that, I immediately think of my students, and I was thinking about the diverse group of students that I have in my classroom, who all have different religious viewpoints, and how difficult that would be to tell one student that, you know, we can't express your belief, but we can express that person's belief in the classroom.
At 11:15, Secretary Rumsfeld spoke to the President and told him DOD was working on refining the rules of engagement so pilots would have a better understanding of the circumstances under which an aircraft could be shot down.
(A Greenwich, Conn., calligrapher tells me that Tiffany & Co. also repackages Crane's paper.)
Manufacturers have told us that hand-cutting with skilled cutters is as accurate as computer-cutting.
Please tell us your name.
Ashcroft told us that he established a "hold until cleared" policy because of the high rate of flight from deportation proceedings.
A longtime FAA security official described the air carriers' approach to security regulation as "decry, deny and delay" and told us that while "the air carriers had seen the enlightened hand of self-interest with respect to safety, they hadn't seen it in the security arena."
Economics tells us most likely, yes.
As for the Margalit Fox article you mention, I did read it and found it an interesting summary of what we might call "the linguist's dilemma": People want linguists to tell them how to be correct, but at the same time, they resist intervention, taking the attitude, "Who are you to tell me what to do?"
Secretary Rumsfeld told us he was just gaining situational awareness when he spoke with the Vice President at 10:39.
Bin Ladin routinely told important visitors to expect significant attacks against U.S. interests soon and, during a speech at the al Faruq camp, exhorted trainees to pray for the success of an attack involving 20 martyrs.
The Bible tells us that the cruelty and impiety of the rulers of both kingdoms aroused the fury of the great Prophets.
Yet photography tells us very little about how a building fulfills its function, or about how it is built.
Now, tell us what you can recall of the June 14th, board meeting.
But then, like an endearment to a beloved one, they will murmur “pashmina” and spread before you a shawl of soft, warm wool shorn, they tell you, from the underbelly of the wild Himalayan goats.
In preparation for briefing the Senate RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 127 Select Committee on Intelligence on September 2, Tenet was told that the intelligence community knew more about Bin Ladin's network"than about any other top tier terrorist organization."
The tomb was abandoned when Amenophis abandoned Thebes and made a new capital at Tell el-Amarna to the north.
The statue in the center of the plaza tells the real story of the town, though.
The path-breaking professionals tend to stare defiantly into the camera: Imagine telling Dorothy A. Richman, a rabbinical student wrapped in phylacteries and holding a Torah, that she can't serve God!
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center, a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs.
Meanwhile, the National Review online is reporting that a Dean Acheson anecdote McCain has been telling in debates is wrong.
He told us he recalled Iraqi support for Palestinian suicide terrorists as well.
It is too soon to tell how effective Customs' reorganization will be in responding to the pressures it faces.
Photos and documents tell the life story of the physician-revolutionary-statesman, who lived for a time in Macau, but never in this building.
The chair of the religion department told the Chronicle of Higher Education that some students were "a little agitated" by the professor's message but added that no disciplinary action would be taken.
. and she said, 'I don't want you ever to tell anybody.
And can you tell us what it is?
At 10:33, Hadley told the air threat conference call: "I need to get word to Dick Myers that our reports are there's an inbound aircraft flying low 5 miles out.
The consensus is that both parties have once again fed us our dessert (while telling us it's nourishing and fat-free) instead of our spinach.
Members told us that they believed that the information sharing their organizations engaged in contributed to the overall security of the nation's critical infrastructures-an effort that they viewed as being in their own self-interest, as well as that of others.
"You're fat and I hate fat men," she told him.
She clutched her head in disbelief as she told the roundtable that doctors would come up to her with patients' charts asking her for advice on treating patients.
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill's help.
"But sources tell Time that Julie Hiatt Steele, once a close friend of Willey's, signed an affidavit last Friday, at the request of Clinton's lawyers, suggesting that the encounter may have been more innocent than Willey claims and that Willey asked her to lie about it."
We don't even have to be told what the bill is anymore; we may not know all the details, but we know--and the pictures tell us--that it's designed to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and unstable loners.
"Something about your face makes me want to tell the truth."
The whole story is told in perfect pictorial balance, and with El Greco’s penchant for long, heaven-gazing faces and characteristic colors.
As the CIA supervisor "John" told us, no one looked at the bigger picture; no analytic work foresaw the lightning that could connect the thundercloud to the ground.
So, as I imagined Darwin telling us in chapter 1, “The winning natural games are the games the winning species play.”
I told him about canalyzing functions.
They told the press that censure wasn't "strong" enough and that Democrats were trying to turn the findings proposal into "a partisan issue" because "they're scared to death of it."
Rice's recollection was that Berger told her she would be surprised at how much more time she was going to spend on terrorism than she expected, but that the bulk of their conversation dealt with the faltering Middle East peace process and North Korea.
Simply tell him you hate like hell to hurt his feelings, but you and Larry use these gatherings to catch up, and a third party simply changes the dynamic.
Inspector General of the Department ofTransportation told us, there were great pressures from the air carriers to control security costs and to "limit the impact of security requirements on aviation operations, so that the industry could concentrate on its primary mission of moving passengers and aircraft.
Hadley told us that before 9/11, he and Rice did not feel they had the job of coordinating domestic agencies.
He indicated that high-level UAE officials would agree to restrict Afghan flights but told him that the government had a difficult time enforcing this.
[US readers should be told that the spellings and pronunciations (given in IPA--International Phonetic Alphabet) are British.
], who runs Robbie Vinson's Night Line and refers to himself in the third person, is often very unpleasant indeed, and some of the conversations cited in the article (especially one in which a caller was told that if he didn't like Britain he should get out) smack strongly of his acerbic, dyspeptic, often rude manner.
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity (and, truth be told, with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open.
It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls, a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper: "The president loves to schmooze on the phone."
We are pleased to tell you of a very exciting development with the fund, which has reached a market value of $750,000.
After all, on his return he told of being attacked by insects as big as chickens.
For instance, the way to tell if a person is a witch is to stick two needles in the form of a cross into the sill above a door; if the person in the room is a witch, she won’t be able to leave the room.
Skidelsky's book, believe it or not, is actually quite absorbing: Although he was an economist, Keynes led an interesting life--though, to tell the truth, what I personally found myself envying was the way he managed to change the world without having to visit quite so much of it.
Bird goaded and inspired his own teammates, and they heeded him: If he told a teammate to do something, he did it.
A lack of sleep can always be remedied later, a Madrileño might tell you, as he tops off a late night with early-morning chocolate con curros (a fried-dough and chocolate snack ideal for absorbing alcohol) on the way home for a shower and then continues on to work.
The CIA had a very different attitude: Pavitt told us that while the CIA's Bin Ladin unit did"extraordinary and commendable work," his chief of station in London "was just as much part of the al Qaeda struggle as an officer sitting in [the Bin Ladin unit]."
German agreed but told the redhead he'd better get out of there when the linemen came out.
But, he told us, he now wondered how that action was connected to what might need to be done in Somalia, Yemen, or Iraq.
Bin Ladin told Binalshibh to instruct Atta and the others to focus on their security and that of the operation, and to advise Atta to proceed as planned with the targets discussed before Atta left Afghanistan in early 2000-the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, the White House, and the Capitol.
Evolution implies "there is no divine intelligence involved," he told reporters last week.
Diego told her of his sick uncle and of the request from the bishop.
Additionally, says the paper, the day after giving his Jones case deposition, Clinton told Currie that he had never been alone with Monica Lewinsky and that he had resisted her sexual advances.
After all, if Bush really believes that accepting Jesus is the only path to salvation, he is pulling a pretty dirty trick on Jews by telling them otherwise.
Wei himself told the press: "We think the police behavior is without reason.
In fact, the White House says that when the FBI briefed National Security Council staffers on the subject, the FBI told the staffers specifically not to pass information to higher-ups.
"Never mind the proof, that's for sissies and appeals courts," South tells the interrogators. "
An old college friend of mine who celebrated his twentieth birthday—meaning twenty years of AA sobriety—a couple of years ago, tells me that when he was on the skids and riding the rails from drunk tank to drunk tank, the favorite terms for muscat were muscadoodle and Napa Valley smoke .
I once heard a Frenchman in Madrid tell a couple of Spanish shop clerks a joke that illustrates the difference between adieu `goodbye' and au revoir : At the Rio de Janeiro airport the planes of various countries were taking off one after another, and the terminal was crowded with passengers and with friends and relatives seeing loved ones off.
Tell the maids and cooks and butlers
The drum (since replaced) told the time and warned the citizens of danger.
13 These postures seem to be the mirror opposite of European practices, where the state readily provides subsidies for religious schools, but would not consider using religious symbols on its money or even using the Bible in court to administer the oath to “tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.”
The FBI told us they found no trace of explosives at the crash sites.
Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations, security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls.
Within the FAA, the administrator, Jane Garvey, and her acting deputy, Monte Belger, had not been told of a confirmed hijacking before they learned from television that a plane had crashed.
I do find it telling that Hillary's latest theory about Bill's "abuse" as a child is the kind of psychological claptrap that gives liberalism a bad name.
One expert witness (not a member of the administration) told us that this is perhaps the single largest obstacle impeding the department's successful development.
All committees found themselves swamped in the minutiae of the budget process, with little time for consideration of longer-term questions, or what many members past and present told us was the proper conduct of oversight.
After reviewing this matter in preparation for his Commission meeting, President Clinton told us that Sudan never offered to turn Bin Ladin over to the United States.
Inside, it’s one thing to remember what your teacher told you about static electricity, and quite another to touch (without risk) the Centre’s 500,000-volt sphere and see your hair stand on end.
Tripp should have told Ms.
Shelton told President Clinton he would go forward with "boots on the ground" if the President ordered him to do so; however, he had to ensure that the President was completely aware of the large logistical problems inherent in a military operation.
It’s easy to tell that they are not: Printed patterns don’t penetrate fully to the other side, while the real batik will show thin veins of color where the dye runs along tiny cracks in the wax (printed versions may try to simulate this).
Room three is devoted to the so-called heretic period of Egyptian history when Ahkenaten established a religion based on only one god and founded a capital at Tell al Amarna in central Egypt.
And they must advance an argument about why human nature, which has presumably evolved in response to an enormous array of random forces, tells us anything about what is good or desirable in terms of the traits humans should possess.
He told us he recalled Iraqi support for Palestinian suicide terrorists as well.
The commander of Central Command, General Franks, told us that he did not regard the existing plans as serious.
It tells us that Abraham made a covenant with God which called for his descendants to conquer many lands.
One told his colleague in Malaysia that "they" were in the "ninth month [of pregnancy]."
Glancing at a printout in his hand, he tells his assistant, "Forget about the Iraqi women in black!
5 He also told her that he thought there were terrorist cells within the United States, including al Qaeda.
The notes indicate that he also told Myers that he was not simply interested in striking empty training sites.
On the upper floors (once the royal chambers) there is an exhibition telling the story of the royal regalia.
The cautious tell you not to drive in Naples, where one-way signs are meaningless, parking is impossible, traffic is relentless, and red and green lights can be purely decorative.
Finkelstein told me Goldhagen was just another Peters.
"It was very, very important" to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that "it cannot use or export them to other countries," he told Associated Press Television News.
In Riyadh, he told his brothers that he had been on jihad in Chechnya.
We weren't going fast enough,"Armitage told us.
At the next corner he tells five more.
I obviously can't tell the whole story of MCCOY in a single letter but I hope this provides an overview of the scope of our work.
(One of the three is Kelsey's sister, whose motives can be similarly questioned; the other two heard Broaddrick tell her story but did not see her bruised lip, as only Kelsey and Broaddrick's husband claim to have.)
Attorney General John Ashcroft told us that he saw his job in directing this effort as "risk minimization," both to find out who had committed the attacks and to prevent a subsequent attack.
The President and Vice President told us they were not aware of the issue at all until it surfaced much later in the media.
Speculating about other possible states that could be involved, the President told us he also thought about Iran.
Shelton told us the administration reviewed all the Pentagon's war plans and challenged certain assumptions underlying them, as any prudent organization or leader should do.
The Bible tells us that the cruelty and impiety of the rulers of both kingdoms aroused the fury of the great Prophets.
I would bring you and the reporters, I will tell you, to the bar.
But I will tell you in concluding that if it is at night, if you do it at night, I will give you my home number, and you can contact me so we get this finished.
Please tell us what you remember learning at that time.
I told you I don't remember which year I -- I attended board meetings during the construction project, so when that was, that's when I was there.
Tell us the name of your husband.
Please tell us what you can remember about that meeting.
My next question was going to be simply if you could tell us what -- but I think she's already told us what she can recall her husband said.
The statements I make or the statements that I do not make in my classroom tell my students something.
And can you tell us whether -- when you remember that you attended this board meeting?
We submitted an exhibit list to the other side, and we were told there were no authentication issues with respect to any of this, so there's no question about the authenticity of this, nor do I understand -- and further, it's not offered for the truth of the matter asserted, so there's no hearsay objection.
I told him that I would just sit back and wait and see what happened.
that tells how
A Midwesterner, Will Hays, Jr., who is proud of his knowledge of post-Civil-War history, tells me the following origin of shot , as in shotglass , absent from “Gunning for the English Language”:
He did not speak to reporters in Jordan, but he told The Associated Press before leaving the United States that he hopes to "separate the humanitarian work from the political issues."
So one (or a colony or an ecosystem) of Darwinian creatures adapts more or less as Darwin told us.
I am a board member of SEND and would like to spend a few moments of your time in the near future to tell you, personally, about our programs and how you can help.
The ancient Greeks thought of them as the Garden of Hesperides, Romans called this archipelago the Fortunate Islands, and Homer tells us that blessed ones were sent to the Elysian Fields to enjoy eternal happiness in a land where winter was unknown.
If I am right, if the biosphere is getting on with it, muddling along, exapting, creating, and destroying ways of making a living, then there is a central need to tell stories.
For much of the world, the Algarve is synonymous with Portugal, yet the Portuguese will tell you the exact opposite: the region has little in common with the rest of the country.
Just tell me when to stop.”
Many have told us they view this magazine as an important ministry tool and see it being used to draw His people closer to Jesus.
Better yet, take a cab and tell the driver to stop at Akechi-daira, the halfway point.
!” And we would tell the story of Gertrude.
By the way, it must have been 20 years ago or more when I was a member of the faculty that the dean told me they were going to refurnish our old student lounge and asked if I would like to have one of the old octagon shaped oak tables.
All the artifacts here were excavated at Tell al Amarna including two giant statues of the Pharaoh with his distinctive long chin and rounded belly.
Now simple observation and experience tells you that you can put on your shirt and pants in either order, but you had better put on your socks before your shoes.
At the next corner he tells five more.
A little Musée du Vin (Rue d’Enfer) tells the history of wine-making, with all its paraphernalia, from Roman times to the present day.
No other legal system, so far as I can tell, relies explicitly on the principle that all human beings are created in the image of God.
Obviously, if all alumni were to contribute $1,000 in 1991, we would have a tremendous story to tell.
Along the busy road north from Denpasar to Ubud, the various craft villages have virtually merged into each other, but you can tell which one you’re in by their products.
I told my audience that I thought that the Salt Lake City library board would have a more difficult choice than their nineteenth-century New York counterparts.
If The Salvation Army's Red Shield could talk, it might tell you how we recently helped a man with diabetes get the insulin he needed.
It is unlikely that the mirror in the room overlooking the pond was the very one in which the sultan got his fatal peek at her, but the guides tell the story this way to make it more enticing for visitors.
As the latter declares that a certain form of private relationship of subordination shall not exist in the United States, the Eighteenth Amendment tells us, analogously, that another private relationship shall not occur: “the manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors within . . . the United States . . . is hereby prohibited.”
Listen, I told him.
Entire streets of beautiful old buildings are concentrated here, and almost every other house bears a muemlék (monument) plaque which tells of its history.
Thus, among other things, we must tell stories to understand the oriented actions of agents in their worlds.
She tells me that the 3,666 people we helped find jobs in 1998 earned approximately $49 million dollars.
In reality the two towns now mix so successfully it is difficult to tell where the dividing line is.
But the snowflake’s delicate sixfold symmetry tells us that order can arise without the benefit of natural selection.
Before I tell you more about that remarkable woman in Pensacola, however - a woman named Wanda Rudolph whose love, compassion and sense of generosity ought to be an example to everyone -I want to tell you just a little bit about what every mother trying to go it alone with her children on a marginal (or worse) income is facing.
A little farther along, on the right, the Albert Lowe Museum, in an 18th-century house, is brim full of artifacts and knickknacks, maps, and newspaper articles that tell the story of New Plymouth.
Because I doubt that you have ever encountered a mother like the Pensacola, Florida, woman I want to tell you about.
It’s said that a party of local men then set sail from Olhão all the way to Brazil, without maps or navigational aids, to tell the king of the insurrection.
A Boolean network is a model genetic network with N binary, or Boolean, genes, each receiving regulatory inputs from some among the N genes and each governed by a Boolean function on its inputs telling the activities of its inputs for which it should turn on or o.
I must therefore tell you why the Center on Philanthropy also deserves your support.
The image acted as a sort of ancient lie detector, as it was said that anyone failing to tell the truth before it would bleed to death.
And biologists tell stories.
I told all my friends about Habitat and how it works.
The tourist information office there will tell you the best times to watch the tides’ evolution.
The story may be disheartening but it must be told.
The museum tells the story of the road to revolution using dozens of memorable photographs.
I can not begin to tell you how GILL has changed my life.
Fossils tell an obscure story of man’s slow and sporadic development.
Darwin tells us that evolution occurs by reproduction with heritable variation and natural selection.
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill's help.
Visit the outstanding Peabody Essex Museum, where the exhibits tell the story of the development of this very wealthy seaport town, which produced America’s first millionaire, Elias Hesketh Derby.
I know that the moon is  they tell me  not made of green cheese.
I'm writing to tell you about an investment opportunity.
Here you’ll learn to tell your clavichord from your hurdy-gurdy and that bagpipes are also an Hungarian instrument.
Hume told us long ago about the “naturalistic fallacy”: One cannot deduce “ought” from “is.”
To continue to tell our stories, we ask for your help and support.
Not surprisingly his crew took this as an ill omen, but as history tells us, once past El Hierro they did not drop off the edge of the world after all.
Thus, I begin by vitiating my assertion and telling us what the configuration space is: it has something to do with the spin configurations.
Your generosity will help the IRT continue to tell the best stories in the finest manner possible.
It must have come as an almost unbearable shock to the patriotic Frenchmen of New Orleans to be told that they were Spanish citizens.
She told him his uncle was now well and would not die and sent him to the top of a hill to cut fresh flowers that he was to take to the bishop as proof of her existence.
-continue to tell meaningful stories that bring our community together to laugh and learn from each other.
Ringing bells at temples is a way of telling the god to pay attention to a prayer.
This would be their new home, they were told, which they were to call Tenochtitlán.
If I could speak to them, I would tell them they can see a great deal of God in the trees and stars and streams that He created.
Residents of Ios will tell you that an ancient tomb in the north of the island is that of Homer, author of The Odyssey and The Iliad.
In the Ernest Baughman Collection at the University of New Mexico Library, an informant narrates being told by her grandfather in Tesuque, New Mexico, about La Mano Negra.
He thought such talk was trivial and tried to not tell such tales, even to himself.
This king once told his people that as long as such birds did not fly away, his spirit would remain in the valley.
He directed McLaughlin, Wolfowitz, and Joint Chiefs Vice Chairman Richard Myers to deploy Predators capable of being armed no later than September 1. He also directed that they have cost-sharing arrangements in place by August 1. Rice told us that this attempt by Hadley to dictate a solution had failed and that she eventually had to intervene herself.
I am fond of telling the Noah’s Vessel experiment, hypothetical though it is.
He says to himself, "I can tell that extinction nears for that child is near.
At that point, someone remarked that The fact that Dr. Boivin hired Mr. Drinkwater surely must tell us something about the two predominant linguistic groups in this country.
As Redgrave moves from person to person--worrying about what each is really thinking, and about the young man whose tragic fate she heard tell of from one of her guests--the movie floods with feeling.
The Washington Post tells of a nation plagued by cancelled planes and trains, giving us along the way the definitive holiday crisis quote: "How can I tell him he might not get to see his Bubbie in Boca?"
Salick to tell them they're pretty ...
Newsweek knocked Zercher's credibility in a short piece, "Still More Tawdry Tales," because she didn't tell this version of the story to a reporter in 1994 after she was counseled to say "all positive things" by a White House lawyer.
Talk , she told the Wall Street Journal , is "about expressing--without encumbrance of any kind--a vision, in a sense, of the times that we are in."
Shelton told us that such operations are not risk free, invoking the memory of the 1993 "Black Hawk down" fiasco in Mogadishu.
Thus, he tells us, names can exhibit phonetic alternation.
With an eye to focusing on the systemic problems that have allowed American medicine to be unduly influenced by industry, on May 15, 2005, I brought together five whistleblowers in Washington, D. C. I asked them each to tell their story and to suggest ways to restore objectivity to medicine and medical research.
However, the “Perla del Pacífico” still attracts scores of vacationers, who are still regaled by old stories about the rich and famous, told by seasoned waiters as they serve pool-side drinks with a weathered but unwavering smile.
In one report, Asahi Shimbun said villagers close to the Tokaimura uranium processing plant heard on television they had been told to stay indoors when in fact they had received no instructions whatsoever.
Whether castigating them on the silver screen, between the lines of pulpy, true-crime narratives, or in the jokes told around the proverbial water cooler, attorneys have been on the receiving end of many a hackneyed punch line.
It’s a lovely 3 km- (2 mile-) stroll down from the Porta Nuova, and is a point of pilgrimage for those curious to see the wooden crucifix that spoke to a troubled 27-year-old Francis in 1209, telling him to go and repair the world.
Telling people around here that you are a writer is like telling a New Yorker that you are an actor and expecting them to be impressed.
Mike" trusted the information from the Afghan network; it had been corroborated by other means, he told us.
IV believed that the statue spoke to him, telling him he would become Pharaoh if he cleared the sand away.
("You'll have to excuse me, Mr. Townsend," she tells the lovers she's supposed to be chaperoning, as she flits to the door.
There's nobody telling that landlord to fix the property," Simmons said. "
He’s likely to be hanging out at La Terraza and, for a few bucks or a few drinks, will tell tales of his times with Papa.
She's on a first-name basis with him, although it's kind of hard to tell.
The current Afghan Foreign Minister told us that one of Bin Ladin's planes landed in Islamabad for refueling.
Local lore tells how one such ship, upon returning from its travels to China, lost hundreds of rolls of silk.
As Prime Minister D'Alema left for Washington last Friday to meet President Clinton, he was warned by Corriere columnist Ennio Caretto not to be "too diplomatic" because the United States was guilty "almost of an act of war in our country" and, if Clinton wanted the continued unconditional use of bases in Italy, he must be told to stop "treating it as a province of his empire."
We require authors to tell us of any possible competing interests; we in turn will tell readers about them.
Here, they told him, you can find a city made of gold.
A few chapters after that, Adele is taking Ann on rides past Dr. Spritzer's apartment and saying things like "I'd like to tell his psychiatrist a thing or two."
KSM claims Bin Ladin told him it would be enough for the hijackers simply to down planes rather than crash them into specific targets.
Athenians left an enduring legacy of concepts and ideas for humankind but they also bequeathed a remarkable number of buildings and artifacts that tell us about their lives.
Hartman had told me to be on the lookout for the southeastern turtle name cooter , with the slang meaning pudendum.
Tales were told in Australia about the “perfect wave,” and Kuta became the dream destination for every surfer.
She turned round and told me she always knew I had the dress sense of a bag-lady.
This was new ground,"he told us.
Their leisurely manner tells you this is no mainland capital.
So CEOs are now going to tell us when they're erectilely dysfunctional?
He was told to present his credit card with the voucher upon his arrival at the airport, where he would be charged, obviously, only for the part of the ticket not covered by the $400 voucher.
I guess my question really is: How can you tell whether a letter is sincere or fraudulent?
"I was touched by this," Dawkins recalls, "and sorry I had to tell her that it wasn't true."
They were quite capable of telling a British colleagues, We've carried out a bronchoscopy, inserted an endotrachial tube, provided assisted ventilation, and positioned a catheter in his bladder to monitor his urinary output.
(Now they tell us.)
He's someone you could actually imagine taking aside and asking, "Er, Robert, tell me ...
Any divorce lawyer can tell you that when Debbie becomes Tatiana, it's time to freeze your bank accounts.
As anyone can tell, I am not a great fan of this form of amusement, and I thought they were original till I encountered the well-known A MAN, A PLAN, A CANAL—PANAMA.
"I could not live with myself if I caused trouble," she told Tripp that fateful day a year ago at the Pentagon City Ritz-Carlton, shortly before Kenneth Starr's boys showed up to make her immortal.
What the psychologists found was that participants told to do nothing more than put on a happy face developed a significantly more positive mood than those told to adopt a neutral expression.
1), although she said that she only knows she told Steele immediately because Steele once reminded her of it!
Having offered to tell one version of events, may a lawyer really choose to tell a contradictory version--as if the offer had never existed?
That story remains to be told.
The television coverage is all too average as well: Lots of Johnny on the spots, excitedly telling what they know "at this point" (not much) and second-guessing themselves by telling TV Land which neighborhood the police are searching, then showing the neighborhood from a helicopter, then deciding that it was a boneheaded move to show where, exactly, the police are hunting (let's not let the shooter know where the cops are!)
Nobody has the heart to tell him that this simply means he'll fetch a higher price at auction, where he'll be sold off to a rendering plant."
For example, Willey told Ed Bradley of 60 Minutes that when Clinton made his pass, she remembers saying to him, "Aren't you afraid that somebody's going to walk in here?"
His Clintonian instincts tell him that any difficult choice must be a false choice.
The NYT land mine story reveals a major policy change: the Clinton administration told allies over the weekend that it could sign a land mine ban provided the U.S. was allowed nine more years before removing them from the Korean peninsula.
And she does, too, just not in her introduction, a disconnected series of meditations on what a collection of photographs of women might tell us in this day and age.
"They're taking something that's about as likely to happen as a meteorite falling on your head and telling everybody that it could happen any time," said Dr. Merlin D. Tuttle, about those worrywarts at the New York State Health Department.
After an epic exchange of personal pirouettes she delivered the knockout punch with the following: I told her to her face, [an aberrant piece of straighttalking, this] Don't you turn round to me and tell me I turned round and accused you of being two-faced.
When told that Slate had assigned a couple of chapters to its readers, he roared: "It sounds like homework!
He told the paper, "[I]f the election is full of intimidation and it is not fair and there is retribution after the election, then I think we will have to re-evaluate our assistance to Indonesia in a very negative way."
He also tells readers, "I have amended some of my own prior views about the efficacy of politics and public policy."
A university spokesperson told the Michigan Daily that the library is also interested in acquiring evidence from Kaczynski's trial but that it won't be available until after he "has exhausted his appeals options."
The turtle lives in the mud but is not mud-like, you can tell it by his eyeswhich are clear.
One senior official told the Post , "It's a way of pursuing an objective in a way that everyone's comfortable with.
"You guys did such a great job," President Clinton told congressional leaders as they finished up on their work, "You should really be proud."
The CEO of Office Depot told Reuters that he's using bodyguards because of threats, apparently from his employees.
This was a powerful hint that W. intends to tell Pat Robertson to go play in traffic.
A conservative critic tells Republicans to read--no, steal-- the Clinton manual on how to update and revive your losing party.
Writers have been told to hit a 500 word a day quota.
Don't tell me about Van Damme's fancy kicks--Van Damme's a ballet dancer, a girl!
She told Chatterbox (who finally reached her today by phone): "I did not stonewall you or the issue."
To wit: first tell them what you are going to say, then tell them what you are saying, and finally tell them what you have said.
This is a direct conflict; the question isn't what Willey told Steele but what Steele told Isikoff.
She is the sexual metaphor for all our feelings about political slickness, its uncanny ability to tell people what they want to hear before leaving them high and dry.
Willey, in her Steele trial testimony, stuck to the story that she told Steele of an unwanted pass the day it happened (Story No.
Choate tells the LAT that Ross Perot has decided not to run, but the Post still speculates that Perot might jump in.
Men of presidential quality tend to be arrogant, with a sense of "entitlement and lordly expectation" (David Remnick, The New Yorker ). The best example of presidential bravura ever: When told of John F. Kennedy's womanizing, Lyndon Johnson responded, "God damn it, I had more women by accident than he ever had by design!"
If you are seated in an exit row and you cannot read this card, or cannot see well enough to follow these instructions, please tell a crew member.
"The emperor told us that in 1941 when they sent us to this island.
The very president of the United States has put the case in these terms--Joe Camel, declares Bill Clinton, tells minors that "smoking is cool."
Other lowlights of Mir life: A cosmonaut gets drenched by an antifreeze leak, which burned his skin and nauseated him; Russian mission control tells the crew to calculate the soon-to-crash module's flight path by timing it with a stopwatch.
If the truth be told, all languages are a little crazy.
A banner ad that contains a streaming video version of a 30-second spot can tell you not only how many people viewed the commercial but also where in the commercial they got bored and clicked out.
So think of it this way: While the prophets of the "new economy" may seem to be telling us that we're heading for a future in which every industry looks like Silicon Valley, what they are really saying is that we are on our way to an era in which there's no business that isn't like show business.
"We are not going to let the media steal this election," he told a crowd in Dallas on Friday.
Bush replies, "What you don't need to do is tell me what I have an idea about or not."
(That's why each volunteer "makes a difference," as we are constantly being told.)
He can tell her of the most trivial thing without fearing that she will think he is bothering her.
Kinsley now tells Chatterbox that he also tried cocaine .
When she tells George (Paul Rudd, directed to be dear) that the father of her child isn't "home" to her, that George is "home," and that they need to throw out the old ways and invent some new ones, the scene has no urgency; she could be talking about where to go for dinner.
Their credibility depends on corroboration by people who claim they were told of the harassment soon after it occurred.
Above all, the story of the co-op tells you that economic slumps are not punishments for our sins, pains that we are fated to suffer.
Colleagues told him that if he voted against it, he'd be a one term congressman, and they were nearly right.
Perhaps the trump testimony was that of an 82-year-old priest telling of the IRS' erroneous attempt to grab $18,000 from a trust fund for the poor set up by his dead mother.
Besides, even more telling than the views of academics are the images of Nixon in popular culture, where he remains resentful, paranoid, and ruthlessly power-hungry.
Chamber of Commerce, who apparently was once told to give every reporter something unique.
But very few of my colleagues, as far as I can tell, are even making a serious effort to rise to the challenge.
Almost immediately, John Dean, then White House counsel, came to see my father to tell him that he had to fire Hoffman.
Because the forms of the names, as they are recorded over the years, tell use so.
"I think it's damn tough," Kennedy told Johnson, sounding whiny.
There are things that I'll tell my priest in the confessional that I will not tell you or any other American."
What he wanted, he told Moyers, was a poverty program that would hire high-school students who were about to drop out, and put them to work picking rocks off highways or sweeping the floors of government buildings.
He has thought it through, spelled it out, and told you who's asking it and why.
Johnsen told Chatterbox that Heinemann once showed him "Murph" Murphy's photograph and said, "That's the guy who invented Murphy's Law."
"American officials tell us that ordinary citizens are suffering, that our military tactics may increase that suffering.
Instead, the Clinton team accepts the coalition's reluctance and tells us this is just the way things are.
During last spring's controversy, McNally's agent Gilbert Parker was quoted complaining that no journalist had bothered to request a copy of the script of Corpus Christi . When I called to ask for one, Parker's office told me that it wasn't releasing it.
You can't tell from the USA Today and Los Angeles Times headlines what the report says Clinton did.
Or--to avoid being guilty of suborning perjury--she may put her client on the stand and let him testify without asking him specific questions beyond "Tell your story."
The mistake, the Times tells us, was discovered yesterday.
North will tell his story to the committee.”
Having served as Clinton's bodyguards when he was governor, the troopers later told the Los Angeles Times and the American Spectator about his sexual exploits.
Universities are playing parent again, reported the New York Times this month: Pennsylvania State University now hosts an alcohol-free student center that features adult-supervised weekend parties; the University of Wisconsin has started theater outings for students and staff; the University of Virginia may start telling parents of student drinking violations; Lehigh University prohibits campus parties without a staff member or approved adult in attendance; and after 10 students suffered alcohol poisoning in January, Princeton University banned its annual Nude Olympics, in which students streak naked through campus on the night of the year's first snowfall.
One FEMA inspector told GAO that some survey-damage reports after the Northridge quake included work that had been specifically rejected after the Loma Prieta quake five years earlier.
Don't mind telling you, In my humble fash, That you thrill me through With a tender pash.
The cover editorial and story tell Europeans to stop fretting about genetically engineered crops.
In his history of the Kennedy era, Richard Reeves writes that Kennedy, concerned that increasingly clamorous rumors of an affair with Monroe might actually make it into print, sent former journalist and Peace Corps official William Haddad to tell various publications that Kennedy himself said the stories weren't true.
"Starr is tampering with the Senate trial," White House spokesman Jim Kennedy told the Los Angeles Times Saturday night.
("He tells us what is important and why.
The father of Dodi Fayed, who died with Princess Diana in a car crash in Paris last summer, told London's Daily
Is there a polite way to tell him, "This just isn't working out"?
The consequences of failure, Clinton tells us, "could be serious."
The tell us a lot about this recording: First, a superbly voiced E-flat major chord with every instrument audible, the winds biting through the string sound, the timpani crisp yet viscerally forceful.
The doc says: Sahelian (author of Kava: The Anti-Anxiety Herb ) tells me that with kava the brand makes a huge difference.
Smith tells the WP that the money contributed "had nothing to do with the meeting he had with Clinton."
Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day: the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he's out with a "beautiful lady in red" who's not his wife and that "We're doing good, and I'm going to try to do bad before the evening's over."
Taylor told Starr no thanks.
Primary Colors has already got rave reviews, and audiences could conceivably respond to it, too: They've been living with the Clinton saga for six years, and many people are legitimately hungering to see it dramatized--and to be told what to think about it all.
The request was a response to increasing complaints by frequent fliers who say they are too often told they can't redeem their miles to go where they want.
The middle-aged man on the casting couch doesn't identify himself, but he tells us that he won a gold medal in the Olympics and a Rhodes scholarship, that he played for the Knicks for 10 years, and then: "I was a U.S. senator for 18 years."
Achieving Our Country tells members of what Rorty calls the "cultural left" to come down from their postmodernist ivory tower and think about how to make the country they live in a better place.
Can you tell me whether I should mail the letter?
You have these options, as Prudie sees it: You can stick it to him and force a decision; you can coast along and see if he starts to feel more "ready"; or you can make a deadline--spoken or unspoken--at which time you will either call a caterer or tell him it's been lovely.
There's an anything-goes quality to even studio pictures that suggests an impatience with old ways of telling stories--a desire to create a new syntax to capture a new kind of flickering consciousness.
Disingenuously but effectively, Bennett claimed that Walsh was trying to blackmail Weinberger into telling falsehoods about Ronald Reagan.
I turned round and told them I wasn't going to take it lying down.
This is a direct conflict; the question isn't what Willey told Steele but what Steele told Isikoff.
When I reached Hatfield at his publisher's office, he told me that these sources are all old friends who have contemporaneous, independent knowledge of the alleged arrest, but that none would provide specifics for fear of being identified by Bush.
And in an interview, the authorized biographer concedes that he didn't investigate thoroughly: "Arthur Schlesinger once told me that he had dirt on Reagan buried in his filing system.
What the gods were really telling him is that gold is just a metal.
We told those white liberals years ago that you couldn't expect more from Negroes."
Chris Hoiles, starting catcher for the Orioles, told me one day in the locker room, "We're usually the dirtiest guys on the field and the sweatiest guys on the field.
The late John Belushi, for instance, is said to have "specifically encouraged" De Niro to star in Analyze This , while the trio of Lenny Bruce, John Huston, and lyricist Alan Jay Lerner have all been trying to tell the Oscar winner to "make more comedies and musicals."
I'm telling you, though: coverchief = head-dress is the best.
But it seems telling that it was IBM, which has seen currency problems erode earnings for two years now, that led Tuesday's rally by announcing it was going to buy back $3.
In a statement released this morning, the candidate said, "I told Larry King that I never got the munchies.
Nothing to do for this file.
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success.
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity (and, truth be told, with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open.
I told her it would be--certainly as all right as talking to Dunleavy.
Her goal will be to get Arafat to come out decisively and publicly for peace with Israel, telling him that there can be no more attempts at co-opting Hamas, and "no more kisses" of its leaders.
Clarke told us, "I asked the FBI, Dale Watson . . . to handle that, to check to see if that was all right with them, to see if they wanted access to any of these people, and to get back to me.
43 Tommy Franks, the commanding general of Central Command (CENTCOM), told us that the President was dissatisfied.
"See if Saddam did this," Clarke recalls the President telling them."
"Paul was always of the view that Iraq was a problem that had to be dealt with," Powell told us."
Franks told us that he was pushing independently to do more robust planning on military responses in Iraq during the summer before 9/11-a request President Bush denied, arguing that the time was not right.
However, I will tell you that the sense of my opinion as it related to their deposition testimony and as reconsidered and as honed in the reconsideration, was that it was meant to apply -- the general thrust of that, the protections, if you will, in that opinion were meant to apply in the same sense to their testimony at trial, if they chose to testify, and they would be protected in every way by the Court, and they would not be questioned in the broader sense.
Now, if you're telling me that you have problems with certain anticipated questions but not others and if you're telling me that the reporters would not exercise the privilege if they were kept roughly within the confines of their affidavits --
Please tell us what you do for a living.
It's the newsletter that came to the house in the mail that told -- that had the statement included that they were going to be teaching in the biology class.
I spoke to my deacon about this situation, and all I know is what he told me.
It was prior to the June meetings because my husband was a teacher at the school, so I often heard things that he would come home and tell me.
And can you tell us what publication its from?
Again, there were many, many things that happened at that school board meeting, and I can tell you that I was very much interested in what was being said.
And can you please tell us how you have been harmed?
So I am only assuming that those books are there now because I am being told that they are.
And please tell us how you believe that you have been harmed by the board's actions.
I told him I didn't think that that was going to happen."
For in Paris they told the elf Our rough North land was the Land of Lays,
Claiborne investigates and reports on expressions like sow one's wild oats , about which he tells us little or nothing: the modern Latinate designation Avena fatua came too many centuries after the original expression to have any relevance to it, so why bring up the information that fatua is Latin for `foolish': it was also Latin for `wild,' which might be more to the point.
"If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations, the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them," he told the Journal's David Asman recently.
But the town’s most cherished treasure is the magnificent Bayeux Tapestry (or more accurately, embroidery), which was created for Bayeux Cathedral in 1077 to tell the story of Duke William’s conquest of England.
The mere fact that two practices have been adopted, however, does not tell the whole story.
But before you decide to join us, let me tell you more about our work and our achievements.
If, as I will suggest, we cannot prestate the configuration space, variables, laws, initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere, if we cannot foretell a biosphere, we can, nevertheless, tell the stories as it unfolds.
I can tell you we need your help now as much as ever before.
But that would have required a clear rationale for the democratic franchise, a clear principle telling us who should vote and why.
And when I'm finished telling you her incredible story, I'm hoping you will see your way clear to send Habitat for Humanity a generous tax-deductible contribution to help make the same kind of joyous ending possible for so many other mothers and their families who have the same urgent need for a simple, decent house and the sense of hope that goes along with it.
The only way that you can tell them apart is by looking on the back of the piece and checking for the mark and the signature of the maker — only ceramics that have been handcrafted in Talavera, Puebla can be called “Talavera.”
A young woman remembers, “My grandfather used to tell us when we were little, about La Mano Negra, that appeared every time little kids were bad and that if we weren’t good and helped him carry in wood and water and feed the animals ‘la mano negra’ would come for us at night.
So many people have told me that seeing a play as a student literally opened their eves and minds to a whole new world; a world of imagination more powerful than any futuristic movie or television sit-com.
Popular, but art of the highest order, kabuki tells stories of horror, blood and thunder, and passionate love.
As far as I can tell, we have not had such a conceptual framework before.
If you haven't yet seen the show, let me tell you that it is a different Abe Lincoln than you have ever seen.
A short video tells the story of the development of the Bathysphere, a machine that could withstand the immense water pressure thousands of feet beneath the surface so that scientists could study the creatures living at those depths.
The text does not tell us that all people over the age of twenty-one should be entitled to vote but leaves it up to each state to decide who shall be able to vote “for the most numerous branch of the state legislature.”
Before I tell you more about that remarkable woman in Pensacola, however - a woman named Wanda Rudolph whose love, compassion and sense of generosity ought to be an example to everyone -I want to tell you just a little bit about what every mother trying to go it alone with her children on a marginal (or worse) income is facing.
Even here, the channel perspective tells a somewhat different story.
I can also tell you that the 1990's will be a "break through " decade for us here at the Indiana Chapter.
However, we too have felt the effects of a prolonged recession; and I don't need to tell you that costs continue to rise.
While you glide along, multilingual commentaries tell you about the sights.
When governmental officials try to tell people how to talk, they look slightly ridiculous.
The first time was to tell you about the impact of our educational program and, more specifically, To Kill a Mockingbird.
In the town around King’s Square are a delightful number of attractions that tell the story of St. George’s from the early 17th-century settlement to the changes that have taken place in modern times.
It is usually children who enjoy telling and listening to riddles.
I have enclosed a brochure which tells you more about the Chancellor's Circle and which includes a reply card.
The oldest, facing south and telling the story of John the Baptist, were designed by Andrea Pisano in 1330.
We have no conclusive evidence, yet an abundance of telling hints.
I obviously can't tell the whole story of MCCOY in a single letter but I hope this provides an overview of the scope of our work.
Hong Kong Diary published weekly by HKTA tells what’s happening in the arts.
She is telling us what she wants and needs in the future.
To better help us assist you, write, fax or E-mail and tell us more about yourself.
Passing through the deserts of Sind and the hot and dusty plains of the Ganga valley, they have heard tell of its blessed meadows, forests, full fruit orchards, and lakes.
Another anecdote of narrow escape tells the tale of Vásquez being hidden in the bed, under the covers, of a newly birthed mother.
Obviously, if all members of the two Boards were to pledge $1,000 per year, we would be most grateful and we would have a great story to tell.
Several historical buildings lead off Canongate, and a number have interesting stories to tell.
If only the bacterium could tell us: “Did you see that truck of a paramecium coming at me?
When I hear them talk about how they'll never own their own home, I tell them there's hope for us, that I'm living proof and everything I've prayed on every night has been answered."
The Iglesia de la Asunción, built between 1490–1510, looks and feels so old that you can easily imagine Columbus praying in a dark recess — as a plaque here tells us he did, in 1492.
At this time of your 45th reunion of graduation from dental school, I would like to tell you about an opportunity to support the students at the IU School of Dentistry.
Edinburgh’s Old Town occupies an amazing site where the geology has its own fascinating story to tell.
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success.
Stories not only are relevant, they are how we tell ourselves what happened and its significance = its semantic import.
I am pleased to tell you that we have had a positive response to the letter.
Kids always love the Salem Witch Museum, a diorama show that tells the story of the witch hysteria when 19 people went to the gallows.
The buildings of Greenberg, Jacobsen, and Norten, on the contrary, have a great deal to tell us about our past, our surroundings, and ourselves.
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves.
The propagating exapting biosphere is getting on with it, and it appears that we crucially need stories to do some of the telling of that getting on with it.
The IRT knows something about telling stories - we're in that business.
Station VIII: It is from here that Jesus consoles the women of Jerusalem and tells them to weep for themselves and their children, rather than for him, thus prophesying the impending destruction of Jerusalem.
The only thing a customer had to do was tell a sales clerk what he or she wanted.
· To the guys who never went beyond first base (and if by some miracle they did, they didn't tell anyone).
The splendid old vats and winepresses are themselves worth the visit, and the guides will tell you everything you want to know about wine.
In Chicano oral tradition, stories about La Llorona, the Blue Lady, or Joaquín Murrieta can properly be called legends and almost always tell a story the audience wants to believe.
I have enclosed a brochure which tells you more about the Chancellor s Circle and which includes a reply card.
(“Kansas is a place for people who like subtlety,” my friend Wes Jackson once told a group of us visiting his Land Institute in Kansas in January.
I'm telling you all this because perhaps you, too, are asking questions -- why one child takes the life of another.
A white flag tells you it’s safe and that a lifeguard is present.
By telling their stories in such elaborate detail, experienced group members could offer a great deal of useful advice and guidance to those newly diagnosed, based on what they had learned in their own online research, what they had been told by their clinicians, and what they had deduced from personal experiences with the disease.
A popularly narrated legend found throughout the Southwest, south Texas, and even parts of northern Mexico that tells of the appearance of the devil at community dances, dance halls, and discotheques.
We are told by that Elke Sommer look-alike with beautiful skin and blue eyeshadow105 that everything we like or dislike is an addiction, but if we take a hot bath, we are transformed and can throw away our anxiety medications."
(Click here for another telling example.)
Legend tells of the Sun Goddess Amaterasu sending her grandson to Mt.
Several security managers told us that, in addition to reading current professional literature, their involvement with professional organizations was a valuable means of learning about the latest monitoring tools and research efforts.
In September 2000, Bin Ladin reportedly told Nashiri that he wanted to replace Khamri and Nibras.
The President and the DCI both told us that these daily sessions provided a useful opportunity for exchanges on intelligence issues.
But when I asked my boss about the overtime, he told me I could walk out the door anytime."
Also, he charged that bylaw changes, which LSNY is forcing through its exercise of its power over his program's purse, "expands enormously LSNY's legislative power to tell local programs what they can and cannot do."
"One day I'll probably do some legal work that I will charge a handsome fee for - at least I hope there are those that are still willing to pay," he told reporters.
There is also a short video presentation called “Bermuda: Centre of the Atlantic,” which tells the story of the founding and development of the island.
As Dick tells it, the story got even weirder: Here at last is the druggy truth behind détente!
Some of these signals call for a decision on whether to workshare and others do little more than tell the mailer that some pieces cost more to process than others.
Each evening, a sound and light show at the Red Fort tells its story; details can be obtained from the Tourist Information Bureau.
Ira Magaziner told a press briefing that "slowing the rate of growth actually benefits beneficiaries considerably because it slows the rate of growth of the premiums they have to pay."
The acquaintance apparently tells a different story, claiming that Slahi introduced him to Binalshibh and Jarrah at Slahi's home in 1997 or 1998, and that he later lived with them in Hamburg.
The people are as varied as their landscape, but don’t let anyone tell you the French national cliché is a myth.
Thus television, radio, and newspaper reporters tell us:
Since we can not tell which of two neighboring genes is regulated by each of the 102 intergenic modules we predict, we are obliged to label 237 genes (adding the 33 genes with intragenic modules) as potentially patterned.
Did you see the Larry King column in USA Today ? He says that Clinton told him he owns the original Harry Truman letter to the music critic, the one where he threatens to punch out the guy for criticizing his daughter's piano recital.
Rababah, who had lived in Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey, told investigators that he had recommended Paterson, New Jersey, as a place with an Arabic-speaking community where Hazmi and Hanjour might want to settle.
The pale pink stone house is unassuming, but the interior tells of the plight of slaves on the islands and of the positive work that was undertaken in the years following emancipation.
I was told last January at Sundance that 1999 would be the last year in which more of the movies had been shot on film than video.
He told us that he was frustrated with his role and with an administration that he considered not "serious about al Qaeda."
However in 1356–1339 b.c. a new Pharaoh, Amenophis IV, decided to leave Thebes and, with his wife Nefertiti, created a new capital on a virgin site at Tell El Amarna to the north.
A visiting Englishman I know told me that the road sign he enjoyed the most in New York State was the one that advised him to SQUEEZE SOFT SHOULDER.
1. Shortly after the second attack in New York, a senior Secret Service agent charged with coordinating the President's movements established an open line with his counterpart at the FAA, who soon told him that there were more planes unaccounted for-possibly hijacked- in addition to the two that had already crashed.
The walls are covered with porcelain figures telling exotic stories: a Japanese samurai, Chinese mandarins, monkeys, and birds.
Rest up, one resident told me.
Where to Go
He tells Time , "God knows that we have been pleased by the killing of American soldiers," and advises Newsweek  that "[a]ny American who pays taxes is ...
The dialog box allows the user to tell the system what sequence they wish to examine.
The Gospel of Luke reports that Jesus stopped along the way to Golgotha and told the women who were following him that they should weep for themselves and their children rather than for him (Luke 23:28).
But as Lynne Margulies told Zehme, "[Andy] actually seemed to be getting better at first.
Of course they are wrong about the latter claim, but nothing in these standard definitions of EBM tells us why homeopathy fails to be evidence-based medicine.
May such terror terrify those in thrall to earthly error, for the horror of these images tells what awaits them. ”
Many managers told us that the measures that capture the most attention from senior management are simple ones¬or at least simple in terms of how they are expressed.
(Compare “y'r fxn well told” with “you're fxxxing well told, ole boy!”
And the president also told his wife: "The hurt in your eyes is torture to me.
Rather, he calls on Ekman or some other expert to tell us which, if any, is correct.
The Post has local merchants telling of increased traffic in bottled water, batteries, candles, etc., but nothing out of control.
Speaking of public works, while I have no idea what Dick Riordan ate for lunch, I can tell you what's in his toilet bowl even as we speak: water that nature, in her wisdom, intended to be thousands of miles away from him.
Can't he pay someone to tell him how bad it looks?
I turned round and told them I wasn't going to take it lying down.
For instance, we are told that "foreign policy was secondary [to German unity] in Hitler's intentions," although Hitler saw these aims as inseparable--invoking, in Mein Kampf , Germany's need for "living space" ( lebensraum ) and her "moral right to acquire foreign land and soil."
"I can't tell you the number of taboos it violated.
Everyone from the Republican National Committee to the AFL-CIO has told the Federal Election Commission to keep its nose out of the Internet, the New York Times reports.
"One of the most oft told of the Larry Stories that circulate at CNN concerns his take-out order when he eats dinner at his desk, before the show.
Should I make a pest of myself and keep telling my friends that I live in Wales, not England, or should I just shrug it off?
She has told the press that her editorial knack lies in being "easily bored" and that the problem with celebrity hype is that it's "dull."
Claiborne investigates and reports on expressions like sow one's wild oats , about which he tells us little or nothing: the modern Latinate designation Avena fatua came too many centuries after the original expression to have any relevance to it, so why bring up the information that fatua is Latin for `foolish': it was also Latin for `wild,' which might be more to the point.
He got annoyed and told me he has close-knit relationships with his clients.
"We had indeed become one," she tells us, freely venting the inflations of her heart.
"I can tell you that the militias have but one methodology in mind.
But when pressed, Culeman-Beckman admitted that Jacob Bernstein hadn't said that Carl Bernstein actually told him Deep Throat was Mark Felt.
The State Department library no longer has a complete set, and a receptionist at CEQ told Chatterbox it was inconceivable that a 20-year-old report would be retrievable there.
"It's not the burial cloth of Jesus," physics professor Douglas Donahue told the Associated Press.
"I'm about as big a media hound as anyone," McCain told one newspaper, but "I've turned down at least 500--maybe 600 or 700--requests to go on talk shows on this issue."
The story is told that six railroad men met near San Bernardino, California.
After all, an investigator can't ask soldiers if they are being harassed for being gay without in effect "asking" them if they're gay, and a soldier can't tell an investigator that he is being harassed for being gay without "telling" the investigator that he is gay.
My ghastliest show-business moments were spent with Dustin Hoffman, but bad as they were, there were nowhere near as bad as being told you've flunked an exam you haven't flunked and being forced to go to summer school (and, as the Times notes today, being punished by your parents for flunking said exam).
If a doctor tells a patient he has six weeks to live and the patient survives for many years, it's humiliating for the doctor.
By all means withdraw the "title," and tell her you do not wish to burden her with MOH chores, nor do you wish to have your dream day spoiled.
The story she has to tell is sadly simple: Her brother Devon Drew died of AIDS in 1996, at the age of 33.
President Jiang told the Times of London in an interview that his recent meeting in New Zealand with President Bill Clinton had been "positive and constructive" and "very important for the improvement and development of China-US relations."
After all, no one would need to be told to "never give up control" unless there were executives all too willing to cede authority in a crisis.
God's ineffable name as told to Moses is unutterable [Exodus 6:3] so why make an issue of it?
A NRA official tells the Post that as many as 30 states are being targeted for such bills.
Titanic spent 15 weeks atop the U.S. box office, beating the pants off such movies as Wild Things --whose Boy Culture appeal was summed up by its star Denise Richards when she told Entertainment Weekly , "I don't want my dad to see my breasts.
At a recent hearing on partial-birth abortion, Barr told a pro-choice witness that she and her allies were "very hardened, very cold, very callous ...
The experience left him bitter and disillusioned, Dole has told audiences this year.
A former aide to White House counsel Bernard Nussbaum tells the magazine that, in 1993, another White House employee, Kathleen E. Willey, told her that she had been groped and kissed by the president.
"Vacco vehemently denies telling a convention of People magazine readers, 'That Princess Diana was a mean drunk and a lousy lay.
Oreskes declined to tell him, of course, who the Times ' sources were.
"And my question to you is, why should we believe you that you will tell the truth as president if you don't tell the truth as a candidate?"
Brando replied by telling the singer to "f-- off" and hung up on him.
Prudie suggests you tell your wife (and not friends and family) that you are as crazy about her as ever but think two beds might improve sleep for both of you.
When McCain's turn comes, he tells Bush, "George, I've had executive experience.
Via radio, TV, and op-ed pages, we're being told that the treaty is "not verifiable."
"I can't believe how horrible it is that we're speaking like this to each other," she tells him quaveringly, as he punitively regales her with details of sex he had with another woman during the summer.
Economic theory tells us that when everyone is polluting a communal stream, everyone can benefit from enforced moderation.
While telling us about Conant and Chauncey, Lemann keeps reminding us about the fundamental issues at stake and the central problems inherent in a meritocracy.
Could this possibly be the same Jessica Mathews who had debated me on Charlie Rose last year, scowling as she told viewers environmental optimism was an appalling notion?
It may be easier to change your e-mail address than your street address, but for a lot of us, we'd probably have to tell more people about the former than the latter.
The last example (Eric Partridge tells us) is a nickname for a chamberpot originating in India c. 1870, and is derived from the noise therein caused].
Wolf is developing a professional online note-taking service to help students augment their own notes or to catch up after a sick day, he told the New York Times . Student stenographers are paid $300 per semester plus $200 for every five additional note-takers they recruit for the company.
In a telephone interview, Boys Don't Cry director and co-writer Kimberly Peirce says that Lana told her that "she knew Brandon was a girl the first time she met him."
One could never tell how many people might drop in.
CORPORATISM WATCH: "There is a significant difference between asking a White House official for his sources and asking the owner of a Web page on the Internet for his sources," Marvin Kalb, director of the Shorenstein Center on Press and Politics at Harvard, tells the Times .
Tripp told Newsweek that Willey did not seem upset at the time, but instead looked "flustered, happy and joyful."
When her boyfriend finally told them to stop bothering her, one of Leo's posse sucker-punched him.
Skeptics argued that this case doesn't set such a precedent, because Froistad confessed to the police by phone after learning that support group members had told them about his postings.
Indeed, it would likely be hard to find even a White House aide who, in the privacy of his/her home, would tell a spouse that he/she buys Clinton's story.
When I told Noble that I was tackling the workout, she replied, "Your nose is going to start to talk to you because the contrasts really stand out."
Once, after I signed a pile of books at a bookstore, a clerk told me not to leave because there were more copies in back.
Can you tell which of the follow-ups are authentic?
Like Harry's nerdy, courageous, always-right friend Hermione, I'm tasting the delicous pleasure of telling everyone I told them so.
The first generation of these, such as WebWhacker, Milktruck (now WebEx), and FreeLoader, all work pretty much the same way: You tell the software which sites you want downloaded, and the software tells your computer to do it at prearranged times.
One of them told the Times , he plans to vote for Rudolph Giuliani in the Senate race next year.
Heston: There simply are no greater stories to tell.
In her autobiographical first novel The Romance Reader , she told the familiar (to Roth or Chaim Potok readers) tale of being forced out of her sect by her own intellectual and sexual curiosity.
My daughter comes home from school and tells me that other kids have come up with alternative meanings to the WWJD acronym--"We Want Jelly Doughnuts," "Willy Wonka Just Died," etc.
The story doesn't explore whether this fact would be grounds for dismissal under the present "don't ask, don't tell" policy.
An "insider" told the Enquirer that Hillary also "stormed into her closet, grabbed a dress, threw it in Bill's face and screamed, 'Is this like the dress you gave her--the one she says she's kept as a souvenir of the affair?
Morris reportedly said he doesn't believe Congress will impeach the president for lying under oath about his relationship with Monica, "but they might well impeach him if evidence comes forward from woman after woman after woman, of private detectives scurrilously, sometimes illegally, perhaps under physical intimidation, working on stopping these women from telling the truth.
Of course, we are not told whose bed.
Ruddy dwells ominously on the equivocal testimony of a Fairfax County rescue worker, Todd Hall, who initially told the police he thought he might have seen someone in an orange or red vest in the woods.
If a few additional days go by and no widespread computer failures present themselves, Yardeni told investors, "you'll be able to read my lips.
I would try to bring about the kind of change in policy, on the "don't ask, don't tell" policy, that President Harry Truman brought about after World War II in integrating the military . And I think that would require those who wanted to serve in on the position of--on the Joint Chiefs of Staff to be in agreement with that policy.
He tells the Post he's on the case "because the United States has big interests out there."
Thus we get the Post lead falsely telling the reader that disputes about witnesses, censure and the very impeachability of the acts in question are "disagreements that became clear on the television interview shows yesterday.
And if you ask people what they were listening to in the mid-to-late '60s, they'll tell you, "Oh, you know ... a lot of Velvet Underground, a lot of Hendrix."
Also, why would Tripp, in order to get Clinton to settle the Paula Jones lawsuit, have urged Lewinsky to tell Clinton that she (Lewinsky) had been blabbing about their sexual encounters?
Tell your shy violet that if she doesn't approve of your timetable you're certain she can find someone who will accommodate her.
"What Mr. Murdoch told Vanity Fair is profoundly wrong," the paper said.
It's not Wallace's initial caving-in to the network--"I'm with Don on this," he tells Bergman--that does him the most damage.
"We all suffered a great loss today," Hansbury told the assembled media.
But the history of the publication of this book is only incompletely told by the editors.
But the vagaries of spelling are such in our language (see the list at chain ) that one never can tell where to look for words unless they are to be listed in some uniform fashion.
What we weren't told, though, was whether the "average" here was the mean or the median.
Many people tell me they're downloading the print-out file and reading it on screen but offline.
It was in this phase of Kael's Sinemet trial that Anderson made his appearance with film cans in tow--and poised to tell the world that she no longer remembered who Bill Murray was.
And the Brazilian players talked of being told that soccer "isn't for women."
The college administration, citing gender equality law, told Daly to admit the male students or stop teaching.
New Irish President Mary McAleese, it reported, had told her fellow citizens that they had a duty to give immigrants the same welcome that Irish emigrants had always received abroad, but despite this, their hostility to immigrants was increasing.
In telling of these American places, Lukas had to challenge some powerful reassuring myths about our past.
No, to make sense of the claim that savings are bad you must argue either that interest rates have no effect on spending (try telling that to the National Association of Homebuilders) or that potential savings are so high compared with investment opportunities that the Fed cannot bring the two in line even at a near-zero interest rate.
Howard Fast told essentially the same story in the New York Observer eight years ago.
So, how do I tell my young (much younger) wife that I want her to cool down the rah-rah Mormon bit?
A few days later, when Buckley told Yale's Catholic chaplain about his political mission, the chaplain broke the news to him that Yale maintained a ceiling of 13 percent on Catholics and on Jews and that was why they needed to ask the question.
First of all, neither the wrapper nor the accompanying descriptive matter tells a novice how to access the information on the disc.
Returning from his tour of hell, he tells the rest of us that we should be shocked--not outraged.
What about W.'s telling Trudeau--making it, in fact, "absolutely clear"-that he "didn't like it … didn't like it at all"?
Sweeney stands in the middle of the stage and tells the off-screen (but audible) audience how her brother got sick and took up residence in her small Hollywood house and how her parents moved down from Spokane, Wash.
Two years ago, Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss., told the U.S.
Moviegoers are told very little about why Naboo was invaded, but the few facts we get are credible, albeit too sparse to test with the criteria for just wars.
Language is creative: We can manipulate it to match a new concept, or a new invention, or simply to tell a joke.
If nothing more fascinating comes up, remind me tomorrow to tell you why George W. is really being given so much money to get elected.
Won't someone tell the big broadcasting companies that accurate script-reading involves more than accurate pronunciation?
"Let me tell you something, you invade my privacy this way, six months from now, I'll whip your ass."
"Nothing terrible is going on in Grozny," Russia's commander in the North Caucasus tells the NYT.
It quoted Wang Liming, a Beijing law school professor, as saying that the sect had violated the human rights of its followers by telling them not to take medicine or to consult doctors.
His defense (for which K had contempt at the time) was that he intended to mislead but was technically telling the truth.
The Washington Post and USA Today both lead with Janet Reno's admission yesterday that she was "mad" at the White House because she wasn't told in a timely manner about the coffee videos.
She tells me that the 3,666 people we helped find jobs in 1998 earned approximately $49 million dollars.
I can tell you we need your help now as much as ever before.
Broaddrick told me Sunday that a Times reporter had appeared at the house in the a.m., and that she had refused an interview," Rabinowitz writes in an e-mail message.
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company--whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney--is in charge of all our destinies: Babylon was.
Ashcroft told us he was determined to take every conceivable action, within the limits of the Constitution, to identify potential terrorists and deter additional attacks.
It therefore detailed specific U.S. demands for the Taliban: surrender Bin Ladin and his chief lieutenants, including Ayman al Zawahiri; tell the United States what the Taliban knew about al Qaeda and its operations; close all terrorist camps; free all imprisoned foreigners; and comply with all UN Security Council resolutions.
Clarke has written that on the evening of September 12, President Bush told him and some of his staff to explore possible Iraqi links to 9/11.
Rice told us the administration was concerned that Iraq would take advantage of the 9/11 attacks.
But, he told us, he now wondered how that action was connected to what might need to be done in Somalia, Yemen, or Iraq.
No other legal system, so far as I can tell, relies explicitly on the principle that all human beings are created in the image of God.
Now, if you're telling me that you have problems with certain anticipated questions but not others and if you're telling me that the reporters would not exercise the privilege if they were kept roughly within the confines of their affidavits --
Can you tell us what it is?
As far as I can tell.
And please tell us where your children are right now in school, the grades, please.
Unfortunately I was in the restroom at the time that Max Pell was speaking because -- my husband told you I was eight months pregnant.
And can you just tell us briefly what you can recall about that meeting?
The exact modification, are you telling me that from the time that they had approved it in October, it was modified before it was read in January?
But tell us, what was your reaction to what you heard?
Now, I'd like you to tell us, did you attend board meetings in after June?
I told him just simply what I had read.
In The Bride of Lammermoor (Chapter V), we are informed that the heroine “placed certain restrictions on their intercourse,” a limitation that might have been more usefully set in that same author's Rob Roy (Chapter VII) where we are told of the chance that the narrator and Miss Vernon might be “thrown into very close and frequent intercourse.”
Mr. Joseph Hymes' “Do Mistake—Learn Better” [XV,1] brought to mind the time a Japanese acquaintance told me of a friend of hers who decided to tackle the original English version of three books she had enjoyed while in Japan.
In April 2001, the Director of Congressional Affairs for the Foreign Service Officers Association told us that the Association would support legislation that would allow federal employees to keep for personal use frequent flyer miles earned on official travel.
"In social systems," Siegfried groans out between thrusts of the Softening Machine, "Freddie Hayek tells me, '[t]his means that, though the use of spontaneous ordering forces enables us to induce the formation of an order of such a degree of complexity (namely comprising elements of such numbers, diversity and variety of conditions) as we could never master intellectually, or deliberately arrange, we will have less power over the details of such an order than we would of one which we produce by arrangement.
Which I think tells us that he wasn't trying to do anything of the sort.
He told us that this paper was drafted in September 1998.
They can tell differences between sizes of objects and different colors and patterns.
One of the women, a counselor for "post-abortion trauma," told how she had become pregnant at 20, helplessly felt she had no alternative but abortion, "and for 15 years ...
A president should tell the American people:
Disney World Competition last year at EuroDisney95, was told yesterday that she would have to submit frozen samples of her brain and organ tissue immediately to the French National Bureau de Santé.
A real liar wouldn't tell you that he's a liar as Wolff does, would he?
Witness role models introduce themselves, tell their stories to the group and receive group feedback on their presentation.
I tell you in its processes of globalization
Asian-Americans, who so rarely appear in print or on television, can tell you that the media are no mirror of the nation's complexion.
President Clinton told us that when he pulled Musharraf aside for a brief, one-on-one meeting, he pleaded with the general for help regarding Bin Ladin."
With highly stylized sincerity, long eyelashes down, he tells Karen he is at her service. "
Should I have told the manager?
Although the Minneapolis agents wanted to tell the FAA from the beginning about Moussaoui, FBI headquarters instructed Minneapolis that it could not share the more complete report the case agent had prepared for the FAA.
He knew there is no authentic self, as there is no God, as ther is no deep reality, as Niels Bohr used to tell him.l But it was hard work to remember there is no authentic, and his political comrades and their revolutionary project had helped keep all that at only barking distance.
I tell you, though, it is a mystery,
Cressey told us that the CSG did not tell the agencies how to respond to the threats.
"This is Rosa von Praunheim, my spiritual daughter," she tells Rheinfahrt. "
"So I want to start by telling you what we were doing in that Washington bunker.
It is also not known if the deputy fire safety director received the order by the PAPD to evacuate the complex; however, the Port Authority has told us that deputy fire safety directors did not generally take direct orders from the PAPD under the regular chain of command.
"Karen has great-grandchildren already, whom she hates and never sees," Siegfried tells her.
USA Today leads with a new poll, taken by the paper together with CNN, indicating that Americans want Clinton to tell the truth to the grand jury, even if it means making just such an admission.
The NEADS commander told us he did not pass along the order because he was unaware of its ramifications.
He tells them the area that has been the center of the protests is known as Laikipia, which sits just north of the Equator near the towns of Nanyuki and Isiolo.
McCartney issued a statement saying he held his wife in her final moments and told her they were riding horses together on a fine spring day.
History does tell us that Brahms professed his love for Clara though they never married.
A very telling point in such disputes is that those who speak a dialect other than Standard (which we persist in putting in quotation marks because it continually changes, both temporally and geographically) are condemned to accept work that is below a level, socially and economically, to which they aspire and to which they feel they are entitled, at least from the standpoint of opportunity.
Bin Ladin had to tell the Libyans who had been part of his Islamic army that he could no longer protect them and that they had to leave the country.
"Nothing, they were too zoned out to see anything," Tim tells the man in black. "
He had claimed to be interested in bidding for Thomson, but Kleinwort Benson, the company's merchant bank, told him out of courtesy that the company had accepted another offer.
KSM says that though he told others involved in the conspiracy to stay away from mosques and to avoid establishing personal contacts, he made an exception in this case and instructed Hazmi and Mihdhar to pose as newly arrived Saudi students and seek assistance at local mosques.
I told Marcel, anxious to depart before he began to act out the films of Warhol.
Oh, I know where--by telling you I finally get your Judith "De Man" Shulevitz joke.
So, I went to court by myself and told them the truth, but it didn't do me any good.
Stroke my hyacinth hair and tell me ours is the cosmic accident.
Atta, Jarrah, and Binalshibh then met with Atef, who told them they were about to undertake a highly secret mission.
A National Geographic magazine on the coffee table tells them, "Aggravating the current conflict is a drought that has hit parts of Kenya hard, prompting President Mwai Kibaki to declare a state of emergency recently."
Few were aware, it said, that "Miss Lewinsky received a telephone call from Mr Clinton at 2 a.m. on December 17, 1997, suggesting that she issue a false affidavit to pre-empt a subpoena in the Paula Jones lawsuit"; or that "on January 21, 1998, Mr Clinton told his aide Sidney Blumenthal, falsely, that Miss Lewinsky was a 'stalker,' setting in motion the White House smear campaign against the defenceless, star-struck, exploited girl."
Nineteen of them returned upstairs, where 18 died; the 20th was told by her supervisor, who was in the group, to leave rather than return upstairs.
Babbling brooks told him a secret:
"I believe that in no case was this discrimination conscious or deliberate," Robert Birgeneau, dean of MIT's School of Science told the New York Times . "Nevertheless, the effects were real."
DCI Tenet and his deputy director for operations told us they did have a management strategy for a war on terrorism.
The moderate Kosovo leader Ibrahim Rugova told Germany's Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung Monday that the joint declaration he signed last April in Belgrade with Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was "without meaning."
Clarke encouraged OMB to tell both departments that if they would not identify offsets then OMB would.
"Don't think about it, just do it," he was told. "
I tell ya, it's Miss Monica's time to go.
Jarrah's pre-Afghanistan interest in aviation also is confirmed by a January 22, 1999, email recovered after the September 11,2001, attacks, in which Jarrah told a friend from Beirut that he might "come next year and . . . have something to tell about airplanes."
"How I remember that day in 1953 when the workers struck in Berlin and the Party told them to stop, sighs Klara.
Nashiri was angry and disagreed, telling others he would go to Afghanistan and explain to Bin Ladin that the new operatives were already trained and ready to conduct the attack.
But as NLG immigration attorney Mark Van Der Hout told me, "Going after immigrants is just the first step towards going after U.S. citizens."
The contents of a Web site are stored on high-performance computers called servers . When you type a Web address into your browser, or click on a link or a "favorites" or "bookmark" button, you are telling your computer to fetch a specific set of data--text, images, sound, etc.--from some Web site's server.
President Bush told us Tenet said to him that the CIA had all the authority it needed.
Be a dear and tell Achmed we'll have a Svack before lunch--the round bottle, tell him.
drinking beer, listening to loud music and"--please Shannon, tell us it's not so--"playing games like foosball into the early morning hours inside the house where the Ramseys once lived."
Unsure whether he is doing the right thing or inflicting harm, he tells himself this is the natural thing to do, although he would feel more secure if she was familiar like Daddy and not mysterious like Mommy.
Rice told us that there was never a formal, recorded decision not to retaliate specifically for the Cole attack.
He pulled off his watch and told Ambrose, "Make sure everything is turned off, no electronics, no metal, no plastic, no nothing."
The writer is absolutely right and his observations might have carried more rhetorical impact if the paper had told readers via an ID line that he is a former government researcher in this area.
Charlie Allen told us that when these questions were discussed at the CIA, he and the Agency's executive director, A. B." Buzzy" Krongard, had said that either one of them would be happy to pull the trigger, but Tenet was appalled, telling them that they had no authority to do it, nor did he.
If they didn’t behave or do as they were told, La Mano Negra would take them away.
"Get the generalissimo a bottle, " the manager tells Novy.
But a glaring internal contradiction is especially telling for a would-be man of ideas: It suggests that you are not subjecting your own "ideas" to even the minimal test of logical consistency.
he told me, his good eye engaging mine. "
He's the only one who can possibly tell me what happened to Ana K."
I think he knows more than he's told us.
Karen tells the viewers, "The Masai have played an essential role in Kenya's terrorism-I mean tourism--strategy.
Be a dear and tell Achmed we'll have a Svack before lunch--the round bottle, tell him.
The local people will tell you that this is the Hippocrates Tree, under which the father of medicine, a native of the island, lectured to his students over 2,500 years ago.
After much go-around, J.D. called American Express, told them his plight, and Amex canceled the entire charge.
"Just because the baby have all parts of their body, you still cannot tell whether you gonna affect that baby later on in life, that's what a lot of people fail to realize, you know they can have learning disabilities."
In their formidable Castello Estense, a 14th-century moated fortress that is this lovely town’s centerpiece, guides tell delightfully dubious stories of what went on in the damp dungeons.
But even before he was officially declared to be losing it, Reagan benefited from a more general double standard about truth telling.
"We always tell people not to sign those," said Renae Patrick, managing attorney at Lynchburg's Virginia Legal Aid Society, in a June 27, 2001 article about rent-to-own contracts.
Treasure chests mix with rum casks, and pirates tell of their lives at sea in the lonely and dangerous times.
Pamela Blackard and Debra Ballentine first told their stories in February 1994 in exclusive interviews with reporter Michael Isikoff, then of the Washington Post . But to Isikoff's chagrin, the Post printed only sketchy fragments of their accounts, 11 weeks later.
The notes indicate that he also told Myers that he was not simply interested in striking empty training sites.
The murals and reliefs at Mayan cities tell gory tales of beheading and the tearing out of human hearts to appease the lords of the underworld.
In Starr's defense, Time notes that he told Clinton the results of the dress DNA tests in advance.
Rice told us the administration was concerned that Iraq would take advantage of the 9/11 attacks.
Around this time, Clarke wrote Rice and Hadley that the Yemeni prime minister had told State Department counterterrorism chief Hull that while Yemen was not saying so publicly, Yemen was 99 percent certain that Bin Ladin was responsible for the Cole.
Guides will tell you that its 255 enameled panels were encrusted by master Venetian and Byzantine artisans with close to 2,000 precious stones, including pearls, garnets, sapphires, emeralds and rubies.
What he tells us is true, but does it matter to his book?
A detainee says that 9/11 hijacker Khalid al Mihdhar told him about the maritime operation sometime in late 1999 and credited Nashiri as its originator.
Little is recorded about this group, but they were probably the ancestors of the Gododdin, whose feats are told in a seventh-century Old Welsh manuscript.
Shortly after he won the Pulitzer Prize for Parting the Waters (1988), which chronicled the first decade of the civil-rights movement, author Taylor Branch told a reporter that he would probably complete his second and final volume by the fall of 1990, "when the money runs out."
Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations, security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls.
The Chinese arrived in the wake of the great Taiping Rebellion of 1851, seeking security and prosperity in what they were told were California’s “Golden Mountains.”
[Clinton] told families there that home ownership is an investment in society, the bedrock of middle-class life.
A CIA official told us that the CIA's analysts chose the term "preliminary judgment" because of their notion of how an intelligence standard of proof differed from a legal standard.
In 38 pictures arranged in three rows under a starry heavenly-blue vault, Giotto tells the story of Mary and Jesus.
In vaunting two of the nastiest and silliest exhibits in "Sensation" (you have a soft spot for Mat Collishaw's bullet hole because it reminds you of some other orifice, you say), you expose a disturbing infatuation with literalness, that precious "real life" you tell me you want in art.
Hazmi told his housemate that he and his friend "Hani" were headed for San Jose to take flying lessons and told his friends that he would stay in touch.
So many inter-religious alliances reigned, and so pervasive was the intermingling of Moors and Christians, that it was hard to tell who was on which side and for which piece of land they were fighting.
The novel strikes a creative balance between Morrison's affection for magical reality and the need to tell a straightforward story of small-town pettiness, jealousies, and affections.
These officials told us that Caterpillar maintains the philosophy of first getting the design right, then producing it as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Another witness who lived in the same dormitory as Motassadeq testified that in late 1998 or early 1999, he overheard a conversation in which Motassadeq told someone that "we will do something bad again" and that "we will dance on their graves."
Berger was particularly rankled by an editorial in the Economist that said that only the future would tell whether the U.S. missile strikes had "created 10,000 new fanatics where there would have been none."
The Command Center told Cleveland that FAA personnel well above them in the chain of command had to make the decision to seek military assistance and were working on the issue.
Departing from protocol, a number of operators told callers that they could break windows, and several operators advised callers to evacuate if they could.
According to notes of the call, at about 9:45 the President told the Vice President:"Sounds like we have a minor war going on here, I heard about the Pentagon.
This may tell us not only about taste but about how the nervous system in general is put together, says Ryba.
Jane told investigators that she viewed this matter as just another lead and so assigned no particular urgency to the matter.
Using such an opponent mechanism, the visual system can “tell” whether there is a stronger signal from the short wavelength receptor or the long wavelength receptor—hence it can extract information about stimulus spectral quality.
The Postal Service did not tell the Commission where this 20 percent figure comes from.
But in hindsight, "I really wish I'd never done the loan," he told The Denver Post. "
Just outside the North Tower on West Street one firefighter was directing others exiting the building, telling them when no jumpers were coming down and it was safe to run out.
This, President Clinton and Berger told us, was not the conclusion they needed in order to go to war or deliver an ultimatum to the Taliban threatening war.
One senior FAA air traffic control manager said that it was simply not the FAA's place to order the airlines what to tell their pilots.
As Tenet told us, "the system was blinking red" during the summer of 2001.
Several security managers told us that, in addition to reading current professional literature, their involvement with professional organizations was a valuable means of learning about the latest monitoring tools and research efforts.
VBA officials, for instance, told us that, along with providing various training modules, employees also need on-the-job training, coaching and mentoring to enhance their expertise through actual experience in processing claims.
President Clinton told us that he had directed his national security team to focus exclusively on responding to the embassy bombings.
He's got a list and he tells everybody he knows.
"Paul was always of the view that Iraq was a problem that had to be dealt with," Powell told us."
She admitted she did not personally share the information and cannot identify who told her they had been shared.
The controller told us that he then knew it was a hijacking.
Also, during our discussions with agency officials, we were told that many invoices processed for payment were likely to exceed the $25,000 limitation of fast pay.
109 Although Shelton told the Commission he did not remember the statement, President Clinton recalled this remark as "one of the many things I said."
The chief of the Bin Ladin unit, "Mike," told us that he promptly briefed Tenet and his deputy, John Gordon.
Timothy Carney believed the Saudis told Sudan that they did not want Bin Ladin.
At the White House, Vice President Dick Cheney had just sat down for a meeting when his assistant told him to turn on his television because a plane had struck the NorthTower of the World Trade Center.
22, 2004), in which he also said he did not tell the Principals Committee his reasons for canceling the operation because there was no reason for the principals to hear details of an unsound plan.
Without telling Wilkins, he wrote to Rosalind Franklin, who was on her way to join the DNA effort, that Wilkins was withdrawing from DNA work and that she would take over.
By tracking changes in cerebral blood flow as a subject performs a mental task, fMRI shows which brain regions “light up” when making a movement, thinking of a loved one, or telling a lie.
He told them to ignore them.
. . . [Y]ou couldn't see any airplanes, and no one told us anything."
The CIA's Ben Bonk told us he could not guarantee from analysis of the video feed that the man in the white robe was in fact Bin Ladin, but he thinks Bin Ladin is the "highest probability person."
Intelligence reporting was so limited that one CIA intelligence analyst told us that, unassisted, he could read and digest the universe of intelligence reporting on al Qaeda financial issues in the three years prior to the 9/11 attacks.
Crown Prince Abdullah told President Clinton and Vice President Gore about this when he visited Washington in late September.
Because the attack was the subject of a criminal investigation, they told us, the term preliminary was used to avoid locking the government in with statements that might later be obtained by defense lawyers in a future court case.
In a few instances healthy civilians were found on floors, either because they still were collecting personal items or for no apparent reason; they were told to evacuate immediately.
"He told me, 'You don't have to tell me who you are.
Berger told that President Clinton did not want to press the Bin Ladin issue too heavily at the main meeting because ISID (Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate) members were present.
Many officials told us that they knew something terrible was planned, and they were desperate to stop it.
Berger told us the account is "a crock."
At 10:10, the pilots over Washington were emphatically told, "negative clearance to shoot."
He did not recall Berger or anyone else telling him that they were waiting for the magic words from the CIA and the FBI.
When the Service filed its case last January, we all were told the net income for FY2001, after covering increased operating costs, would be $1.
Once they work with the computer and finish, you can tell they're not as sad.
! Doing a better job of marketing legal services by telling the "story" of what LSC grantees are contributing to their communities through the partnerships they have created and the wide range of solutions they have put in place.
At 8:41, in American's operations center, a colleague told Marquis that the air traffic controllers declared Flight 11 a hijacking and "think he's [American 11] headed toward Kennedy [airport in New York City].
When they learned a second plane had struck the World Trade Center, nearly everyone in the White House told us, they immediately knew it was not an accident.
Rumsfeld told Bob Woodward that he had no recollection of Wolfowitz's remarks at Camp David.
The Human Genome Project [5] tells us that there is sufficient genetic diversity among humans that pharmacogenetic and pharmacogenomic techniques will have an increasing role in overcoming problems related to polymorphisms and other variations.
At 8:41, Sweeney told Woodward that passengers in coach were under the impression that there was a routine medical emergency in first class.
Rice told us that she had, at some point, told President Bush that she and his other advisers thought it would take three years or so for their al Qaeda strategy to work.
President Bush told Bob Woodward that the decision not to invade Iraq was made at the morning session on September 15.
We know about it because Bayoumi told law enforcement that it happened.
Rice told us the Administration did not need a principals meeting on al Qaeda because it knew that al Qaeda was a major threat.
Hawsawi contacted KSM, who told him to help Kahtani return to Pakistan.
Population genetics tells us that for new alleles, fixation is a rare event, even for new mutations that confer an immediate selective advantage.
Significantly more informed outlets (24%) than control outlets (13%) told the mystery shopper what to do if a child's health worsens.
She recalled first telling the President it was a twin-engine aircraft-and then a commercial aircraft-that had struck the World Trade Center, adding "that's all we know right now, Mr. President."
Demonstrate results: Performance measures should tell each organizational level how well it is achieving its goals.
Berger told us he would tell President Clinton if there was anything in these reports that he needed to know.
He told us that by the time he arrived, the order had already been passed down NORAD's chain of command.
’ And if I'd told you, ‘Well, I think our descendants will live 1,000 times longer,’ you'd have said, ‘Oh, come on!
As Binalshibh tells it, Atef instructed the three to return to Germany and enroll in flight training.
The Department of Justice said it denied the grant application, in part, because evaluators did not see enough collaboration between the organizations and victims' advocates, Ralphs and Milne told CVR board members.
It passed along a few foreign intelligence reports, including the Czech report alleging an April 2001 Prague meeting between Atta and an Iraqi intelligence officer (discussed in chapter 7) and a Polish report that personnel at the headquarters of Iraqi intelligence in Baghdad were told before September 11 to go on the streets to gauge crowd reaction to an unspecified event.
Number of cases in which the USPS was told by the Postal Rate Many years ago, when I was just starting my government career, one of my mentors gave me some advice, in the way of a quote purportedly from one Petronius Arbiter in 210 B.C.
Though the new officials were briefed about terrorism and some of the earlier planning, including that for Operation Infinite Resolve, they were focused, as Secretary Rumsfeld told us, on creating a twenty-first-century military.
The evidence of my ears tells me that the cochlea is very highly tuned, and an active resonance theory of some sort seems to provide the most satisfying explanation.
All told, 17% of shoppers who purchased drugs at informed outlets both received an approved drug and were told the correct dose, as compared to only 2% at control outlets (p < .001).
Charlie Allen told us that when these questions were discussed at the CIA, he and the Agency's executive director, A. B." Buzzy" Krongard, had said that either one of them would be happy to pull the trigger, but Tenet was appalled, telling them that they had no authority to do it, nor did he.
President Bush told the Washington Post that he considered having Powell deliver the ultimatum to the Taliban, but determined it would have more impact coming directly from the president.
The study of truly strange creatures can tell us what kinds of things are possible.
He told us he knew of no one at the Pentagon or the CIA who thought it was a bad gamble.
"Excuse me, can you tell me where I am?"
Today-just like yesterday-thousands of people daily knock on the door of legal services and they are told, "no one is home.
At 9:10, the senior director on the NEADS floor told the weapons director,"I want those fighters closer in."
He told me that there is a "three strikes and you're out" rule for commissioners on omnibus rates cases.
Indeed, as noted earlier, they were specifically told they could not issue advisories based on the briefing.
We will later tell of Clarke's evolution as adviser on and, in time, manager of the U.S. counterterrorist effort.
Finally, on the watchlist, officials told us that large lists were difficult to implement, particularly when they weren't accompanied by numeric data such as date of birth that would enable an air carrier to distinguish the terrorist from others around the world who had his or her name.
White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card told us he was standing with the President outside the classroom when Senior Advisor to the President Karl Rove first informed them that a small, twin-engine plane had crashed into the World Trade Center.
Back-page notices told of tightened security at embassies and military installations abroad and government cautions against travel to the Arabian Peninsula.
His son told him: "I think they've taken over the cockpit-An attendant has been stabbed- and someone else up front may have been killed.
Dale Watson, who did not attend any of the briefings, told us that Pickard complained after one of the briefings that Ashcroft did not want to be briefed on the threats because "nothing ever happened."
Lincoln once told his biographer and friend William Herndon that he had been infected with syphilis by a prostitute in Beardstown around 1835 [6].
To give a sense of his anxiety at the time, one senior official in the Counterterrorist Center told us that he and a colleague were considering resigning in order to go public with their concerns.
3B, the parameter "findabs" was set = 1. This tells PKQuest to use the input blood levels to determine the intestinal absorption rate (see Appendix for details).
An Interior Department representative told us that some of its bureaus use frequent flyer benefits to enable their employees to take training and attend conferences because their budgets do not cover non-program-related travel.
This finding may appear to be suprising, however it was not to us at the Motherisk NVP Helpline, because over the years, many women have told us that NVP can be so debilitating that they will try just about anything to alleviate their symptoms.
The White House coordinator, however, told us that these disputes were solely concerned with process, not the actual substance of the releases.
The next day, Berger and Clarke told President Clinton that while the investigation was continuing, it was becoming increasingly clear that al Qaeda had planned and directed the bombing.
Defense Secretary William Cohen told us Bin Ladin's training camps were primitive, built with "rope ladders"; General Shelton called them "jungle gym" camps.
We need to tell 'em if this stuff is gonna keep on going, we need to take those fighters, put 'em over Manhattan.
The Attorney General told us he asked Pickard whether there was intelligence about attacks in the United States and that Pickard said no.
Reno told us she did not mention her concerns to the President but discussed them with Berger, Tenet, White House Counsel Charles Ruff, and DOJ staff.
The special agent in charge of the Miami Field Office told us he did not learn of the high level of threat until after September 11.
A group of researchers in Indonesia, for example, recently told a depressingly familiar story of trying to search the medical literature in preparation for a research project [2]; access barriers got in their way.
Bolten told us he wanted to make sure the President was told that the Vice President had executed the order.
Hadley told us that he was able to do less policy development than in a normal two-month transition.
Bearing in mind, then, that the stories told in court will almost certainly diverge from one another, the panel emphasized that a person should do whatever possible to obtain objective evidence to confirm his or her story.
On Air Force One, the President's press secretary was taking notes; Ari Fleischer recorded that at 10:20, the President told him that he had authorized a shootdown of aircraft if necessary.
Spying on honeybee dances can not only tell us about the cues they use for navigation, but also allows insights into the cognitive architecture that governs other aspects of bee behaviour, such as the assessment of flower quality.
It therefore detailed specific U.S. demands for the Taliban: surrender Bin Ladin and his chief lieutenants, including Ayman al Zawahiri; tell the United States what the Taliban knew about al Qaeda and its operations; close all terrorist camps; free all imprisoned foreigners; and comply with all UN Security Council resolutions.
