Finally, the memo said, there was no confirmed reporting on Saddam cooperating with Bin Ladin on unconventional weapons.
A detainee says that 9/11 hijacker Khalid al Mihdhar told him about the maritime operation sometime in late 1999 and credited Nashiri as its originator.
Some say that Valenzuela and Ocomorena were one and the same, and when he was hanged, two Joaquíns were eliminated.
"The police need to be harsher,'' he said. "
"I'd like to help more disabled veterans or, at least, see more investigating self-employment," Miyares said. "
Giuliani's estrangement from his wife, Donna Hanover, is made clear in an interview with Hanover that appears in today's New York Times . Hanover "would not say whether Giuliani would run for the Senate, whether she would like him to run for Senate, or whether she would campaign for him if he did.
I was incommoded because the cutest young man was with him, but looking at me through long lashes over his muscled bicep, as if to say, "isn't this actually better?"
I gather you are on Achmed's team," he said, looking over at the man who had turned the tables on him, switch-hitting; first a damsel in distress Ambrose was saving from Sirenia, now a man with powerful connections who turned around and saved Ambrose.
When the attack occurred, 25 days before the election, candidate Bush had said to CNN, "I hope that we can gather enough intelligence to figure out who did the act and take the necessary action.
Sex should be between men and women who say "Okay, let's have sex' (with each other, I mean.)
John McCain, said he was reading The Oxford Book of Irish Short Stories , but was either lying or had just skimmed the book while procrastinating, since elsewhere he has said that his autobiography is due in his publishers' offices by the end of the year.
Hadley said that in the end, the administration's real response to the Cole would be a new, more aggressive strategy against al Qaeda.
Tonight," he said, "we are a country awakened to danger."
Well, like I said, I was reentering the room from the bathroom, so I was sort of in the doorway.
The idea, flowing from Hume to Berkeley to Kant then back to British empiricism, was the following: One might be mistaken in saying that a chair is in the room, but one could hardly be mistaken in reporting bits and pieces of one’s own awareness.
That is to say, the cell carries out a wide variety of molecular activities, including the turning on and o of transcription of genes into RNA; the processing of that RNA into mature messenger RNA; the translation of that RNA into proteins, the activities of many of those proteins as enzymes to catalyze reaction, the modification of the activities of enzymes by chemical events such as phosphorylation and dephosphorylation; the building of structural components such as bilipid membrane, and microtubule assembly and disassembly; and the construction of proteins and other receptors.
Based on this, I want to say that autonomous agents are parts of the ontological furniture of the universe.
2)quotes: "so Heraclitus, I think, says that even those who are asleep are workers and fellow-workers in the events of the world."
They resented the sending of Canadian troops to South Africa to support the British in the Boer War, and were no more enthusiastic about the Anglo-French alliance in World War I. Bourassa said “The real enemies of French-Canadians are not the Germans but English-Canadian anglicizers, the Ontario intriguers or Irish priests.”
One pincer battered its way through the rebuilt city wall, while the other — so it is said — infiltrated through a secret passage revealed to the invaders by the brother of the sheik himself.
, a parasite of arthropods, show the selection pressure that intracellular passengers can exert (see also the primer by Wernegreen in the March issue of PLoS Biology ). And cellfusion experiments hint that biparental inheritance of organelles does indeed cause problems, says Hurst.
Clinton recalled saying to Bush, "I think you will find that by far your biggest threat is Bin Ladin and the al Qaeda."
The cross is said to weigh 181,740 tons.
B.O.B. stands for Breathing Observatory Bubble, and these are said to be the first in Europe.
You can't have it both ways," said Judge Megan Lake Thornton of Fayette County District Court in recently fining two women $100 and $200 respectively for obtaining protective orders forbidding their partners from contacting them, then relenting and contacting the men.
And God said, Let us make man [Adam] in our own image after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the air, over all the cattle, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.
There is plenty of energy in the random motions of the gas particles, but there is no means to extract mechanical work from it, say, to drive a piston.
Legend says that the God Apollo arrived at Delphi by sea on a dolphin and slayed the monstrous python that guarded the entrance to the sanctuary.
In the interview, Rice also said the President characterized the war as "global in nature."
It is said that there are over 40 different performances taking place on every evening of the year in Amsterdam.
It said Richard Holbrooke gave the impression that he fully understood that "the obstacle to overcome is not in Pristina but in Belgrade."
And You said "Life goes on, within you and without you."
There are now, says the paper, 65 such local denominations, like the Ithaca (New York) HOUR (the original--created nine years ago), the Berkeley BREAD, and Kansas City's (Missouri or Kansas?
Cyril: How thrillingly political of you to say so, Vyvyan my unicornus.
Work is, says Atkins, a “thing.”
By contrast, says Gordon, ‘nanotechnology techniques then and now are tedious, involving painstakingly building three-dimensional structures up layer by layer’.
Both papers say these medications are attractive to those who only have sporadic sex and have trouble with consistent contraceptive planning.
In 1964, four-score-years-and-one after the initial defeat in the Supreme Court, the country could once again say that equal access to theaters and public accommodations was the law of the land.
If what you say is true, the estate tax (an absurd violation of "family values") wouldn't exist, and capital gains taxes would be slashed.
A sign simply says “S. Lourenço” — indicating the turn-off to São Lourenço do Matto (Church of St. Lawrence of the Woods).
They said that she was a white witch with potent magical powers who had murdered three husbands and an unidentified number of lovers before she herself died under mysterious circumstances.
Say it again.
There are some who will say that if Lincoln did not intend specifically to articulate the preamble to a new constitution, then the words spoken at Gettysburg could not possibly be, as I claim, the preamble to the postbellum constitution.
A stone pillar, now set in a pit and protected by railings, bears an inscription said to date from a.d. 913, but as it is normally wrapped in cloth you’re unlikely to see it.
Julius Rebek, a chemist now at the Scripps Institute, is fond of saying that the biggest molecule he knows of is Number 7 Illinois coal, a massive hunk of coal several miles long and wide and hundreds of feet deep.
But come instead for the spectacular view from the 297-m- (974-ft-) high Salto di Tiberio (Tiberius’ Leap) precipice, said to be the last pleasure enjoyed by the emperor’s enemies before they were hurled over the edge.
In addition, I was very angry when I left the June 7th meeting just because of the demeanor of the school board and the things that were being said.
You may remember that when I fled through Algeria, Eldridge Cleaver denounced me and said I never did anything to help the Black Liberation Army.
Recombination is said to be a useful “search procedure” in an evolving population.
King World executive Andy Friendly is quoted as saying, "We've lightened up the show with a new backdrop and more female-oriented material."
It must be said that the Huron were less interested in conversion to Christianity than in the goods to be gained from the fur traders who followed the priests on this first French settlement in Ontario.
Organizers say this is one of the highest rates anywhere in the nation.
And I know that she spoke because the thing that she said seemed very similar to her graduation speech that she had said just previously.
The chuck-wagon races are said to have originated when the last crew back in town had to buy all the drinks — now the prize pot totals over $200,000.
The defendants might say that even with the reporters testifying, they can't get them in.
On the other hand, the great twentieth-century philosopher Ludwig Witt-gen-stein said something similar in his majestic Philosophical Investigations.
The narrator says he was there when his friend played the trick, so he doesn’t believe in the legend (50).
Iraq has been under economic sanctions since the war ended, which some say have thwarted the country's ability to recover from the devastation of the bombing campaign.
"I'm no saint," the 80-year-old Tallahasseean said. "
Well, well, " it said, "good Indian.
You didn't say anything to me before you sent it.
Indeed, it is said that Scotland gave golf to the world.
This has led, says the Journal , to annual compensation rising 5-6 percent a year.
That's like saying the past creates the present, when everybody knows it's the other way around!
17, 2003; July 12, 2003 (in which KSM also says bojinka is not Serbo-Croatian for "big bang," as has been widely reported, but rather a nonsense word he adopted after hearing it on the front lines in Afghanistan).
As it happens, genes A and B have Boolean functions that depend on all three genes, A, B, and C. By examination, however, gene C has a Boolean function that depends only on genes A and C, not on gene B. To say that the activity of gene C depends only on A and C and not B means that once the combinations of activities of A and C are defined at a moment T, the next activity of C at T + is indepen-dent of whether B is on or o at time T. Indeed, the Boolean function is C = (not A or not C); that is, gene C will turn on at the next moment if at the current moment either A is not active or C is not active or both are not active.
It's just that Mr. Buckingham always seemed to say very inappropriate things.
To qualify for grants, [local law enforcement] must have organizations in their locale that are threats," he said. "
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year, most aren't yet taking precautions, the experts said.
You used to say.
Strange to say, however, that interest does not seem to be more than a few hundred years old: if the ancient Greeks and Romans, the Indians, the Chinese and other peoples were curious about their own prehistory, I have not heard of it.
Now generate sixty-four million diVerent small proteins, called peptides, say, six amino acids in length.
I asked him why other countries should risk their soldiers' lives if the United States wouldn't, and he replied, "I didn't say 'other nations,' I said the United Nations."
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted said that the agencies should move to a more standardized approach, and said that standardization could make the current system of participation more accessible to the public.
"I'll give you the details later, " says Mobe. "
I didn't say this strictly in the opinion, perhaps, but my opinion was not meant to allow the testimony of the reporters to go in any way, in particular, outside the four corners of the affidavits rendered by the reporters.
Marsha Chwastiak, an attorney in the Pottsville office of Mid-Penn Legal Services, said she would like to see more funds made available to provide social services for troubled families grappling with domestic violence issues.
There is no flagship shop or outlet per say, though some of the larger cafés in town carry a representation of the confections produced by the local factory which, although open to the public, would be of interest only to serious chocolate buffs.
Yet another way of stating this is to say that there is no finite prestatement of the configuration space of a biosphere.
It has taken four more years to understand more of what I still can only partially say in these investigations.
"We at the Bureau have the most exciting and satisfying jobs in the world," said Joseph, the Bureau's executive director. "
"The best that can be said is that observation (and we could stretch and call that consciousness, I guess) is implicated in every phenomenon we can observe and seemingly in every phenomenon we can theorize to explain.
This is not to say that good architecture is merely utilitarian.
They said 'I am a poor boy or girl' instead of 'I am a poor man or woman' to emphasize their humility (?) and spoke impersonally: 'it is said to you' instead of 'I say to you.
And he responded to her basically saying that there's, you know, a problem with the textbook, it needs to be balanced, comments about laced with Darwinism, it needed to be balanced with creationism.
Maintenance is a mammoth task, and it is said that painters work constantly on the structure, completing one end and immediately starting again at the other.
Some of the commenters also said that federal agencies should more commonly provide access to the economic analyses and other underlying rulemaking information that frequently resides in agencies' dockets.
Some economists say that even with a boom all those jobs are not likely to return.
So I think we're charged with, you know, having an ethical decision to make when we walk into the classroom, the things that we say and the things that we do, and so I think that's very important.
To the north of Narmada at Lingsar, a new spring is said to have burst into life to greet the Balinese when they came to Lombok, and they chose the site for an ecumenical temple intended to bring together people of different religions.
"We have bipartisan support on this issue and it isn't a tax increase," he said. "
I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had, individually and collectively, the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world.
“ Wise, just, and generous,” a contemporary Muslim historian said of her, “but she was not born of the right sex and so all the virtues were worthless. ”
"Call the psychiatrist, 47 " says the alligator official. "
And You said we could just fuck calmly, in Sein and Zeit.
But would it be a fair statement to say in the normal experience that newspaper reporters might spend five, ten, or fifteen minutes interviewing a person and then only put one line of that interview in an article?
"I realized with a shock that the work had really disintegrated and we had lost a whole generation of public-interest lawyers," she said. "
Golfers say that the best resort course is the Bukit Jambul Golf Club in Penang.
“The marketing spin on things,” said the scientist, “carries the day.”
Remember what she said in my last letter? "
(A responsible account of the whole controversy in today's New York Times reports that Kelsey says the pardon had nothing to do with her corroboration.)
' She said she would if he called again.
Hanover's press secretary, Joannie Danielides, said this week that Ms.
There are, says the paper, a total of 40 such suits on file, with Minnesota's turn coming next week.
"He said he had problems in his marriage," says Stephanopoulos, correcting Donaldson's deviation from the pre-scripted fudge-phrase of the day.
Rice said President Bush began the meeting with the words, "We're at war," and that Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet said the agency was still assessing who was responsible, but the early signs all pointed to al Qaeda.
Although White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card remembered someone telling him about the Saudi request shortly after 9/11, he said he had not talked to the Saudis and did not ask anyone to do anything about it.
Armitage said that the United States wanted Pakistan to take seven steps:
"The purpose of this meeting," he recalled saying,"is to assign tasks for the first wave of the war against terrorism.
Powell said that President Bush did not give Wolfowitz's argument "much weight."
(CENTCOM also began dusting off plans for a full invasion of Iraq during this period, Franks said.)
Our war on terror begins with al Qaeda, but it does not end there," he said."
This is not to say that your reason must be demonstrably correct, but you need a reason for your commitment for it to make any sense at all.
27 When Lincoln said, “All men are created equal,” therefore, he meant men—only males were equal in the sight of the Creator.
So having said that, their fear is that because of all those municipalities that they cover and the school districts that they cover, that at least in the Middle District Court, should a matter come up similar to this case, then they are exposed as a fact witness.
I did not view and do not view the law as providing that there is some exhaustion requirement, although I understand some cases have said that.
Because I think it does exactly what you just said.
What I've done is, it says that there's no extraneous unpublished material questioning.
I believe that to the extent -- and I've said this now several times -- that the reporters' testimony is necessary in order to invoke the residual hearsay exception under Rule 807, that the defendants have to have an opportunity to examine the reporters on the same topics and subjects that I would allow the plaintiffs to question them on during their case-in-chief, nothing more and nothing less.
Would we be at liberty to say, did you hear anything else, did you see anything else?
We can say that we've restricted the order in such a fashion that we believe the reporters will testify.
The individual who believes -- who was quoted and believes the statement was taken out of context or flatly that he didn't or she didn't say it and it's inaccurate will have the opportunity to say that during the defendants case-in-chief or at any other time during the trial.
Yeah, I asked her why she said that, and she said in school what they had been talking about or amongst her friends and what's going on.
I'm going to say I don't remember which board meetings I attended.
And so this newsletter was actually providing information to the residents of Dover as to what the actual newsletter was -- excuse me, what the actual statement was going to say.
I have a problem with it because my daughter came home from school and she says to me, What kind of Christian are you, anyway?
What I do recall, I -- as my husband said yesterday, I was pregnant at the time, so I have some reason to remember certain things.
And I distinctly recall Barrie Callahan sort of throwing her hands up in the air and saying, Oh, so this is about evolution.
And I obviously didn't know what Max had said to the board but that he had spoken to the board.
And I know that she spoke because the thing that she said seemed very similar to her graduation speech that she had said just previously.
Do you remember specifically anything he said?
First, as a teacher, professionally, I feel that teachers in general are harmed, myself, as well, because there's a dichotomy here in what they're saying about this statement that they have passed on intelligent design as they're not teaching it.
I wouldn't say at the end, but closer to the end of the course.
It's just that I didn't give much credit to Noel Weinrich's comments because he would say things like, Darwin's at least what, years old, a theory becomes a theory if you say it over and over again.
I don't know that scientifically I'm qualified to say, you know, that I believe many scientific concepts because I'm -- I'm not a scientist.
But as much as I know about what the high school science standards say, it would be in standing with that.
Now, what was your reaction to what you saw and heard at the board meeting on or about -- I think you said June the 15th or 16th?
You said you just skimmed this biology book that was at the center of the controversy?
I said, I don't recall whether or not I did say that I had spoken with her after suit was filed.
"Tarrin says the planet's a freaking gemstone!
In the first chapter of Uncle Tom's Cabin , Miss Stowe offers a dialogue between Haley and Mr. Shelby, part of which goes, “ `Well,' said Haley, after they had both silently picked their nuts for a season, `what do you say?
Muskrat .' So I think that's just the way everyone said muscat .”
Not to say a quality of confusion—pronoun-cedly so.
Some, like French, Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese, had more in common with one another than they did with, say, German, English, Swedish, Danish, and Dutch, which, in turn, bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish, on the one hand, and the two extant varieties of, say, Gaelic, on the other.
...Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity does not say that E = MC² and in leap year MC³.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language . One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
Iraq says it has done so and has barred inspectors since late 1998.
Iraq says the United States and Britain hold up delivery of needed supplies, using their clout in the United Nations.
The minister, who has his own website, also said: "I want Dubai to be the best place in the world for state-of-the-art technology companies."
He said that it would he possible for the companies working in the electronic trade sector to make Dubai their headquarters, and to establish offices here and provide employment and own machinery in the zone opened to companies fully owned by the foreigners.
"You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time," Mr. Matchett said, adding : "It's a pretty good bet they won't get caught."
Moreover, he said, technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they've been "erased" from a computer's memory.
At Monterrey, publisher Luis Gabriel Cano, although shaken by the murders, issued a statement saying: "We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking.
Perelson and Oster guessed that the newt repertoire must cover a substantial fraction, say about 1/e = where e is the natural base for logarithms = or 37 percent of shape space.
Needless to say, this is a must if we are going to continue to offer a top-notch education to our young people.
There is much to be said about the proper reading of this passage, particularly in relation to the contrary story of creation in Genesis 2, a story that supposedly justifies the subordination of women.
After Scrooge has been visited by the three spirits, " ...it was always said of him that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge.
At the beginning, I jumped = more realistically, I struggled = for weeks searching for a constellation of properties that seemed promising, in order to articulate something I sensed but could not yet say.
Hoosier hospitality" is everything they say - that's why so many artists fall in love with the IRT and keep returning.
As someone has said, Columbus only thought that he had discovered Jamaica.
Who can say?
Look up one of your favorite professors and say hello, or come by the Dean's Office.
Two ponds in the temple compound are said to be fed by waters from the holy Gosainkund Lake high in the Himalayas.
“For want of a nail, the shoe was lost; for want of the shoe, the horse was lost; and for want of the horse, the rider was lost,” more or less, said Benjamin Franklin.
I'm a concrete baby; I'm not crazy; and besides that I'm blind", Miyares said.
The 17th-century chapel of Domine Quo Vadis marks the site where St. Peter, fleeing Nero’s persecution in Rome, is said to have encountered Christ.
Ah, said many of us, in diVerent voices around the room: Martian life is radically diVerent from Earth life.
They said that because of those high school trips to the IRT, they have made professional theatre an integral part of their cultural lives.
Destroyed by three hurricanes in this century and rebuilt each time, the church is now said to be almost entirely constructed of pieces of iron.
Such slow operation is said to be reversible.
The rescuer said the mother abandoned this baby.
On his much awaited feastday held twice annually (the first Sunday of May and 19 September), the blood is said to liquify, even “boil”: When it doesn’t, disaster befalls Naples.
The most that one could say is that they never consented and that therefore when they matured and reached the age of consent they were entitled to say no.
Acklins Island is said to be surrounded by virgin water for anglers — the fish are still unaware of the lure or the fly, though tourist facilities are limited here.
But could we have said beforehand that Gertrude’s ugly skin flaps would happen to be of use that day?
"I make sure he gets his lunch on time, take his blood tests throughout the day, and make sure there's a snack around," JoAnn said. "
During the fifth century a number of Celtic tribes came together to form the Kingdom of Rheged, which is said to have stretched north over what is now the Scottish border and south as far as the River Mersey.
A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients: "You can earn the money to support yourself and your family," she says. "
Due to fears that the unsupported ceiling would collapse at any time, the architect is said to have employed only convicts under sentence of death to work on the project.
I’ll say it again.
"They tried tremendously to help me at the Blind Rehabilitation Center, but the only resources for a businessperson were for the non-disabled and non-blind", Miyares said.
To the right of the chapel is a fragment of rare jasper said to come from the column to which Jesus was tied for his flagellation.
For the sake of argument, let’s say there are about five thousand molecular species in E. coli.
I don't know what we'd do without Cameron," JoAnn said. "
Guided bus tours take you to the mammoth vehicle-assembly building (so huge that it is said clouds sometimes form inside) and to other fascinating displays of space technology in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Museum.
The amendment does not say that the state may not create relationships of subordination or slavery.
Asked what is most special about her husband, JoAnn, with quiet conviction, says, "I think it's helping other disabled people.
Some say that the fountain of youth is here, in the clean water filtering through the limestone from the surface.
And that number is very large indeed, for it is on the order of N. Say there are particles in the Earth system, a very crude guess, then the total number of adjacent possible microstates is about raised to the to the st power.
That's why I believe it's important for you to hear what people outside of our ministry are saying about The Salvation Army.
The temple enshrines a 5-m (16-ft) standing figure of Kannon, the Goddess of Mercy, said to have been carved more than 1,000 years ago from the trunk of a single Judas tree.
He goes on to say, “Hispanic graveyards are places of color, where paints, flowers, and tiles combine to comfort the bereaved and startle the gringo” (88).
Following a show, a young couple came up to the stage to say hello.
It is said that the artist’s agonizing self-portrait can be made out in the flayed skin of St. Bartholomew, to the right below Jesus.
“Never,” said Steve.
"When Urban left for Vietnam, we'd only been married a short time," JoAnn said. "
Dreamers still dig for the gold doubloons, emeralds, rubies, and diamonds that Captain William Kidd, lovable villain of Robert Louis Stevenson’s Treasure Island, is said to have buried here.
To say that the Gettysburg Address provides the preamble to a new constitutional order is, to say the least, a bold claim.
"Just like us, Cyril, says Vyvyan lovingly. "
At 9:30, the controller began to poll the other flights on his frequency to determine if they had heard the screaming; several said they had.
The semantics of the yuck or yum coming into a simple autonomous agent  say, an early bacterium  is somehow linked with the embodied know-how of that agent in making a living, or failing to make a living, in its world.
South," said the agents, "but we question his tactics."
The Post doesn't give Gates' account of that e-mail, but USAT says he testified that he didn't recall receiving it.
The ancient library of Alexandria founded by Ptolemy I was said to be the greatest collection of manuscripts in the ancient world comprising some 70,000 items.
They attempt to follow the ITT principle (but with missing data) to answer question (i) above, hoping that the dropouts can hypothetically be removed by, say, a truly ITT design, or by successfully using concurrent treatments for intolerable side effects without affecting the efficacy of the study medication.
The no-free-lunch theorem says that, averaged over all possible fitness landscape, no search procedure outperforms any other search procedure.
Apparently, the mother said, 'We are circumcised and insist on circumcising our daughters so that there is no mixing between male and female.
A scolding woman was said to give her husband a dish of tongues, and the old Sussex bachelor often gave crisp reasons for staying single: one went on record as saying Mesel, I ain't no marryin' man, fer I can't see naun in givin' 'arf yer grub away ter get t' other 'arf cooked.
The major festivals discussed below are joined by the Film Festival, the Jazz and Blues Festival, and the Book Festival (said to be the biggest public book fair in the world).
He said a package of 20 letters of support failed to reach some of the judges.
For those who knew Lincoln well, this might not have been a surprise, for he had said two years before: “I never had a feeling politically that did not spring from the sentiments embodied in the Declaration of Independence.”
Then, he barks out orders to the evil spirit to say his name.
USAT also stresses this, calling it an "extraordinary arrangement," but then goes on to quote a Justice spokesman saying that Reno and Freeh have entered into such agreements before.
The beautiful gold-threaded mantle, made in 1031, is said to belong to St. Stephen.
The Texas Medication Algorithm Project, said Jones, was based on “expert consensus” from industry-supported meetings.
Moreover, once a new species comes into existence, say, Godzilla’, it may not fare well in its new niche, hence, may go extinct soon.
She was bound in a rug and left in the lost and found at the Gare du Nord, say unidentified agents of the Sureté. "
Columbus is also said to have landed, as did Ponce de León.
The numbers of gametocytes and the infectiousness to mosquitoes at day 7 were also reduced compared to a combination of CQ and SP, said the authors.
Next, says Maxwell, warming to his point, “Imagine that my wee friend operates the flap valve such that, whenever a fast gas particle approaches the window from inside the left box toward the right box, he opens the flap and lets the faster than average, hence hotter, gas particle through.
Those guys are The Killers," Ambrose said. "
A spokesman for the Irish government said, "We don't inquire"; diplomats from the Netherlands and Sweden, which recognize same-sex partnerships as equal to marriages, said discretion is used when posting gay officials to sexually conservative countries; and a Swedish embassy spokesman said the country has "two or three" gay ambassadors abroad.
Nothing says “Las Vegas” quite like this; the glittering costumes and chorus line of showgirls is what the myth was based on.
Roodman said Hilliker is in an excellent position to help the foundation attract more private donors and recruit lawyers in private practice to volunteer their services. "
The crude argument says that a cell’s metabolism has about organic molecules.
'He'll have to rest after this,' Blanche said, dropping her eyes on her water-colour.
An article says the two camps can learn from each other: Indies offer character development and plot, while big-budget movies create "a coveted gloss and Zeitgeist energy that cannot be matched in the world of the shoestring budget."
Lawyers and judges are trying to raise money for the agency that many say has worked magic with little more than gumption, hardscrabble dollars and a rambling, second-floor warren of rooms across the street from City Hall.
It must say precisely what it means” (1983, 105).
Never mind, of course, that public broadcasting isn't under attack, that NPR receives little of its support directly from Congress, and that NPR spokespeople say the letter is useless.
It is said that King Minos installed his brother Rhadamanthys as ruler here.
The agency also is in danger of losing $470,000 over the next 18 months from the Violence Against Women Act, but is appealing that decision, Mathews said.
"Try stripping him and leaving him in a cold shower for a while-that'll get him singing," says the man in black.
He might be right--I can't say.
Construction began in the 13th century and reached its zenith in the 15th century under King Mátyás, when the palace was said to be equal in grandeur to that of any in Europe.
Gwen Bouie-Haynes, project director of the Domestic Violence Services Center for Catholic Charities Inc., said often domestic violence survivors do not have the money to seek legal representation.
Say the largest mixed red-blue colony corresponds to red secreting molecules per second, blue secreting molecules per second.
He says to himself, "I can tell that extinction nears for that child is near.
In a leader Tuesday, the Financial Times of London said the election results brought both good and bad news: "The good news is that the new Duma is likely to be younger, and somewhat more sympathetic towards economic liberalism than the last one.
The Oceanarium is said to be the largest in the world, and the Ocean Theatre features displays by dolphins, killer whales, seals, and pelicans.
This was in our strike zone," a senior military officer said.
Consider, he said, legal language, and try translating it to ordinary statements about human agents without using legal concepts.
BOGOTÁ, Colombia, Sept. 17 - The United Nations said today that American-financed aerial eradication of Colombia's vast coca fields is starting to pay big dividends and released estimates that show the size of the crop dropping by 32 percent in the first seven months of the year.
"We believe that Internet users are the soccer moms of the 2000 election," said Ron Nehring, director of national campaigns for Americans for Tax Reform, which asked all presidential candidates to sign a declaration opposing any Internet taxes.
The Seminole Indians of Red Bay on Andros are said to produce the finest work on the Bahamas, though each island has its own individual patterns and differences in style.
Riggs says legal-aid agencies help stabilize society; they're a safety net for those in need.
Below the phase transition temperature, the ferromagnet tends to line up with magnetic spins all pointing the same way, say, north pole upward, hence, the material is magnetized.
Londoño said, sniffing audibly.
"Diversity enhances learning," says university President Lee Bollinger.
Its huge cost gave rise to a Portuguese saying that João transformed the diamonds of Brazil into the rocks of Mafra.
"Our legal services are already stretched to the breaking point," Schmitt said. "
Since finding older cars, say from the 1950s, is becoming difficult, some low riders now customize small trucks, motorcycles, and bicycles as well.
Masai leaders say the agreement ought to be invalidated because their predecessors were clearly taken advantage of by the white settlers.
All gave to CNAC in order to help Alexander's presidential run, and all but one say they have already donated or will donate to Alexander's presidential campaign.
The situation is said to be improving now, as new environmental controls are being put into place.
"He has the cachet of being a long-standing family court judge, and lots of people like him," she said.
In 1790, for instance, an act of industrial espionage is said to have launched the domestic textile industry, if not American manufacturing in general.
' Herr Siegfried, Heidegger is saying what the Buddha says--'As soon as human cognition here calls for an explanation, it fails to transcend the world's nature, and falls short of it.
First of all, Taylor came right out and said these talks had taken place.
A guide will help to point out details that your untrained eye might miss — such as the monstrous face of Kronos here to eat his new offspring Zeus, and the small nipple shaped stalagmites on which the infant god is said to have suckled.
“Traditional models tended to assume perfect data with no holes in it,” says Kleiber.
This is the way we live today, Gehry seems to be saying, why not enjoy it?
And you said, "There is no purpose.
A 1992 New Yorker cartoon showed one campaign worker talking to another in an office near the Capitol, and bore a caption that read, "So what you're saying is that Joe Sixpack and Joe Blow are one and the same person?"
Computer buffs say that the deals on computer software, pirated or otherwise, are better in KL, Penang, and Johor Bahru.
This information becomes relevant, it is said, to Justice Department officials monitoring the distribution of voting power in congressional districts.
Even Marcuse, for all his slavering after erotic freedom, says labor is grounded 'in an essential excess of human existence beyond every possible situation in which it finds itself and the world.
The subhead over USAT 's Y2K story says the Senate report "cites vulnerability but little risk of disaster" and the story proper quickly includes calming words from two senators.
Growing involvement in electronics, telecommunications, nuclear power, and space satellites is intended to take the country, as one official said, “directly from the 19th into the 21st century. ”
Poor man, his only girlfriend said he "felt things so deeply.
There was the bullying portentous tone, which said, "This is unbelievably important--so you, shut up."
But let the system be partitioned into two or more domains, say, by a membrane.
Needless to Say
Dolloff said the two attorneys staffing the center, Patricia A. Levesh and Vita Palazzolo, will work closely with the domestic violence service organizations.
This has led Palmer to wonder whether the distinction between initial and boundary conditions and laws is really as clean as it appears in, say, Newtonian physics.
Guth says the universe is "the ultimate free lunch."
In 1999, pro-fascism is such a bizarre stance that it's almost easier to believe Buchanan isn't saying what he seems to be saying than to recognize his views for what they are.
The view offshore from its mostly stony little beaches is dominated by the island of Sa Dragonera, said to look like a dragon rising from the sea, and subject of a long legal battle between would-be developers and conservationists.
That said, Congress still took too little action to address institutional weaknesses.
With regard to the first two of the Reconstruction Amendments, the courts gutted the great aspirations of the new constitutional order and led many professorial observers to teach that our Constitution really was what the segregationist courts said it was.
"Nothing can be a greater symbol of feudalism than the hand-drawn rickshaw," it said.
Though more expensive than Dominican — the harvest here is small — Puerto Rican cigars are said to be mild and full of flavor.
The President noted that Tenet did not say he did not have authority to kill Bin Ladin.
The hypothetical hypercycle consists of a set of replicating RNA sequences, say A, B, C, and D, each of which is actually a plus and minus strand that are template complements.
An interview with new National Rifle Association President Charlton Heston reveals his extremism: He is quoted on white supremacist David Duke's Web site and has said that "Clinton's cultural shock troops ...
Outside the big cities, make a habit of saying an appropriate Bonjour or Au revoir when entering or leaving a shop or café.
Steven Gottlieb, the society's executive director, said, "I can't imagine anything that could be better than to have the governor of the state, in his first act as a private citizen, donate six months of his time to represent poor people . . . That's just astounding to me."
And now,” concludes Maxwell with a broad smile, “we can use the macroscopic temperature dierence between the left and right boxes to extract mechanical work, say, by driving a piston.”
He slid into the water next to me and we bobbed up and down smiling and cruising, I trying to assure myself I was still cute and attractive, Ferd called upon to concentrate so long on one person that sexual desire snuck up on him unbidden--in fact, he would later say, unpermitted in his job as director and animator of our clump of radical patients and victims, since a sexual liaison would reduce his availability to "listen, handhold, inspire, cajole, hug, solace" the others he thought in his care.
Esperar can mean to wait or to hope, but to clarify the latter meaning one can say abrigo la esperanza , literally, I have the hope.
Its prized possessions are two: the haunting Volto Santo (Holy Face), a wooden crucifix said to have been carved by Nicodemus and possessing miraculous powers; and the graceful white marble tomb of Ilaria del Carretto Guinigi by master Sienese sculptor Jacopo de lla Quercia (1408) in the former sacristy.
While court officials are concerned about the findings, their assistance can only go so far, said Winnie Comfort, a spokeswoman for the Administrative Office of the Courts.
In the face of the conviction that the peep show violates the dignity of the women who choose to participate, there is little one can say.
--slowly, I say, umm . hmm--
Inga had blond curls and beefy arms like a stevedore and was excited about seeing the bigcity but said she wanted to go home and was going to call the police if he didn't take her.
Among other legends surrounding the statue is a very modern one: During the Chinese Cultural Revolution, when Red Guards were running rampant on Wanchai island, just a swim away, the image of St. James is said to have stepped down from the altar and halted an invasion.
Apparel assembly is described in the next chapter, but for now it is enough to say that all the pieces for a custom garment must be kept together during assembly.
They said 'I am a poor boy or girl' instead of 'I am a poor man or woman' to emphasize their humility (?) and spoke impersonally: 'it is said to you' instead of 'I say to you.
The LAT says the benefits would extend up to those who earn $100,000 a year, then calls it a "middle class" tax cut.
There are wonderful views from here (weather permitting — which it doesn’t most of the time), including the Roque de los Muchachos and the monolithic Roque Idafe, said to have been the sacred altar of the first Guanche natives on the island.
Council aides said yesterday that they did not have a head count for the cuts at the Law Department, but that the City Council plan is tilted towards the elimination of legal positions, which at 10 percent would require the layoff of more than 65 lawyers.
It is said that Cihuacoatl carried a little baby cradle on her back, or a dead baby in her arms, as she roamed the country crying through the nights.
"It's put us at a little bit of a competitive disadvantage," he said. "
"I said he could have them in return for opening-night tickets--which he never sent me."
It is said that any will to which one swears before the church’s altar is recognized as valid by the courts of Barcelona, a practice that dates to the tenth century.
NLS expanded when Legal Services Corp., the federal agency that funds providers of free legal services nationwide, reduced the number of grantees in the Los Angeles area from five to three, Dudovitz said.
Now in normal physics, say, college-level physics, all these specifications occur at the beginning of the problem, in the statement of the initial and boundary conditions.
Mr. Egg (again): Your Latin is vulgar, to say the least.
All three supermarket tabs report the end of the marriage of singers Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown, a decision the Globe says was cemented by his latest arrest, this time for allegedly having touched a woman against her will.
Legend says they’re the marks of a giant’s fingernails, scraped out in a single night.
This is not to say that open-access journals cannot generate a surplus or profit—simply that they do not do so by restricting access to their primary research content.
Consider all the kinds of organic molecules on, within, or in the vicinity of the Earth, say, out to twice the radius of the moon.
That said, there’s plenty to entertain children.
This translates to saying that we should know, at least one next to nearest neighbour distance.
Brown responded on December 10, 1789, to Slater’s initial inquiry, saying Almy and Brown certainly wanted the assistance of a person with Slater’s skills because an experimental mill had failed, “no persons being acquainted with the business, and the frames imperfect.”
"I hope this says something," Ferd says to himself. "
"They're scared stiff of Bill Clinton," said Shields of the Republicans.
Kruszewski reflected upon the problems he said he had encountered in Pennsylvania, saying that “there is no accountability in the system for oversight [agencies].”
On the other side, in blue rather than gray, he might have said, “I am fighting for the Union” with the nagging sense that dying for a governmental structure was slightly ridiculous.
The little girl has ridden every day, and says Ning Nong is her best friend.
"As literate and understated as one could expect" from Hollywood, says the Los Angeles Times ' Kenneth Turan.
Major journeys from one part of the country to another, say, from Milan to Rome or down to Naples, is most enjoyed by train buffs and travelers with plenty of time, patience, and curiosity.
father said. "
Nothing to do for this file.
They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact--and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact.
She said Dunleavy caught her by surprise.
But she did say in the interview, which was conducted before the recent frenzy of speculation about Hillary Rodham Clinton's interest in the same New York Senate seat, that Mrs. Clinton is a 'very interesting' person.
Both reveal that Tony Blair had conferred with Diana about a goodwill ambassador job shortly before her death, and USAT reports that Le Figaro says a dying Diana gave two crash witnesses a message for her family and children.
The finding, if it holds up, says the Times , may lead to a simple way for airline travelers to fight jet lag.
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander-protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught.
He quoted Psalm 23-"though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death . . ." No American, he said,"will ever forget this day."
Secretary Powell said the United States had to make it clear to Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Arab states that the time to act was now.
The U.S. military, Franks said, did not have an off-the-shelf plan to eliminate the al Qaeda threat in Afghanistan.
The secretary said his instinct was to hit Saddam Hussein at the same time-not only Bin Ladin.
Rice said that when President Bush called her on Sunday, September 16, he said the focus would be on Afghanistan, although he still wanted plans for Iraq should the country take some action or the administration eventually determine that it had been involved in the 9/11 attacks.
For the community of nations, so recognized, equality—let us, say, with regard to voting rights in the General Assembly of the United Nations—becomes a norm readily enforced.
That went specifically to our August 2nd order which, in effect, said that the reporters would have to testify at certain depositions.
And by saying that the motion was untimely, it was not legally untimely, it was untimely in my view only in the sense that it came, as I said, on the eve of trial, when we knew that there was going to be an issue with respect to their testimony at trial.
I can't say that to the word, and that's why the opinions were crafted the way that they were.
And then in the course of that conversation, the defendants counsel had stated, for example, we would like the opportunity to ask if they heard Mr. So and So say something, why didn't they write that.
By doing so, the reporters would be verbalizing the contents of said affidavit -- I think, actually, they were your words when we had the telephone conference -- by testifying as to what appears in the newspaper article or articles, unless such affidavit is otherwise accepted by all parties as validating and authenticating the contents of the newspaper article or articles in issue.
You're either going to believe the reporters or you're going to believe Mr. Buckingham or Mr. Bonsell or whomever when they say, I didn't say that.
When you say "reported," what do you mean by that?
This is my understanding, either denied that they said what was reported in the articles or said that they were statements taken out of context.
When so and so said this thing, you know, it was in response to what, what question or what else was being talked about when this statement was made.
And she looked at me and she said, Well, Mom, evolution is a lie, what kind of Christian are you, anyway, which I found to be very upsetting.
But I was actually asked by my friend at work, who said to me, would you be interested in having the ACLU contact you, and I said yes.
"I would say more like 2000."
Well, you said that you were upset by the policy because it conflicts with your religion?
As I said, I graduated from Dover High School.
Do you recall any other board members saying anything during the course of any discussion about the biology textbook?
Do you remember anything else that was said by any members of the public at that meeting?
Again, there were many, many things that happened at that school board meeting, and I can tell you that I was very much interested in what was being said.
And, actually, at that meeting -- I believe the beginning of the meeting was an apology, actually, which he had prepared in advance apologizing to the members of the community if he had said anything that offended them.
Barrie -- I'm sorry, Alan Bonsell said very clearly that -- Dr. Nilsen had said something, as well, about the tapes, that it's not policy or something like that, that this is not past practice, this is not policy, this is not standard policy to release tapes to the public.
But in addition, Alan Bonsell said very inappropriate things, and Noel Weinrich said very inappropriate things.
Those are the kind of things he would say.
And as far as I know, that is the case, because Dover says that it is a standards-based school, and so I assume that when they say that and they say that students have to pass certain material before they can be advanced into new material, that they would have to be abiding by the state standards.
Can you say that again?
In fact, if you read the statement, it says to educate our students so that they can be contributing members of society.
I said earlier Mr. Maldonado was for the Dispatch.
I mean, if that's what it says in my deposition testimony, that's what I testified to at the time.
One is entitled to speculate on what outrageous proposal the narrator had made in Proust's Remembrance of Things Past, Vol. 2—Cities of the Plain (translated by C. K. Scott Moncrieff—Modern Library, N.Y., 1934, Page 90) to cause the Duchess to say, “Apart from your balls, can't I be of any use to you?”
He had known “Kid” Ory well, and he said, “You know, Tom, I'm not exactly sure.
There is really no excuse, Fowler says (not he says!)
Usually, they come in sets of three, one with its hands over its eyes, one over its ears, and one over its mouth: they were said to represent “See no evil, Hear no evil, Speak no evil.”
In the matter of pronunciations of BrEng names, it is an old-fashioned fantasy of Americans that Brits go round saying POM-frit for Pontefract : most Brits that I have heard give the name a spelling pronunciation these days; and so with many of the old shibboleths.
Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done.
He said he would pay particular attention to what happens to food and medicine entering the country under the U.N. oil-for-food program.
Rep. Tony Hall, D-Ohio, did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait, but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis.
Hall, who recently returned from a trip to Iraq, said U.N. economic sanctions have hurt millions of civilians there.
Sheikh Mohammed, who is also the UAE Defence Minister, said during the launching ceremony "we wish to make Dubai a center of modern economy".
It "may well be" that theft of business data is "as serious a strategic threat to national security" as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms, said Michelle Van Cleave, the White House's assistant director for National Security Affairs.
Under Mr. Gorbachev, Mr. Goode said, the Soviets are openly stealing Western corporate communications.
This week, the government arrested Jose Abello Silva, said to be the fourth-ranking cartel leader.
Afonso Henriques, the first King of Portugal, is said to have been born in the castle and baptized nearby, in the small Romanesque Igreja de São Miguel do Castelo.
In eect, the chair object extends a line to the screw object as it says, “I need a lean-on!
May that be truly said of us, and all of us!"
It is said there are 330 million gods in the Hindu pantheon, but they might be seen as 330 million facets of a single divinity.
Style without content quickly degenerates into caricature, like a speaker who makes grand gestures and rhetorical flourishes, but has nothing to say.
And she was always there for us;" Wanda says of her mother.
It is said that the great Renaissance artist originally planned the statue to adorn his own grave.
One day over an Indian dinner in Santa Fe, thinking of the issues above and of more to come, I said, “Phil, the concept of work is rather puzzling.”
Perhaps you can hear Gregory Peck's voice saying it now.
Her son Philip married Isabella of Spain and in 1500 she gave birth to Charles, future Charles V, ruler of the Netherlands, Holy Roman Emperor, but more importantly, King of Spain and all her dominions — an empire on which it was said the sun never set.
Crystals have very regular structures, so the diVerent parts of the crystal, in some sense, all “say” the same thing.
They said they both felt they knew me like an old friend because they'd been coming to see IRT shows since their high school days.
You’ll also find a gold and diamond crucifix said to contain a piece of the true Cross.
A simple autonomous agent, say, a bacterium, is a Darwinian creature.
No matter what anyone says to you, don't let'em get your goat.
It was here in the third century b.c. that the famous mathematician Archimedes is said to have proven his water displacement theory in the bath, and then run naked into the street crying “Eureka” (I have it! )
For confidentiality reasons, the actual costs and weekly sales volumes for our manufacturer are disguised; however, the cost numbers and sales volumes that appear in this case are reasonable numbers for, say, an upscale dress-shirt manufacturer.
He said that I might "midnite requisition" one.
Consider a typical program, say written in C, Java, or some other language.
. I am proud to say that our law school and fellow graduates play a significant role both in Indiana and the nation.
This theater now contains some of her imperial garments, jewelry, and cosmetics, as well as a Mercedes-Benz said to be the first passenger car in China.
She walked about saying: ‘O my beloved sons, now we are about to go!
"The Winter Sports Clinic helped Urban a lot", JoAnn said. "
In the rear of the hall is a sacred stone floor, heavily dented, where generations of leaping monks are said to have left the imprint of their training.
THE GIRL SCOUT LAW I will do my best to be Honest, and fair, Friendly and helpful, Considerate and caring, Courageous and strong, and Responsible for what I say and do, and to Respect myself and others Respect authority Use resources wisely, Make the world a better place, and Be a sister to every Girl Scout.
In the seventh century a.d. over a million workers were said to be involved in this project, but in the centuries since — until the Ming Dynasty — much of the wall fell into ruin.
The social planner thinks ahead, say, ten periods, finds that pattern of construction activities over time that creates the sequence of symbol-string goods, or Lego objects, that maximizes the time-discounted happiness of the consumer.
Remember what she said in my last letter? "
It is said that 30,000 defenders died but there were 118,000 fatalities among the besiegers.
Nick is in his fifth year of remission and we're saying he's been cured.
Next to the three-story pagoda is a ginkgo tree said to be over 1,000 years old.
It remains an open question whether other structures and processes in the universe that may not be autonomous agents  say, lifeless galaxies, stars, the giant molecular clouds in galaxies, or lifeless planets  can generate and propagate diversifying organization as radically well as do biospheres.
"I wouldn't have been able to do what I've done without JoAnn," Miyares said.
At Tabgha is the Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fishes, where it is said that Jesus fed the multitudes.
Now a story about tractors: It is said, and I choose to believe it true, that some engineers were hard at it trying to invent the tractor.
In 1729 Benjamin Franklin said a journalist ought to be qualified with an extensive acquaintance with languages, a great easiness and command of writing and relating things clearly and intelligibly, and, in a few words, he should be able to speak of war both by land and sea, be well acquainted with geography, with the history of the time, with the several interests of princes and states, the secrets of courts, and the manners and customs of all nations.
Those that do have computer equipment say that the consistency of cutting was their primary reason for purchasing computer-driven cutting systems.
JoAnn says working with Urban in the office is fun.
To say that Las Vegas is a non-traditional city barely begins to hint at what a trip here will foretell.
“I endeavor to design buildings that express a sense of belonging,” Jacobsen says, “buildings that reflect or abstract the nearby architecture and the traditions dictated by the climate and local materials.”
(Dennis O'Connor, The Kroger Company) We are proud to say that we have a long list of donors, many of whom have been long-time supporters! "
At the southern end, beside a pond with a pavilion in the middle, is Padmini’s Palace, where the princess is said to have passed her last days.
After terrific audiences appreciated the inspiring Abe Lincoln in Illinois (including 7,891 students), we added a two-week extension for the extremely popular Having Our Say on our Upperstage theatre.
For the West Coast peoples, as the song says, the living was easy.
However, several security managers said that the development of automated monitoring tools is lagging behind the introduction of new computer and network technologies and that this has impaired their efforts to detect incidents, especially unauthorized intrusions.
And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master . . . I will not go out free, then his master shall bring him . . . to the door or to the door post, and his master shall bore his ear through with an awl and he shall serve him Forever.
My name is Ahmed Oedipus Ben Maas," he says, "and for me, 'work' is something other than labor…The artisan lives his work as a relation of symbolic exchange, abolishing the definition of himself as 'laborer' and the object as 'product of his labor.
Le Soir of Brussels said Thursday in an editorial that the king of the Belgians is "the incarnation of a unifying morality and of proclaimed virtue."
The Hindus say we cannot escape our karma, but that with good judgment and foresight we can use it to our advantage.
Pickard said he replied that he could not assure Ashcroft that there would be no attacks in the United States, although the reports of threats were related to overseas targets.
but so wounded that his turning down is turning towards him, nothing to say becdause he is a man among men and women, not my kind (a man among women and men) no place to hide
And when he crosscuts between a James Brown concert and a WASP party is he saying that Jews are turned on by blacks because blacks are so unbuttoned--because they shake, rattle, and roll?
One inmate returning for the guided tour — surprisingly, some do, out of nostalgia — said the food was better than he had eaten in many San Francisco hotels.
The article said (incorrectly) that the Saudis were sharing Tayyib's information with the U.S. and British authorities.
Namely, Darwin would say, this causal consequence of the heart is the virtue for which it was, and persistently is, selected by natural selection.
Uprooting the ranchers, government officials said, would be disastrous for the economy, which relies heavily on Western assistance and on tourism, a major source of hard currency.
Hugues was anointed at Reims with an oil said to have been brought to earth by the angels, thus establishing kingship by divine right for the French.
But still, he says, “we have all the tools we need to prevent this—there are enough people who are sufficiently honest [who would counter the premature use of fMRI in these contexts].”
The coordination aVorded by the catalytic tasks that are jointly present and fulfilled is highlighted if we recall that, in general, two molecular species, say, A’ and A”, might undergo a variety of diVerent reactions that form, in addition to A, perhaps E, L, M, P, and other molecular species.
"The woman is obviously paranoid," said Lt.
Top U.S. schools and laboratories are worried that repercussions from the alleged theft of nuclear secrets will hamper the recruitment of talented Asian and Asian-American researchers, says the Wall Street Journal . Since the charges in May that China gathered a rich harvest of nuclear secrets from ethnic Chinese lab workers, the U.S. government has slowed the visa approval process, making academic exchanges with China more difficult.
A side chapel is said to be where the manger stood.
A former president of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, Zelon, 49, says her 30 years of public-interest work have allowed her to understand the legal needs of the underprivileged.
“I need a lean-on, I need a lean-on,” says the “chair” object.
How can you say that?
Libération, the left-leaning Paris daily, said that the Islamic terrorists 1) were much more numerous and resilient than the Algerian government would admit and 2) had "inexhaustible reserves bred by hatred, poverty, and the desire for vengeance."
Since the distribution system is unpredictable, old China hands say you shouldn’t take a chance: if you find something you like, buy it, for it might not be on sale anywhere else.
"I just didn't get the impression that they were really happy," Zucker said. "
"OK, um, Ambrose," she said.
Iraq says an inspection of them would be akin to the U.N. searching the White House; the U.N. says the sites are potential hiding places for illicit weaponry.
If the senses, to say nothing of the feet, need a break, relax on the waterfront with its abundance of open-air cafés.
The core ideas stated for human agents are these: Suppose you have a sequence of events, say, the price of corn by month, and want to predict next month’s price of corn.
"Anyway, thank you for helping us," Timmy says. "
Say "allies of Mr. Starr" and "lawyers familiar with Mr. Starr's plans" and so forth.
The attitude expressed by Emperor Qianlong at Britian’s first attempt to open trade with China in 1793 continued to prevail: “We possess all things,” said the emperor, “I set no value on objects strange or ingenious, and have no use for your country’s manufactures.”
To say that the Gettysburg Address provides the preamble to a new constitutional order is, to say the least, a bold claim.
"It's a strange feeling to see the casinos dark," said a Harrah's spokeswoman.
The bright colors are said to vary the intensity of the shadows and help differentiate the characters.
Persistent gaps in statin therapy suggest a need for improved identification of patients who may develop CHD, and treatment with statins when indicated, the authors say.
Needless to say, these new skills were not part of the management arsenal of traditional apparel firms.
People say she is like a man.
" 'Because there is no Wednesday on the Japanese calendar,' said Encyclopedia Brown, as Taylor sputtered with rage.
Said to be the oldest dwelling house in the city, it dates from 1490.
"It's made life a lot easier for me," Williams said. "
Consider again the case of the box with the flap valve and something simpler than a fan, say a small mica flake suspended in the cooler of the left and right boxes.
Prostitution, pornography, inter-generational sex, drug use, unsafe sex, sexual activity in public or private are "crimes" said to characterize "queer" life.
The WP story says that Sens.
What’s more, the mildly alkaline water is said to be positively healthy for bathing — a claim that few seaside resorts can make in these days of polluted shores.
"A lot of times I worked Sunday to Sunday," Villatoro said. "
I wish there was still acid to be taken," he said, "now that I'm not scared about blurting out 'I'm gay' to some straight hippie companion."
"That," it said, "is America's challenge."
“Our mission is to possess the soil,” they said, not to pursue “American” obsessions with industry and money.
Crockett said the program, funded by a $300,000 grant from the U.S.
The small molecule diversity in the blender is presumably on the order of billions, the protein and polymer diversity is on the order of hundreds of trillions, thus . Assuming that any pair of molecular species can undergo at least one two substrate–two product reaction, the total number of reactions is, as noted above, the square of the molecular diversity, so is about . If the probability that any one protein species catalyzes any one reaction is, say, one in a trillion, or , then the expected number of catalyzed reactions is just the product of the number of reactions times the number of potential protein catalysts, divided by the probability that a given protein catalyzes a given reaction.
"I'd like that," says Joseph. "
The top national story at the Los Angeles Times is the unhappiness among many congressional Republicans about Newt Gingrich's decision to handle the Lewinsky scandal by saying nothing critical of President Clinton.
The resort takes its name, and inspiration, from the lost city of Atlantis, said by some to lie off the coast of Bimini.
At least some FAA officials in Boston Center and the New England Region knew that a hijacker on board American 11 had said "we have some planes."
27 When Lincoln said, “All men are created equal,” therefore, he meant men—only males were equal in the sight of the Creator.
Looking, as I think Virginia Woolf said (VW might have been calling the kettle beige), like "a sorrowful but brainy horse," she muses,
If by "said" you exclude the final sentence.
Before being given the cross in the courtyard, Jesus was presented to the people by Pilate, who said “Behold the man! ”
What has been trickier has been to develop an appropriate pharmacology that allows one to selectively target agents for particular therapeutic purposes with an adequate safety index,” Newhouse says.
Lottie C. Devine makes reference to the Papago Indians in Arizona, saying that on “Christmas Day most of them came to town, all dressed in party clothes, and went from house to house ‘calling Christmas.
What does that say for verisimilitude in the animated film, which is the only direct descendant of the late Novel as narrative.
Convention can scarcely be said to have had a stabilizing effect in the realms of education and psychology: both are so jargon-ridden that normal conversation with and even among practitioners is often impossible without the continual explanation of terminology and perpetual hedging of definition.
There they would be able to worship an ivory-and- gold-covered wooden statue of Athena said to be 12 m (39 ft) high which has long since been lost.
But the second grant is by no means guaranteed, Wilson said, adding that his agency's budget has already been cut by $6 million.
This is not to say that for the purpose of administrative efficiency, it would not make sense to divide functions between the federal and state governments.
"I don't know," one of the men said. "
Some, like French, Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese, had more in common with one another than they did with, say, German, English, Swedish, Danish, and Dutch, which, in turn, bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish, on the one hand, and the two extant varieties of, say, Gaelic, on the other.
President Jefferson’s choice of governor for the Territory of Orleans seemed, to say the least, inauspicious.
‘Compared to soccer, we have only the national leagues—we don't have the Champions League [the league of Europe's best teams],’ says Andersson.
The incident reminds me that for some time I have intended to comment on the way numerals are said in the UK and in the US, though I am not entirely sure whether the subject is properly linguistic, cultural, or categorizable into some other area of behavior.
Hindu ethics say that the path to salvation has three principles: righteousness, prosperity honestly achieved, and, not least, pleasure.
"It's a great honor to have a building dedicated to justice and to the service of the community . . . named after me," said Reynoso, who is now a UC Davis Law School professor. "
9 Mies van der Rohe is supposed to have said “God is in the details.”
Anyone with any knowledge of retardation is likely to find this film offensive" ( the Chicago Sun-Times ). Those who condemn the film say its real message is "[m]entally challenged people in love say the darnedest things!"
His mother, who was queen of the Sakyas, is said to have conceived him after dreaming that a magnificent white elephant holding a lotus flower in his trunk had entered her side.
Jones said that when he wanted to investigate these findings, he was shut down.
For many algorithms that are to compute an answer, then halt, we cannot say ahead of time whether the computer will halt in finite time.
One of the ways it asserts this attempted integration is to believe the individual thoughts that pass through our minds (scientists concerned with thoughts and consciousness say a thought passes through in around 20 seconds, and that a new one occurs at least as often) are connected to each other, although they are not--in fact--connected by anything except the assertion of their connectedness.
To start with an image of the tragic,what would have beenthis poem's end--if this morningI hadn't eaten a roll with jam I might havesaid, finally, the nightdid what night always does, it swallowedmy two friends, their arms slung around each other's waists,after I drove off chasing my highbeams.Outside their shingled walls & roof earlierand surrounded by pinewoodsthat evening my friends & I had been saying goodbyewhen one of them--the man--surprised by the baby-seat suddenly visiblein the back of the car (lit up by an interior lightas I opened the door)--he said, my friend said Jeez, they (meaning Michaela & our daughter Simone),they won't be able to go anywhere.Seeing I was as far as 150 miles from homewith the car, & my beinga potential traffic fatality,or worse (deadbeat dad, abandoner), he was right.I saw myself a moment as indispensable, happy to be needed, much likea canoe-paddling guide or gondola pilot.But my other friend--the woman--squinting at the baby-seatwith pity & amusement, she saidFor christ's sake, you might as well wear a chastity belt.And somehowthe mention of sex dragged death behind it--I meannow that I have settled(with responsibilities)my dates with this or that sexual tsunami should bea thing of the past,right?So there I was--caught between being one man or another, neither.Really, none of this is tragic.Can I be loved enough, that's my story.
The whole structure is supported by an iron foundation, said to be hurricane-proof.
‘Payment will be reduced as education and awareness is increased to the point where it's phased out,’ he says.
Having chosen N and K, say N = and K = , the rest is done at random in the hopes that generic features of N and K will show up in the resulting statistical structure of the fitness landscape (Figure .a–c).
One of the Sirenians, who have been expecting this ploy regarding trans-oceanic shipment, hastens to say,
It is true, Banks says, that the coalition was so disturbed about the program that it contemplated suing him.
It is said that there are over 40 different performances taking place on every evening of the year in Amsterdam.
The legal profession, German said, has an obligation to provide access to the justice system because it has taken on the role of gateway to that system.
The most that one could say is that they never consented and that therefore when they matured and reached the age of consent they were entitled to say no.
Plato quotes Heraclitus saying . . . "every thing moves and nothing rests; you would not step twice into the same river."
As Lee says: "It's hard for me to imagine American culture without black people being part of that.
The monstrance is said to weigh 17 arrobas (over 440 pounds).
The Legal Services Corp. (LSC), which works with attorneys representing poor people, hasn't tallied this year's numbers, says Mauricio Vivero vice president of public affairs, but he expects them to be flat.
"We're walking next door to look at Aldous Huxley's house," Ferd said when he came back, smelling of sunblock, lime and vodka. "
An article says the Defense Department could save $30 billion a year by hiring private contractors to run PXs, process paychecks, operate day-care centers, etc. "The Cyber Vice Squad" notes the growing popularity of Internet "filtering" software, which allows parents and corporations to block access to naughty sites.
No one knows really why tinsmith Shem Drowne chose the grasshopper motif, although some say it symbolizes good fortune.
Mr. Barnes said he was hoping to send a message to other lawyers.
If the gene is frozen in the active or frozen in the inactive value for a long time, say, fifty state transitions or more, call it red.
"Speaking of heretical views, here's one," says Achmed. "
The investigators say 1) they found no other problems (contrary to previous reports that IOC officials were given meals, geishas, and other favors); 2) they regret that Nagano's bid committee burned its records years ago; and 3) the fact that all the investigators sit on the Japanese committee and that some served on the Nagano bid committee posed no conflict of interest.
The skill, they say, is to find a slot machine that’s “hitting”; that is, a computer that’s programmed to pay out big money.
"These two separate increases in the fees lawyers pay is a step closer to achieving those two goals," McMorrow said in written statement. "
We cannot say ahead of time all the possible constellations of matter, energy, process, and organization that is a kind of “basis set” for a biosphere in the sense that the atomic chart of the elements is a finite basis set for all of chemistry.
She turns to Rosa to say, "Mein sister Karen stole him and they became my adversaries."
The paper also emphasizes the dearth of non-official sources: a subhead reads "Troops Said to Advance" and the lead explains the battle is "billed as" definitive.
Several local residents are said to have caught a glimpse of him but there is no firm evidence to support this claim.
‘What we're seeing is a parallel to what has been happening throughout Europe, where the infection has basically moved using the commercial routes of the ornamental plant industry,’ Garbelotto says.
In addition, the same simple model, the Ksat model discussed in the previous chapter, begins to account for at least the following anecdotal observation, which is apparently typical: Colleagues at Unilever noted to us that if they have a plant that manufactures dierent types of a product, say, toothpaste, then the plant does well when the diversity of products grows from three to four to ten to twenty to twenty-five, but at twenty-seven dierent toothpastes, the plant suddenly fails.
During debates over development of Leipzig's huge chemical plants, R is known to have said, "We don't want to stink up our country for all future generations."
Fertilizer runoff from the Mississippi River has killed sea life over an area the size of New Jersey in the Gulf of Mexico, says an article . Farmers are resisting calls to curtail fertilizer use.
Its acoustics are said to allow orations to be broadcast for miles in all directions.
We established the program because we were concerned about the changeover," Wheeler said.
Let the number of these small volumes in the room be large, say a trillion.
"The truth is unless we can do something with these plants, they won't be globally competitive," said Mr. Timken, who recently stepped down as chairman of the National Association of Manufacturers.
"They're specifically trained," says one agent's lawyer, "not to pay attention [to] what's going on."
The 20th-century neo-Baroque basilica that draws so many of the faithful, said to be twice as big as St. Peter’s in Rome, faces an immense but rather plain square.
"I guess I've sold a few things," Schwartz said, but "mostly I just make things for myself. "
Yet, the four journalists who were present reported hearing the divine invocation, though some observers have Lincoln saying “this nation shall under God have a new birth” rather than the word order that has come to be accepted “this nation, under God, shall have a new birth.”
Citing "an informed source" throughout, the WP lead says that Republican investigator David Schippers' new impeachment counts against President Clinton will involve accusations of witness tampering, obstruction of justice, and making false statements under oath (as distinguished from more serious and difficult-to-prove perjury charges).
Legend says that — long afterward — the Virgin Mary brought her infant son’s clothes here to wash them.
Needless to say, these business units have not fully benefited from the investments they have made.
"You are awake now, Herr Siegfried," Joseph says calmly.
On the plus side, it's ravishingly well directed by Antonia Bird ( Priest , 1995), who reportedly came on board two weeks after shooting had commenced and as such had little say about the thrust of the script.
If Tokyo can be said to have any center at all, this is it.
Mohammed credits the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) with helping to find lawyers to take cases but says he's frustrated that other groups, including the American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA) haven't acted faster to organize pro bono representation.
Now, after the fact, after Gertrude jumped in terror from the magnolia tree, we would all say in wonder, “Did you see what Gertrude just did?
It goes without saying that the duty of the writer is to explain.
By the arches and stairs leading down to El-Aksa Mosque is the exotic Minbar of Kadi Burhan el-Din, a pulpit used in the summer when prayers are said outdoors.
He said many people are asking if they can give it to their children to put it in a trust for them.
So saying, and having published Origins and then At Home, I was rather surprised to find business people approaching me.
Say it again about the multiverse.
Because there's another adviser to George Bush by the name of Myron Magnet, who says there are lots of jobs out there for blacks, but blacks just don't go after them.
A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients: "You can earn the money to support yourself and your family," she says. "
Which is what Journal news employees are instructed to say whenever the editorial page causes them cringing embarrassment.
Some local cable companies, the paper says, expect the fees they'll pay ESPN to go up more than 20 percent.
"He said he had problems in his marriage," says Stephanopoulos, correcting Donaldson's deviation from the pre-scripted fudge-phrase of the day.
After emphasizing that the first priority was to help the injured and protect against any further attacks, he said: "We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them."
In this restricted National Security Council meeting, the President said it was a time for self-defense.
Musharraf said the GOP [government of Pakistan] was making substantial concessions in allowing use of its territory and that he would pay a domestic price.
Though continuing to worry about Iraq in the following week, Powell said, President Bush saw Afghanistan as the priority.
Franks said that President Bush again turned down the request.
This is civilization's fight," he said.
We might all be equal because we can use language and say things like, “I am as good as you are.”
There is much to be said for Black’s interpretation of the constitutional text.
But having said that, the concern that I have is that there is a precedent being set in the counties that these people otherwise work.
In this particular fact situation -- and I do think, I will say, on the issue of precedent, you can distinguish cases of -- and I'm not so sure I would be as fearful as some might be as to precedential value.
It says, Wherein an affidavit is provided in lieu of testimony to support a newspaper article or newspaper articles, the reporter shall be obligated to testify as to the facts set forth in the articles, i.e.
You're either going to believe the reporters or you're going to believe Mr. Buckingham or Mr. Bonsell or whomever when they say, I didn't say that.
So I'm inclined to accept this language, you know, not word for word, only to the extent where it states, rather generically, "wherein an affidavit is provided," I would take that sentence and simply say that affidavits have been provided, rather than "wherein."
This is my understanding, either denied that they said what was reported in the articles or said that they were statements taken out of context.
I'm simply saying I don't want wiggle room that we're waiting to see, because I've had that experience now before.
Well, it says it was February, so I'm assuming it was February.
Yeah, I asked her why she said that, and she said in school what they had been talking about or amongst her friends and what's going on.
I'm not going to say that's not true.
I don't remember exactly what he said yesterday.
Bill Buckingham said to her -- and I know Bill Buckingham because at the time he lived down the street from my grandparents and for many years lived there.
That was very distinct in my mind, just her mannerisms as she said that.
Do you recall anything else Mr. Bonsell said?
And, honestly, I thought that maybe it would set me into labor because of, you know, being angry, and at that point in time I was past my due date, in addition to caring about my children's education and everything I said previously.
My next question was going to be simply if you could tell us what -- but I think she's already told us what she can recall her husband said.
Because my husband and I had left early -- we had our infant with us and he needed to get home -- we had heard that there were comments that were said after we left about teachers should be fired if they don't listen to the school board's directive.
On the other hand, they've said that it enhances state standards and critical thinking.
It's just that I didn't give much credit to Noel Weinrich's comments because he would say things like, Darwin's at least what, years old, a theory becomes a theory if you say it over and over again.
And as far as I know, that is the case, because Dover says that it is a standards-based school, and so I assume that when they say that and they say that students have to pass certain material before they can be advanced into new material, that they would have to be abiding by the state standards.
I mean, I can absolutely say that without knowing everything about Darwin or knowing everything about science.
"He asked me what I thought about it, and I said, The comments, I don't feel that is appropriate.
I said, I don't recall whether or not I did say that I had spoken with her after suit was filed.
He says we should come through now, immediately, before the probe is reported late."
The label said, MUSKAT RAMBLE.
Stream is often said not to be used in Australia except in metaphorical ways, normally being replaced by creek . Warburton's use: “sandbanks intercept the stream, which finally splits into narow water-courses and spreads itself over the plains, and so it ends as a creek” suggests a somewhat more complex relation between the two words.
“Wait, wait,” said the lady.
Perhaps the Proximity people thought that they had got round that little problem by giving the same definition for each of the items in the list; but we know that only very rarely are two synonyms bi-unique (which is another way of saying that if A = B, B does not necessarily always equal A), an ineluctable fact of language.
But it does say E = mc² ; the version with the capital M and C is, essentially, meaningless to those familiar with the conventional symbolism used in physics.
Re the article on Cuthbert, Dickens uses intercourse to mean `communication between people' in A Christmas Carol when Scrooge says “I will not be the man I must have been but for this intercourse” to the third Spirit.
During his four days in Iraq, Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition.
Lawmaker Appeals for Innocent Iraqis By HASSAN ABDULWAHAB, Associated Press Writer BASRA, Iraq (AP) A U.S. lawmaker assessing the impact of U.N. sanctions on Iraq said Wednesday it is important not only to force Baghdad to give up its weapons of mass destruction but also to do more to ease the hardships on ordinary Iraqis.
The U.S. government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons.
He said companies engaged in e-commerce would be able to set up offices, employ staff and own equipment in the open zone, including fully-owned foreign companies.
"Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies and share it with their own companies," said Noel D. Matchett, a former staffer at the federal National Security Agency and now president of Information Security Inc.
The only way to catch an electronic thief, he said, is to set him up with erroneous information.
He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read.
A final statement yesterday said: "While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere, the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship: death by assassination."
There was evidence, says Ryba, that a class of protein receptors called G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) were involved in sweet and bitter taste, ‘but the receptors weren't known, so we started to look for them …. These molecules are intrinsically interesting, but more importantly, they provide tools with which we can dissect out how taste works’.
For now, I'll just say congratulations on your resourcefulness.
"He said he had problems in his marriage," says Stephanopoulos, correcting Donaldson's deviation from the pre-scripted fudge-phrase of the day.
NORAD said it had conflicting reports.
Vyvyan said tartly, "He was discovered when he was found to have no recollection of the chord changes in 'Sophisticated Lady.
That is to say, beside Indo-European and Indo-Hittite, there must have existed an Indo-Slurvian.
We cannot say for certain whether these reports, as dramatic as they were, related to the 9/11 attacks.
"Ugh," says Vyvyan, "don't say through.
Asked about her language, she said it is "the skin on my thoughts," traceable only to private rhythms.
You could say he's the David Beckham of the gender expression team."
We are all familiar with the naming process, whether it be with the great relief at hearing the doctor say “muscular strain” instead of “rheumatoid arthritis” as he examines the x-rays, with the Sunday supplement newspaper article summing up (for the umpteenth time) the latest new words and acronyms, with nothing with amusement, admiration, or consternation what some people name their children, and with scores of other instances we encounter daily.
"It usually takes longer because you have to sort of nurse the people through the process," said Dennis Duggan, an Albany County Family Court judge who said he often sees people handling their own cases.
"Our quarrel with the Southern Baptist Convention is not over its right to proselytize," said the letter.
On the other hand, he says, “if you want to abuse this technique and claim that it works, you can create tests that will produce results—I can see how it could be done.
He then says this indicates that the brain cannot tell the difference between what is real and what is only remembered.
Bailey said the total number of calories consumed is "substantially up" in South Asia and the Middle East, but he admitted Africa remains "a basket case."
Mintie said she hopes her organization can be a national model for other professions.
"The wheel turns," Joseph says with compassion.
The Bush camp said the cuts' focus on middle- and lower-income families underscored the compassion in Bush's conservatism.
“Anything that can be done to increase half-life in circulation would improve delivery,” says Judy Lieberman, a Senior Investigator at the Center for Blood Research and Associate Professor of Pediatrics at Harvard Medical School in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
"Have a pleasant day, milords," says the Manager oilily, shoving Timmy after them.
The Aug. 17 earthquake "sent tremors rippling through Turkey's political and social world, triggering a backlash against the traditional Turkish faith in an all-powerful state," reported Toronto's Globe and Mail . Although it is unlikely that the current government will be brought down by the crisis, the paper says it could lead to "the grassroots development of Turkey's fragile democracy.
“It's not easy to see if selection [on organelles] is strong enough,” he says.
The women shake their white turbans to say no, but Lemmy accepts.
If dabbling in Holocaust denial doesn't convict Buchanan of anti-Semitism on its own, it makes a powerful case in combination with the many things he has said and written pointing to Jews as a surreptitious, sinister force in American life.
Advocates for domestic violence victims say the new center, funded with a $303,000 federal grant, will be an important step toward getting people the legal help they need.
Soon I can say 'I feel I am cold and contemptuous of others because I am afraid to experience their rejection of me,' or 'I love him because he makes me feel secure and confident and wanted.
(Anka, when I last spoke to him, said he'd given up channeling Bashar and was working on designing a UFO theme park.)
Jordan said.
He tried to say, "I'm doing ok, things are ok."
"Our contracts do not say we have to smile," a union official said.
Pavitt said he and the DCI had answered that killing Bin Ladin would have an impact, but would not stop the threat.
"I'd like that," says Joseph. "
Mirroring earlier reporting, the NYT says relations between the students and troops appear friendly.
Although the White House review process resulted in some editorial changes to the press releases, these changes were consistent with what the EPA had already been saying without White House clearance.
' that attended the later episodes of Twin Peaks are likely to be heard again," says Slate's David Edelstein.
He said he did not intend to become a commercial pilot but wanted the training as an "ego boosting thing."
She said "There must have been so many things deep within him that he could never talk about.
As Christopher Hitchens pointed out simply and clearly in his great (and much-hated, and banned) book (and film, too, though I haven't seen it) on Mother Theresa, it's one thing to say you have this long-standing religious belief and tradition and you want to stick to it out of devotion to your faith, but when you are not only a) blindly encouraging poverty-stricken masses to breed like rabbits, but also b) actively stopping, I mean, going out of your way to directly oppose, the efforts of those courageous souls who are trying to make sure those people can get a handful or two of grain and maybe a few ounces of clean water to wash the parasites out of their underwear every day.
When Salah al Din, the trainer for the session, complained about the number of trainees and said that no more than 20 could be handled at once, Bin Ladin insisted that everyone he had selected receive the training.
They failed, said Gramzay.
USAT , in its off-lead, says that with the remarks, Clinton "came as close as he ever has to apologizing for slavery, and in its lead, the LAT says he "stop[ped] short of an explicit apology."
He said we would need to build a coalition.
I: And why do you have so much to say about this dangerous young man?
The identification of new infections stressed the need for other malaria control measures, such as bed nets, said the authors.
I’m glad to say there was warm laughter around the table.
Abra was the daughter of the brilliant psychiatrist Abraham Maslow, who worshiped the motherless girl--some said he set her on a pyramid above all the rest of womanhood.
Time 's cover story tries to explain "How Colleges Are Gouging U." Tuition has risen twice as fast as inflation, says Time , mostly because parents are willing to pay, but also because universities hoard their endowments and pay their professors too much.
It is said that she was buried with her infant at her feet, but when their bodies were exhumed, the child was found cradled in her arms.
’ And Larrouturou distances himself from the idea that basic and applied research can be treated separately because this suggests, wrongly he says, a conflict between the two.
“Never,” I said.
Give me a cup of coffee now though, "he said.
In this view of the world, I can feel very safe indeed--in fact, I am more than simply safe--I am nurtured in the warm and cuddly child's world of fun things like floppy disks, where I can cozy up to my motherboard, and pretend that I am a Dogcow (a trademark symbol of Apple Computer) for a character that can say words like Moof when it is asked to list Laser-Writer options.
Two Franciscan churches built over Crusader and Byzantine ruins are said to be the sites of these events; today there are also Russian and Greek Orthodox convents in the village.
. . . [T]he DCI finds himself alone at the table, with the other princip[als] basically saying 'we'll go along with your decision Mr. Director,' and implicitly saying that the Agency will hang alone if the attack doesn't get Bin Ladin."
The same could be said of devotion to the nation.
That foreign competition, Mr. Briatico said, has forced theaverage retail price of cleaners to drop 10 percent in two years.
Evans-Pritchard concluded that Clinton might survive--"He may skate yet, as they say in Arkansas."
On quite another cultural plane, a 1798 law against gambling was ignored in New Orleans, where the card game of poker is said to have originated.
"It's wonderful," said the new mother. "
Without invoking consciousness, not because it is not worth invoking but because so little sensible has ever been said on the subject, it seems worth asking how much of this hierarchy could be realized by simple molecular systems, even without evoking nerve cells.
We'd better hurry with our plans," says Mobe. "
•Formentera, for its part, boasts fewer people and some of the most enticing sandy beaches, to say nothing of windsurfing and scuba diving that can’t be bettered in the Balearics.
He said he was "trying to keep someone from taking a plane and crashing into the World Trade Center."
Hence, in this limit, the entire species can be said to hop between points on the landscape.
"I hope this says something," Ferd says to himself. "
Although bidders tend to portray themselves as rescuing ailing companies--UPR said it was reacting to "a decade of broken promises and poor performance" at Pennzoil--in fact they almost uniformly bid for profitable, healthy companies that the market, for one reason or another, is undervaluing.
You’ll find a full range of sports offered: from tennis, windsurfing, and waterskiing to snorkeling and diving — however it is fair to say that the underwater world so close to the capital can be disappointing.
Sanchez said Grand Rapids doesn't have the large-scale drug problems larger cities do -- and he wants to keep it that way.
Phil cracked o a bit of chapati, scooped some chutney onto it, paused, and said, “Yes.”
"I've generally avoided corporate boards," said Sununu, who sits on only one other board-that of Collegelink.com Inc., in which he holds 43,750 stock options, according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Offshore in only 15 ft (41⁄2 m) of water, lies the famed ancient roadway said to be part of the lost city of Atlantis.
Given a set of possible initial lisp expressions, say, N diVerent expressions, the diVerent subsets, or bundles, that are possible are just two raised to the Nth power.
It is important to note that All artists are not "representing" reality; as Gog says, "All dance in trance.
The production is said to re-establish Salesman as Miller's finest play and an American classic.
Fourth, say what you mean, mean what you say, practice what you preach and lead by example in everything that you do.
In this chapter I have been trying to say, argue, articulate the possibility that a bio-sphere is profoundly generative = somehow fundamentally always creative.
"I don't know," said Al. "
"In a real fight, he'd probably panic," says fight historian Eric Perret.
"Someone once said, 'Get a job you love, and you'll never work a day in your life,' " Zucker said. "
9 For example, increasing the number of products offered in a category by a factor of four (say from fifty items to 200) without increasing total demand in the category would increase the coefficient of variation for each individual product by a factor of two.
Given what little is understood about the brain, it is not possible to say whether these processes are or are not organized in hierarchies.
Say what?
At Paradise Point you can explore the formations that are said to be the lost city of Atlantis.
Graham said he felt “trapped by the truth” and had to act.
Her tragic story is believable, and one can say she is probably the quintessential legendary figure of the Chicano folk belief system.
(Shot of Edwina saying) "He saved me!
Their decision to "come out" as lovers was broadly welcomed in the British press, with the country's best-selling tabloid, the Sun , saying that "Camilla has been in the shadows for too long" and the Times saying that the timing of the photographs was "undoubtedly connected" with the June wedding of Charles' younger brother Prince Edward.
A century later it became the repository of La Moreneta, the Black Madonna, said to be a carving by St. Luke later hidden by St. Peter.
In her experience, legal aid organizations are in need of long-term plans, guidance and structure, she said.
At the next level up, say, aplysia, a nervous system is present, and the creature is capable of stimulus-response learning, à la Pavlov.
In a baritone of arrogated authority, he says to the men stretched before him, "We will cultivate 'the self' by means of an ascesis, an 'art of life.
Of course, as our sainted editor here at  Slate , Michael Kinsley, has often said, the real scandal is not what's illegal, but what's legal and going on all the time.
“Seek ye first the Kingdom of God,” says the provincial motto.
The problem is, as they say, NP hard, meaning the size of the problem scales exponentially in the length of the binary symbol sequence.
The young warriors move in and cut the fences and bring in their cattle,'' said one white rancher, describing the recent raids in northern Laikipia. "
1 percent say they use computers regularly) and those attending traditionally black public institutions (41.
That said, the countryside is ideal for outdoor enthusiasts, and even though most of those destinations are beyond the scope of this guide, visitors interested in horseback-riding, skiing, fishing, and especially hiking have plenty of options.
"We can no longer do it for $20," said Alpaugh Irrigation board president Steve Martin.
A number of Arab papers carried headlines Thursday saying that a major objective of Madeleine Albright's visits to Egypt and Saudi Arabia had been to rally Arab support for moves to oust Saddam Hussein; but the Saudi daily Asharq al-Awsat quoted unidentified high-level Saudi sources as saying that even America's closest Arab ally "does not believe in or support any foreign party undertaking to change the ruling regime in Iraq."
Tradition says that a woman wiped the sweaty, bloody face of Jesus here and an imprint was left on the cloth.
Fischetti says, “We've tried very hard to identify resistant bacteria, but so far we haven't found resistant organisms in all three of the enzymes we're working with.
Say, a network of , genes is constructed at random, with the simple limitation that each model gene have K = inputs but that the wiring diagram be chosen at random, and the Boolean function assigned to each gene among the possible Boolean functions of K = inputs is also chosen, once and for all, at random, this spaghetti mess of a network with its tangle of , wires connecting the genes in some mad scramble will straighten itself out.
"It's a very low-intensity operation," he says to himself, "and the fanatic amateurs can hurt children lining up for rides if we don't find them fast.
"It is wrong … to single out any group as somehow disqualified to influence decisions, even critical ones, that are being decided democratically," the paper said.
This said, Florence remains one of the world’s great tourist meccas and boasts a panoply of architecture, history, and artwork in quantities not to be found elsewhere in the world.
Which is not to say that youthful idealism collapsed with the incredible inflation of private law firm salaries.
Thus, a physicist might typically say that the entropy of a system is due to “our coarse graining” of the system into (arbitrarily) chosen macrostates.
"I adored Leslie Cheung, but if he made 5 million or 2 million a year doesn't matter to me, honestly speaking," said our contestant, referring to the late gay Taiwanese pop star whose songs are actively swapped over the Internet.
Compared to, say, David Baldacci ( Absolute Power ) or Joseph Finder ( The Zero Hour ), his plotting is pedestrian.
Other say that the name is a derivation of scherpe, which means “sharp” — denoting the towers position on a 90-degree bend in the wall.
In Indiana, similarly, "there isn't really any particular restriction on what you can buy with your money . . .as long as you spend the money," said Christopher Holly, a paralegal with Indian Legal Services' Bloomington office.
Now that manufacturers of power tools and ball bearings talk about their products as “fashion” items, the apparel industry—always subject to the whims of fashion—has much to say to any industry that involves retailing.
He is said by a classmate to have urinated on the library's holograph of Also Sprach . . Disenchanted, unwilling to accept "the hysterical mystifications of right-wing graecophiles," Rheinfahrt left his studies and under the swaying of Christopher Caudwell, he joined the Communist Party in 1928.
Golly, said Starr, he hadn't thought it was necessary to say so.
"These people are desperate for information," said Juliet Stone, 29, the project's supervising attorney. "
One of them, Rabbi Eliezer, said no; the other rabbis said yes.
-- My mom says I can go anywhere -- she is busy with her new ugh!
The Turkish daily Hurriyet said Iran fabricated the incident to divert attention from its student unrest.
The good people of Newfoundland, where he is said to have landed, like to think he was.
"It felt really nice that everybody got together to do something for us," Mickie said.
Martin’s book contains a story by a man born in 1904, who says his friend played a trick on his community in Tucson by coming to a dance dressed in black, with a fake rooster foot.
But it's a game," says one English fan.
For instance, in the center of the courtyard is the Pachisi Court, a huge chessboard for the game of pachisi, where Akbar and his friends are said to have used human “pieces” — each player using a team of four slave-girls in different costumes.
“The pipeline is very dry,” he says.
31 The opposition claims that religious reasons warrant exceptional treatment, say, for refusing to work on one’s personal Sabbath,32 for using hallucinatory drugs,33 or for keeping one’s children out of school in violation of truancy laws.
Tim hears Marcel saying, "This is our century's only 'brand new' contribution to the sexual armamentarium.
The New York Times ' Janet Maslin says the unlikely pairing of DeVito and Hunter succeeds because it is not a romance but the story of a friendship.
Some say it comes from the word schreien which means “weeping” as it was a place where sailors’ weeping wives came to wave their men off to sea.
As Lewis says, “Although the current study is impressive in its size and scope, even here, the sample size becomes an issue, with the most convincing results seen in the most common cancers.”
6 But of the biblical influence on the Gettysburg Address, Wills has almost nothing to say.
- What might Brahms say to Clara to first open up the subject of his love for her?
Avis employees, said one fan, "will be motivated, they will be happy, they will be competitive."
The name Exuma is said to be a derivation of the two Lucayan Indian words that had been used for this group of islands, yumey and suma.
Although it's common for lawyers to offer pro bono services to clients in need, Stankard said, legal marketing professionals historically haven't done so.
A Chicano who does not speak fluent Spanish may be said to speak pocho Spanish, but the reverse is never stated about a Mexican who cannot speak fluent English.
"They should rather have said," agrees Cyril, "that anti-depressants are a logical outcome of theories that brain chemicals and electrical connections among neurons are the seat of emotional reactions of delight and distress.
Claude Debussy once said to the poet Stéphane Mallarmé that he had set a poem of Mallarmé's to music--to which the poet is said to have replied, "I thought I had already done that."
Some picnickers say they’re doing the animal a favor, giving it a chance of a better reincarnation.
The current problem, he says, is that protected areas usually stop short of the transition to semidesert areas that are privately owned.
This, I regret to say, is the best reconstruction I can offer for a view that never seems to get articulated; namely, why we should pay so much attention to the wishes and desires of the agents who bequeathed to us the words we live by.
"Yes, we are relocating," says the harried casting director. "
Kinsey, like every other social scientist since the Enlightenment, was simply obeying the central tenet of his discipline: that the scientific study of society is possible; that the results of such study are a better basis for policy than, say, the Mosaic interdiction against homosexuality.
The bay’s islands are said to number 30,000, if you include all the rocky outcrops and tree-clumped sandbanks, and the park includes 77 of the most attractive of these islands.
A continuity person rushes up to say, "I'm sorry sir.
Gun industry executives met on Monday in Washington with municipal officials, who said they will withdraw their lawsuits if an agreement is reached.
"Currently, we spend about $250,000 a year in Clay County, which is about 8 percent of our budget," said Figgins, adding that Clay County clients also represent about 8 percent of the total "poverty population" served by Legal Aid last year in Duval, Baker, Nassau and Clay counties.
I am unable to say, all at once, why I believe this, but I can begin to hint at an explanation.
"They got all excited when we gave them the egg," said Rob Gramzay, senior keeper for polar birds at the zoo.
Herbert H. Lehman, said he was freezing."
Legend says that a great fire burned for seven years on the island, leveling it of all its trees.
A sensible thought is that a category or class is some collection of the possible spin configurations, say, the configuration with all spins up plus all the configurations with no more than two spins down.
"Say, you're a pretty bright boy, eh?
The restaurants, needless to say, are wonderful.
Beyea said the report's findings are timely, given that Chief Justice Leigh Saufley has said that one of her priorities is to provide GALs to all children, regardless of economic background.
And quoting from the language of Chief Justice Taney in another case, it is said “that for all the great purposes for which the Federal government was established, we are one people, with one common country, we are all citizens of the United States.
Autonomists say we can communicate our social inventiveness
How long does it take to say, "Um, we think you have to hire more people right now"?
Peoria County State's Attorney Kevin Lyons said all the budget cuts will not affect poor criminals because the state court appoints public defenders.
In doubting the details of the Murrieta legend, researchers go back to Ridge’s version, which some say was based on newspaper stories about the various bandits named Joaquín.
They said 'I am a poor boy or girl' instead of 'I am a poor man or woman' to emphasize their humility (?) and spoke impersonally: 'it is said to you' instead of 'I say to you.
The paper said, "[H]e knows that if you want peace, you must be ready for war.
It is said that five gods descended from heaven riding rams holding sprigs of rice in their mouths.
This was not, we said, the type of "discriminat[ion] on the basis of viewpoint" that triggers strict scrutiny, ibid.
We might all be equal because we can use language and say things like, “I am as good as you are.”
Cyril adds, "The family is rich, they live in Nairobi, but they are said to be in despair over their daughter's 'perverted sex drive.
Kutchins and Kirk appear to believe that attaching diagnoses to victims must necessarily be in the service of evil conservatism, but pathologizing misfortune is a technique more often employed by the left than the right--by those, that is to say, who want to mitigate responsibility by drawing attention to its causes, rather than those who want to assign blame.
The legend says General Abercromby heard the church bells tolling, saw the lights, mistakenly deduced that Spanish reinforcements had arrived, and fled.
However, the financial incentives are only part of a grander program of education and support to sensitise people to the conservation message, he says.
It says simply that these private relationships, however they might come about, “shall not exist.”
Immigrants and others interviewed by the FBI have been "questioned about immigration status ñ theirs and others' ñ and about their political and religious views," the National Lawyers Guild's Stacey Tolchin said at an emergency press conference called by the San Francisco branch of the American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, the Bay Area Association of Muslim Lawyers, the NLG, and the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California.
I pronounced scone to rhyme with John , and I was upset a little when the waitress brought it to me and said, in a pleasant English accent, “Your scone sir,” rhyming it with Joan . I wondered if I should switch to the Joan-pronunciation now that I am living in veddy English Victoria.
They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact--and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact.
She said, 'Well, I'm sorry I didn't.
Hanover said."
Salvation--hers and that of the destitute she rescued from the gutters--was her aim, not economic or social development as many others understand it, she said."
(Don't say Stephanopoulos didn't know.
Rice said President Bush began the meeting with the words, "We're at war," and that Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet said the agency was still assessing who was responsible, but the early signs all pointed to al Qaeda.
The issue came up in one of the many video teleconferences of the interagency group Clarke chaired, and Clarke said he approved of how the FBI was dealing with the matter when it came up for interagency discussion at his level.
He said we would need to build a coalition.
President Bush later praised this proposal, saying it had been a turning point in his thinking.
Powell said that Wolfowitz was not able to justify his belief that Iraq was behind 9/11.
Rice said that when President Bush called her on Sunday, September 16, he said the focus would be on Afghanistan, although he still wanted plans for Iraq should the country take some action or the administration eventually determine that it had been involved in the 9/11 attacks.
The Taliban must act, and act immediately," he said."
Or, if you wish to emulate the model of Albert Schweitzer, you must say something like: All living things are the creatures of God, they all deserve to live.
There is much to be said about the proper reading of this passage, particularly in relation to the contrary story of creation in Genesis 2, a story that supposedly justifies the subordination of women.
No, everything that you said is correct, Your Honor.
And by saying that the motion was untimely, it was not legally untimely, it was untimely in my view only in the sense that it came, as I said, on the eve of trial, when we knew that there was going to be an issue with respect to their testimony at trial.
But I was as clear as I could possibly be that what is at issue here would be, for example, the particular events that the reporters wrote about and questions such as -- simple questions, did they attend the meeting, did they hear them say the comments, did they write the story immediately after, did they take notes at the time of the meeting.
I said, though, very clearly in the last order, I thought, in the September 12th order, that I would be available.
What I've tried to do here is to say, they'll testify as to everything that appeared in those articles.
To traipse into the area of why they selectively used a quote as opposed to not using other things that were said I think is to get on a very slippery slope.
When you say "reported" and you're talking about reporters, then I'm thinking, I have enough work in this case.
They can say that, and I'll take that under consideration.
The individual who believes -- who was quoted and believes the statement was taken out of context or flatly that he didn't or she didn't say it and it's inaccurate will have the opportunity to say that during the defendants case-in-chief or at any other time during the trial.
Did you ask her why she said that?
But I was actually asked by my friend at work, who said to me, would you be interested in having the ACLU contact you, and I said yes.
If that's what I said, that's what I recalled at the time, yes.
I said I was upset about it because I didn't find a problem with it with my religion.
Well, because, like I said, my husband had been a teacher at the school, and he had sort of been directed by the high school principal to attend the meeting in support of the different things that were happening.
Comments of that nature is what he had said to her.
And I just find those things to be very upsetting when I hear things like that being said.
And it seemed to me sort of an inappropriate apology because -- or maybe "inappropriate" is not the correct word, but not a sincere apology because almost immediately after he had given his apology, he started doing the same things that he had always done, which was to demean the public, to say negative comments.
Barrie -- I'm sorry, Alan Bonsell said very clearly that -- Dr. Nilsen had said something, as well, about the tapes, that it's not policy or something like that, that this is not past practice, this is not policy, this is not standard policy to release tapes to the public.
But you can't say when you walk into a classroom, you're not teaching.
But in addition, Alan Bonsell said very inappropriate things, and Noel Weinrich said very inappropriate things.
What I'm saying is that I believe intelligent design, as well as the ideas of creationism, in particular, the Young Earth creationists, which, I'm sorry, I don't agree with.
And as far as I know, that is the case, because Dover says that it is a standards-based school, and so I assume that when they say that and they say that students have to pass certain material before they can be advanced into new material, that they would have to be abiding by the state standards.
And do you remember anything that was said by any board members at that meeting that you attended in June of 2004?
You said your oldest child is seven years old?
Well, I don't recall whether or not I did say after suit was filed, but I'll take your word for it if it's in my deposition testimony.
Stream is often said not to be used in Australia except in metaphorical ways, normally being replaced by creek.
In the first chapter of Uncle Tom's Cabin , Miss Stowe offers a dialogue between Haley and Mr. Shelby, part of which goes, “ `Well,' said Haley, after they had both silently picked their nuts for a season, `what do you say?
I once asked Ory about it and he said, `It's m-u-s-c-a-t.
There is really no excuse, Fowler says (not he says!)
Some, like French, Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese, had more in common with one another than they did with, say, German, English, Swedish, Danish, and Dutch, which, in turn, bore only a remote resemblance to Russian and Polish, on the one hand, and the two extant varieties of, say, Gaelic, on the other.
I am interested in what Safire has to say about language but find myself stymied: I get the feeling that he has deliberately created a minefield of interruptions in thought through which I must pick my way to the end.
All of which is to say that the book is an interesting work on the language and contains accurate, though longwinded information about what it covers, “interesting and useful facts about American English.”
Iraq clears visit by Ohio official By Scott Montgomery Washington The Iraqi government has agreed to let U.S. Rep. Tony Hall visit the country next week to assess a humanitarian crisis that has festered since the Gulf War of 1990, Hall's office said Monday.
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them, Hall said, he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently, or whether "Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job."
One way would be to speed up the flow of health supplies and other urgent commodities to the country under a U.N. humanitarian program, he said.
Aziz said: "The continuous falsehoods spread by Kuwait's rulers are aimed at manufacturing an artificial crisis to give the Americans and British a pretext to continue their attacks on Iraq and keep the sanctions against its people in place."
The minister who has a personal website on the internet, further said that he wanted Dubai to become the best place in the world for the advanced (hitech) technological companies.
Any secret can be pirated, the experts said, if it is transmitted over the air.
One expert, whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he wouldn't be named or quoted, said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers, for example, doubling as foreign spies.
The drug lords who claimed responsibility said they would blow up the Bogota newspaper's offices if it continued to distribute in Medellin.
"There's no girl here," says Black suit, his hand closing around Tim's elbow, "unless you mean those kids over at the video games."
I'm not the first to make the point that Asia would probably be quite different today (and far worse off) if the United States had pulled out in, say, 1963 or 1964.
Hence, to give expression on the books of account; said of transactions.
At fifteen, after an incident at the Iraq Desert Country Day School where she was nearly violated by a US Army Baptist chaplain, Oedipa ran away to Jerusalem and became a dedicated revolutionary, had brief and fiery affairs with Edward Said and Leila Khaled, escaped to California, and joined the Wymmyn's Fyre Brygade, an anti-imperialist collective in Encino.
"Where would the country be today if Franklin Roosevelt said Social Security's too difficult to do?
Kay Loughrey, a program information specialist with the aging administration, said grant applications were ranked a second time after the judges got a chance to review the letters. "
Still determined not to collapse in fear, Abra sat up and said in archaic Arabic, "Honorable host, please treat this guest with the courtesies traditionally vouchsafed to strangers."
The National Bar Association tried to discuss the minority clerk dearth with Chief Justice William Rehnquist in June, but Rehnquist said he doubted that a discussion "would serve any useful purpose."
In fact, neither one of them has ever been with anyone else, says their keeper, Stephanie Mitchell.
Amid growing hopes of success for the Ulster peace agreement, the Irish Independent of Dublin said in an editorial titled "Peace in their grasp" that "Tony Blair made an excellent move when he invited his predecessor, John Major, to campaign with him in Northern Ireland for a Yes vote in the May 22 referendum."
If the agencies had given him a definitive answer, he said, he would have sought a UN Security Council ultimatum and given the Taliban one, two, or three days before taking further action against both al Qaeda and the Taliban.
Dr Martin Rees, of Cambridge and the Astronomer Royal, says contemplating alternate universes could help scientists distinguish which features of our own universe are fundamental and necessary and which are accidents of cosmic history.
2) Tonelson accuses me of "superficial research," then says that in his article, "China's trade balance with the United States was my focus, not China's global balance."
"There has been a transition and [the clinic] has helped to fill some void," said Deni Butler, administrator for the Eastern District Superior Court. "
That, he said, has forced Timken and other manufacturers to increase productivity and reduce jobs.
The New York Times says it was the "Lewinsky liaison."
“If you lose any one, the whole thing collapses,” says Parker.
As Ferd walked away, Cyril bent nearer his nephew to say, "We have two exciting assignments for you!
I give up on you, she said, and left the room.
(CENTCOM also began dusting off plans for a full invasion of Iraq during this period, Franks said.)
"Yes," replies Ferd, booting up the computer plans of the hospital they target for the rescue operation, "Signed on Aug. 15, 1904, with the illiterate Masai using thumbprints, the document said the Masai leaders 'of our own free will, decided that it is for our best interests to remove our people, flocks, and herds into definite reservations away from the railway line, and away from any land that may be thrown open to European settlement.
The NYT has the most on the tape's contents, said by the paper to be a soundtrack of an infrared video made from an aircraft when the tear gas canisters were launched at the bunker.
They said 'I am a poor boy or girl' instead of 'I am a poor man or woman' to emphasize their humility (?) and spoke impersonally: 'it is said to you' instead of 'I say to you.
When you were asked about that, you said you didn't even know anything about it ...
Charlie Allen told us that when these questions were discussed at the CIA, he and the Agency's executive director, A. B." Buzzy" Krongard, had said that either one of them would be happy to pull the trigger, but Tenet was appalled, telling them that they had no authority to do it, nor did he.
I say autonomist theory contrasts the vitality of living labor
The writer said, "His legacy holds power only because it is symbolic of America's lost innocence.
Those who can't afford access to the criminal justice system may lose hope or take matters into their own hands, German said.
They might want to check out a Sirenia disciple who wasn't what she said she was?"
The LAT says the two developments taken together "raise the likelihood that Starr's case against Clinton could be disposed of soon."
The film's expert-a chiropractor, so he undoubtedly has the scientific background to comment on this-tells us that functional MRIs show the same areas of the brain are active when looking at, say, an apple as when remembering an apple.
I was brought up to make the bed before leaving, but my friends say it is just more work for the maid--who has to strip the sheets anyway.
"I have to say parenthetically that this new stuff in the bottle affects the feel of things in a big way.
"If you're committed enough to wear a funny hat, I'm committed enough to listen to you," he says.
"We heard a lot of good ideas from people who've been contributing for many years to pro bono service," said Mr. Curnin. "
Inspecting the Arab-looking beauty through a flat green lens, South presently says, "OK.
.. " It must be said that this kind of approach is very tricky.
Tenants often must take their problems to court before landlords are forced to make changes, he said.
There are a lot of animals that have same-sex relations, it's just that people don't know about it," Mitchell said. "
The NYT says both Lofgren and Barney Frank had this reaction.
He said that if his advisers had told him there was a cell in the United States, they would have moved to take care of it.
It is also false to say that I ever embraced the Bible Code or am now a disappointed convert.
After the alert, according to Berger and members of the NSC staff, the FBI returned to its normal practice of withholding written reports and saying little about investigations or witness interviews, taking the position that any information related to pending investigations might be presented to a grand jury and hence could not be disclosed under thenprevailing federal law.
Thomas Briatico, president of Hoover Floorcare, based in North Canton, said all of Hoover's major competitors but one were buying their vacuum cleaners from Asia and Mexico.
And just when people say, "Whew!
Fernandez Bay, with its arc of fine sand on the protected western side of the island, is said to be the finest in the Bahamas, and the nearby beach at Old Bight is not far behind in terms of beauty.
One day after dinner there I was, watching a great deal but saying little and listening to as little as I could, when I was accosted by one of the weirdest characters in this Land of ours that has not been sparing of them.
The LAT quotes Gov. Davis as saying, "For too long California's Indians have been denied the respect and dignity they deserve.
One legend even says he taught the young Confucius.
"The best program directors in America are the ones that are able to adjust to the reality of the time," Kleiman said.
We have had to record the information about the gas system somewhere, say, in the registers on a silicon chip.
It was difficult for a compulsive repeater who was used to saying over and over some phrase or song that caught in his mind.
In Cave No. 16 are three holes pierced through the outer wall, showing the original positions of three Buddhas appropriated by foreign collectors; tour guides here say they are now in New York’s Metropolitan Museum.
The EPA communications person said she felt extreme pressure from the White House coordinator, and felt that they were no longer her press releases.
I also want to say, with Phil Anderson, that emergence is real and utterly nonmysterious.
If we are all part of God," as the saintly Mrs. Cresswell said, "then God must indeed be horrible.
Meanwhile we do no harm; for they That with a god have striven,Not hearing much of what we say, Take what the god has given;Though like waves breaking it may be,Or like a changed familiar tree,Or like a stairway to the sea Where down the blind are driven.
Michelangelo said the latter, facing the Duomo, were good enough to adorn the entrance to heaven and they have been known ever since as the Doors of Paradise.
For small companies like his, Ratcliff says, “PSM graduates have an appropriate combination of project management expertise, an understanding of business environments and priorities, and advanced knowledge in the physical and life sciences.”
As shown below, Schrödinger translated the idea of “saying” into the idea of “encoding.”
"A beautiful morning," says Mr. Sithole to Cyril and Vyvyan, stuffing a newspaper behind his back.
This is not to say the symptoms are just in the mind, but rather that the mind can generate beneficial biological effects.
The last time it is said to not have liquified was 1980, the year of the great earthquake.
When interviewed after 9/11, Aulaqi said he did not recognize Hazmi's name but did identify his picture.
“We are not like our fathers,” the architects say, “we are different.”
"No," I said to the brother, "things have been dreary since you got here.
Cultivate listening, laughing at the right points, and occasionally saying: "Right on!"
Tour guides say the red paste is to spare Hanuman the sight of the goings-on — more acrobatic than erotic — carved on the struts of the small Jaganath Temple opposite.
"Although it is a significant part of the poverty population, Asians historically have not been able to participate in the services and programs available to the poor," he said.
And God said, Let us make man [Adam] in our own image after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the air, over all the cattle, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.
They are practically French by now," said Caprice, bending her husband's elbow to bring the champagne glass to his lips again.
"Let's see if we can bring this damn thing back here next year," he said, "along with the [expletive] Super Bowl."
This is also the place where the disciple James is said to have hidden, following the arrest of Jesus by the Romans.
Needless to say, reduction of throughput time is not a simple task.
We can go to El Geneina if they wish, but that area is said to be stifling under Janjaweed.
The outfits, they say, use deceptive marketing practices to lure customers into a rapid-fire trading approach that will probably cause them to lose money, and then often arrange for them to receive illegal loans (sometimes directly profiting from those loans).
Decorated with a modern carved relief of a Classical theme, the marble is inscribed with the words of an oration by Pericles to honor the dead of the wars of the Peloponnese — it is said that the tombs of these ancient soldiers lie under this very spot.
"Just let them argue that their [merger] plan makes sense," Maxim Thorne, the office's deputy director, said of the higher-level legal aid officials. "
Could we have said it four billion years ago?
The Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) issued a report on HIV/AIDS in partnership with the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), which said AIDS had killed 7 million agricultural workers since 1985 in the 25 worst-hit African countries.
The Times says that Japanese banks are in such disarray that investors will pay to put their money in Government Treasury bills at a small, but guaranteed, loss.
Others say that, in fact, the chapel was built to commemorate the fact that the boy was saved by divine intervention at this very spot.
Chavez said she called Colorado Legal Services because she felt sick and did not know where to turn.
As he said in his Springfield speech in June 1857:
(12 Nov Kenya Times) Witnesses say the girl's body levitated up toward the ceiling, 'Her knees were bent upwards, her legs still spread apart, her arms falling limp behind her, as the sterile drape slipped off and slithered to the floor,' reported a surgical nurse. "
With 80 paintings and 33 etchings at three different shows at the Met and drawings by the artist and his disciples at the Pierpont Morgan Library, "New York is now Tiepolo town," says Wall Street Journal critic Deborah Solomon.
Room 21: Vittore Carpaccio depicts in nine canvases the bizarre Story of St. Ursula, a British princess, said to have led 11,000 virgins on a pilgrimage to Rome, all of whom were raped and slaughtered on their way back.
Intelligence reports, interrogations of KSM, Oct. 27, 2003; Sept. 27, 2003, in which KSM also says Bin Ladin had sworn bayat to Omar upon first moving to Afghanistan, following the Shura Council's advice.
“The strange thing about the theory of evolution,” said one of the Huxleys (although I cannot find which one), “is that everyone thinks he understands it.”
"The poor boy," says Vyvyan, gumming his watercress. "
The New Yorker 's Daphne Merkin says the film "underrates our intelligence."
Perhaps because of its vastness and rugged terrain, Andros became a favorite of the pirate fleets; one of its major settlements is called Morgan’s Bluff after the pirate leader Henry Morgan, who is said to have buried treasure on one of the beaches in the area.
The impact of these differences on models could translate into potentially important public health concerns, say the authors.
If one way is blocked, say because x blocks are temporarily used up, then a neighboring pathway will allow the Lego house to be constructed without delay, that is, in twenty steps, using other block sizes.
Well, Vyv," he said, "we've done it.
But Sabo says that he could not have spoken with Reich on March 18 (they did talk on March 2) and that, in any case, he neither said nor believes that Democrats are owned by business.
Built in 1924 and funded by many nations, it contains the rock at which Jesus is said to have prayed the night before he entered the city of Jerusalem for the Passover supper.
The staff is driven by reasons other than money, he said, and the firm employs some of the area's best attorneys in their fields.
Say 'I believe.
Last week President Clinton announced his intent to use the line-item veto on some provisions of the budget and tax legislation just enacted, but by today's accounts, several days of scrutiny revealed that this was easier said than done--the WP reports, for instance, that a tax break concerning employee stock ownership plans and another concerning Amtrak were dropped because they had been agreed to during the budget negotiations with Congress.
By way of formal tourist attractions, Pak Tai Temple, built in 1783, has some fine carvings and a great iron sword said to be 600 years old.
"Our whole society is harmed when access and fairness are denied," said Londen. "
“I do not design a new architecture every Monday morning,” Mies van der Rohe is reputed to have said.
Mr. Timken said his company had been hurt by the strong dollar, China's undervalued currency and the harm that imports were causing his customers.
Although I'm sure Rosen means what he says in his remarks, his own professional connections with her made a free-flowing discussion, including criticism, highly unlikely.
On the other hand, says Greely, DNA samples and fingerprints can be compelled—whether a brain scan is more like testifying or more like submitting to a blood test is an open question.
If no such reproducing molecular system yet enfolds a thermodynamic work cycle, that is not to say that we shall long be stalled in creating such systems.
But it makes no sense for a journalist to say, "I don't mind being censored, but only about information I wouldn't publish anyway."
A local joke says that the farthest distance in Barcelona is across this square, which separates the often antagonistic and conservative Generalitat from the more progressive municipal authorities in the Ajuntament (City Hall).
Weir says that traditionally LSC sticks to the 10-year census data, and will not change its funding based on the 2001 data, however it is possible that LSC will make an adjustment in the future.
“Rather like achieving an apple tree by trimming oV all the branches,” said a late-nineteenth-century skeptic.
Cyril bustles back to say "My stars, Vyv.
Just deserts, you might say, for those minority multiculturalists who pretended that equality of cultural recognition was as good as equality of actual power: Now whites want to play the same game, recounting to us the sufferings of the Celts, the indignities borne by the Welsh, yet still retaining the power premium they've long enjoyed--as whites.
Mozart and Handel are both said to have played the instrument and you can hear it for yourself on Thursday afternoons in summer when recitals fill the church with music.
Yesterday, Deputy Mayor Sal Sirabella said he had not seen the lawsuit.
Eigen and Schuster were considering a population of replicators, say viruses or bacteria, evolving on a fitness landscape with many peaks of high fitness, valleys of low fitness, and ridges.
To understand why Ron Carey matters, ignore what he says and listen to how he says it.
They say that it takes them a week to make a large tablemat.
He also said that if this type of legislation is not feasible, the Association's members would like to be able to use their frequent flyer miles to upgrade to business class on long flights.
And then let them go, because they have always said "Okay" to having sex, maybe even with each other.
By contrast, both the NYT and WP say Gore is "assured" of the union's endorsement.
Asked how many he would allow in, Justice Minister Ernest Lapointe said: “None is too many.”
The two said they needed help finding a school where they could study English, which neither spoke well enough, in the administrator's opinion, to permit them to become pilots.
Or the prime minister might in Parliament say, “Members, by the authority of my oYce I declare that we are at war with Germany!”
A dog is said to have herded a little boy who was running toward the water back to his family in the nick of time, exhibiting the shepherd instinct in his breeding.
People who are legally fastidious say it's not the sex, it's the perjury.
Minor sights include the Milk Grotto, where Mary is said to have hidden with Jesus before the flight to Egypt, and the Shepherds’ Fields, where biblical flocks were supposedly watched by night.
“It enables us for the first time to probe the workings of a normal human brain,” she says.
Vince and I want to say that natural rationality is bounded to models of intermediate complexity because we collectively and persistently create nonstationary worlds together.
"Hello Uncle Vyvyan," said Mobe 68. "
The WSJ "Tax Report" says the Treasury Department is reiterating its opposition to the repeal of the estate tax, pointing out that fewer than 2 percent of those who die each year leave estates large enough to be subject to it.
They stand at the summit of the art as originally practiced by the Byzantines, and are said to be the finest in Europe.
George would call and say,'We just don't have it,'" Berger said.
Roughly, Darwin would say, the function of the heart is to pump blood.
"Klara, we were never lovers," says Siegfried, reviving with sips of strong tea. "
Whether his memory is accurate cannot be confirmed, since Columbia Tristar Television, which owns the tapes in question, says it is unable to look the incident up.)
Binalshibh says Atta told him to report to the al Qaeda leadership in Afghanistan that the three Hamburg pilots had completed their flight training and were awaiting orders.
At the third floor, an emaciated woman could get on carrying a Maltese with rheumy eyes and a bad underbite, as Joseph walks off, saying. "
The NYT lead reports that the White House said Thursday it would not submit the proposed global warming treaty for Senate ratification until developing countries agree to participate in its restrictions, something these countries refused to do at Kyoto until they see developed countries like the U.S. cut their own emissions first.
There are said to be over 50 restaurants in Chinatown, the crowded blocks bordered by Washington, Kneeland, and Essex streets and the Expressway.
So it is perhaps understandable that Steven Gottlieb, executive director of the Atlanta Legal Aid Society, initially thought it was a joke when he received a phone message from Governor Barnes saying he'd like to go to work as a legal services lawyer. "
First, there are very strong arguments to say that there can be no general law for open thermodynamic systems.
They said 'I am a poor boy or girl' instead of 'I am a poor man or woman' to emphasize their humility (?) and spoke impersonally: 'it is said to you' instead of 'I say to you.
Bill Bennett said a few days ago that a second Clinton term could produce "something like we went through in the Watergate era," adding, "I believe this administration is one of the most corrupt in recent American history."
They say that Queen Jeanne de Bourgogne used the tower to watch out for likely young lovers, whom she summoned for the night and then had thrown into the Seine.
“There is not going to be rapid progress in autism research unless we subtype,” Amaral says.
Physicists cannot escape this problem by saying, “Oh, that’s biology.”
They said 'I am a poor boy or girl' instead of 'I am a poor man or woman' to emphasize their humility (?) and spoke impersonally: 'it is said to you' instead of 'I say to you.
When asked where they live, such folks are more likely to say their county, then give a reference point and directions: “Our place is ten miles north of Baxter, off Highway 102, then left two miles on Route 47.”
“ The best ports in the Mediterranean are June, July, August, and Maó,” said the 16th-century Venetian admiral Andrea Doria, noting that beyond the summer sailing season, a fleet couldn’t do better than shelter here.
Starting pay is only $31,196, Waters said.
Encouraging people to identify themselves as hyphenated Americans encourages multicultural consciousness and generates a growing sense of puzzlement about what it means to say that all Americans are of a single nation.
Cyril: Well, if you say so, my precious little fatty.
As an example, the Times says that an HMO that directs a patient to a pharmacy could be liable if the pharmacy abuses that patient's records.
When he looks back a year from now, Rubin said he hopes the foundation has new programs, a higher profile and a rejuvenated board.
Thus we may picture an initial spin network, say, a single tetrahedron.
How often have we not heard such people saying: "We have lived in Africa for a number or years and we know the African mind well."
One way of encouraging them to do so is to make the cost of not spending higher than the cost of saving, which is to say making a commitment to inflation.
Beyond the hotel the road leads on to the Idaean Cave (Idéon Antron) where it is said that Zeus — the god of all Greek gods — spent his childhood, protected from his father Kronos by fierce warriors, the kouretes.
He said there needs to be a shift in priorities.
"We have no intention of printing any retraction," he says.
But in this particular case, say the authors, a quick search of the tobacco documents that are freely available online (e.g.
One of them, Rabbi Eliezer, said no; the other rabbis said yes.
"It's during times of fear when civil liberties are most at risk," Crew said.
The Detroit News recently reported that "in the old days, product plans and designs would go from California to Japan and return watered down, Hirshberg said."
It is said that the Scots invented whisky, and the national drink is now one of Scotland’s major exports.
Those involved with the effort say the center will help workers to learn how to stand up for their rights and students to learn skills they can use in the workplace.
He said so in numerous speeches in the 1850s.
Dubai has the world's best shopping," said Cyril to Timmy and Joseph as they walked through the marble and gold portals of Jebel Ali Free Zone.
You can say “Are you speaking seriously?”
Shiva is said to have poured the river down on the plains from the Himalayas; this mythical story leads Hindus to believe that Varanasi is the oldest city in the world.
‘What we're saying is that science in the UK is not yet well-funded enough to say we would rather do this [the ERC] instead of the things that we're already trying to get done in the UK scene.
These cases offer a rational approach to inventory management for manufacturers, one that is premised on receiving accurate POS information from retailers and maintaining good working relationships with all channel players—for example, retail orders are not placed at the last minute and textile suppliers come through when they say they will.
When law enforcement fails to distinguish between violent criminal activity and legitimate dissent ñ and when it favors collecting as much information on as many people as possible rather than useful intelligence resulting from bona fide criminal investigations ñ it's "choosing quantity over quality," Crew said. "
