But regardless of how we interpret our own actions in the 1990s, it seems to me that there is one critical historical lesson we can't afford to forget.
Is it possible to forget a memory?
They will be familiar from intervention disputes dating back at least to Vietnam, but they are especially useful for the summer-squall-style military actions of today, in which we all agree to be frenzied about the occupation of Kuwait or a drug-smuggling dictator in Panama or warlords in Somalia or genocide in Bosnia on the strict understanding that we will be allowed to forget all about these matters and places in six months, max.
well i took piano lessons in fourth grade once for one semester i'll never forget Mrs Burkhalter
and if you're not really committed to it i mean me i'm you know i'm real committed to it for about a week and then i forget about it for a week and then i go oh yeah i need to do something and by then it's burned up you know
Paul Gillmor, R.-Ohio, the classic Ripon Republican venerates Ronald Reagan (whose scrapes with "gypsy moth" Eastern Republican moderates during the 1980s are apparently forgotten) but tends to part company with the party on social issues such as abortion.
She's clearly forgotten upon what her higher financial status rests, though the friend wastes no time reminding her.
One may remember homes is a mnemonic, but forget what it is a mnemonic for.
When I tugged back a sleeve, the wrist was naked-- forgot my watch again--and both hands chapped and rough.
When you’re on the beach, don’t forget that kids are especially vulnerable to the effects of too much sun.
i forget exactly what the focus was on that one but that was fairly interesting
In any case, don’t forget a raincoat, especially for British Columbia.
because one i i'll never forget uh one spring we had a real big dust storm come in and it started raining and uh it was like raining mud out there you know
Get the book--which, Culturebox forgot to mention, is very snazzily designed--and give it to the most rock-and-fashion-conscious teen-agers you know.
Not only did Broder forget to mention Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff's contention that Steele had changed her story at least two times, but Broder also forgot to mention that--as Isikoff had reported a week and a half earlier--Steele had taken $7,000 from the National Enquirer after shifting to an anti-Willey posture. ...
Forget privatization and other attempts to "save" the program.
I forget how Dole voted on the 1976 revisions to Title 17 of the U.S.
i can't imagine you know the diapers after three days forget it
Forget motor-voter: People will go to the polls if you let them bet on the outcome.
You jump to conclusions too quickly, forgetting that scientific answers such as DNA tests are most reliable in providing negative answers--and often ambiguous in providing positive answers.
He quoted Psalm 23-"though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death . . ." No American, he said,"will ever forget this day."
My personal albatross is the couplet “Eight ever/Nine never” which has to do with taking a fitnesse in bridge, and how many cards my side has in the suit; to my partners' distress, I forget the finesse--against the king, or against the queen--to which the rule applies.
Or, put another way, have we not become too lazy to look things up in the dictionary and too prone instead to make up another word in place of the one we have forgotten or never learned in the first place?
and it's it's such a distinctive smell when it burns i had forgotten it i mean i
Since other proposals for linguistic reform, such as phonetic spelling and an international language (Esperanto), have never got off the ground, it could be argued that we should forget such a minor matter as changing the nomenclature of a cluster of games played by only a small fraction of the population.
i forgot forgot about that
Forget it.
ooh okay keep forgetting how big states are out there sometimes
"When he got famous, I was sure he'd forget us," says one old playmate, "but he hasn't."
But his attempt to characterize the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal as ridiculously hostile to taxation forgets that the Journal people are in good company.
well we've got a pet rabbit in the house i forgot to mention that and uh
oh they love to dig i had i had some uh i don't know what kind they are i've already forgotten just regular old flower seeds
Washington, where members of Congress are all well-coiffed, well-spoken, well-dressed, and well-prepped, makes it easy to forget that politicians are made, not born.
that was fun and then after i had finally got it all down they said now forget the old system oh yeah sure thanks a lot so so for me the new system really was
The give-and-take of daily conflict can lead us easily to forget both our shared purposes and our enduring principles.
I've not been able to corroborate this explanation, but I'll never forget it.
and we often forget about the one that the injustice has been done to
Don’t forget that two of Europe’s best-known festivals take place here each spring, the Semana Santa (Holy Week) parades and the Fería de Abril celebration.
Timmy, a long way from the Hollywood Napkin Ring, has luckily forgotten much of his life on the Boulevards and the men who were kind to him only to get him in the back seat of a car. "
Looking at that monolith, bestriding Park Avenue without charm or grace, it is easy to forget that Gropius was once considered one of the great architects of the twentieth century.
And I think she taught just about everybody in town who wanted to learn to play the piano because she had, she had this I never will forget, she had this great big Chow dog, the one, the kind with the black tongue, and I was petrified of that dog!
(1) identifying emerging problems, (2) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts, (3) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas, and (4) monitoring the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help ensure that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently.
Don't forget, too, that in many cases subsidiaries of larger parent companies are also eligible and that companies will sometimes match a gift retroactively.
and to me i i try and forget that we even have that because i don't want to think about that um
On the smaller and more remote islands — called the Out Islands or Family Islands — intimate resorts cater to your every need and make it possible for you to forget about schedules, deadlines, and traffic jams.
Glancing at a printout in his hand, he tells his assistant, "Forget about the Iraqi women in black!
29 The public often forgets that the expansion of sexual harassment law is grounded in the simple commitment to overcome gender inequality in the workplace.
right yeah they forget also i think uh a good argument for that is in the area of politics you know
The old Roman name of Europe’s most famous volcano means “Unextinguished” — it is the only active volcano in continental Europe (with those on the nearby islands of Sicily and Stromboli not to be forgotten).
yeah they make it wait for so long and then people forget actually what did happen you know
from Montréal City Hall, forgetting for a moment that French-Canadian leaders had sided with his Vichy enemies during World War II.
i don't i do not really think that anybody can ever forget forget that but they can they can reason and and try to adjust to to why they were there
ngs you might have forgotten, since rental jackets and sleeping bags are 
you know headlights in the front now that one i you know it actually they actually said to go in and get the service person to do that too and i said well forget that
For modern painting, try the art galleries around Connaught Place in New Delhi and Mumbai’s Pundole and Chemould Galleries, not to forget the Academy of Fine Arts in Calcutta.
i said forget it
Less than an hour from Boston, Plymouth doesn’t let you forget its famous heritage, but unless you really want to see the rock that marks where the pilgrims landed in 1620 you might prefer to head on to Cape Cod.
um how bad she had deteriorated over the uh years i mean i she would forget my name and she would forget you know how to cook or how to take care of herself but we didn't realize the extent
Like King Mátyás’s Royal Palace in Buda, the palace of Visegrád fell into ruins in the Turkish occupation and was completely forgotten.
i don't know they just kind of forget us on that end we don't really have any vacation or
But with all the new-fangled razzmatazz, the museum hasn’t forgotten the charm of mint-condition antique cars and, above all, old train engines — behemoths from the great era of steam that truly “made” Canada.
and uh she's not even um selecting a silver pattern because it's i've forgotten my wife was telling me what the cost is just incredible to you know a place setting is is
okay yeah another movie that i wanna see if it ever comes out on video so i can see it without my daughter around is um oh i just forgot the title of it um
Don’t forget to take a supply of water and wear sturdy footwear.
well those are things that they'll they'll never forget and uh they know they're loved when when that takes place
•Don’t forget to explore the hilly, narrow streets of the arm of land called Sa Penya occupied by many Ibizan fishermen and their families.
well i almost forgot the topic i was waiting so long for uh for it to find somebody
But its capital is the smiling, sleepy town of Victoria, evoking a genteel British past that the British themselves may well have forgotten.
well see and i always forget and you know with four kids and you know six people in this family our grocery bill's pretty high and you know i get you know thirty or more than that yeah i get fifty
If you intend to start early take warm clothing and don’t forget your camera!
it was uh i i forget the name of the magazine used to be Changing Times sort of like a Consumer Reports magazine
The Guanches are not forgotten either: ten chieftains stand guard in a row, with their backs to the Atlantic.
i don't remember one from one station to another i keep forgetting one station
what are they called like oscars and uh i forgot the different names that they had but they would eat eat they would actually they ate when they got big enough they would eat goldfish we would buy goldfish and feed them to them
Don't forget, Susan Lucci finally won an Emmy .
Now, forget about this rate case and put aside any notion that I am suggesting others mailers should pay a larger share.
Nineteen, I forget.
Don’t forget your camera.
And then we started looking, uh, for other rides as we all got back together and we took you to, uh, I forget which other ones we went to, the little helicopters, I'm sure, and some of the other fun rides, the little boats and that sort of thing, and then we saw Small World and I had no idea what it was like because I had never heard of it, but this is a Disney classic, this is the best ride they have, in a sense makes, Disney makes Disney what it is.
In an editorial Wednesday, the paper claimed, "The 'lab-theft' story is bound to follow in the footsteps of the 'political donations' and 'satellite secret leakage' reports--to be forgotten within a few weeks after the claims cannot be substantiated."
Don’t forget to bring your passport along for identification.
and it's called and i can't i can't tell you exactly the author i get a lot of authors if i remember title remember the title i sometimes forget the author
But I was like, forget it, I'm going to eat lunch I was hungry.
Despite all the budget euphoria swirling about, business writer Allan Sloan uses his WP column to point out a familiar but forgotten fact: There is no surplus if you eschew "fedmath" and instead calculate assets and liabilities the way a business does, i.e., not letting the government's pension system, Social Security, be used to draw down the deficit.
For just ¥620 you can lie down and have hot sand raked over you by a grinning, grandmotherly attendant — a ten-minute ordeal you’ll never forget.
And that's, I'll never forget it.
Before we begin, though, the Shopping Avenger nearly forgot to announce the winner of last month's contest, in which readers were asked to answer the question, "What's the difference between pests and airlines?"
During one phase of the French Revolution, a guillotine shortened many lives here, though the fact is deliberately forgotten by the boys eyeing the girls pretending to ignore the boys.
so uh let's see what what was the topic i forgot oh oh we are supposed to talk
And although I never met my grandfather, I have never forgotten that story and when I hear of him I think what a wonderful, wonderful person he must have been.
We should all forget about our past conflicts, he says, and realize that we were always on the same side, more or less.
and then that it's that it's that white paint i've forgotten what it's called Tight Bond or something like that and those bricks are very porous
Uh, also another one was uh, "The Raven," the poem "The Raven" uh, that we read in school and uh, we had to determine what it was about, and um, it wasn't easy at first for us to do that, and that, that story or poem went something like this, "Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary, over many a quaint and forgotten lore, while I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, as if some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door, it is some visitor I said only this, and," uh, "nothing more."
We may be certain of a few things, the most important of which is that Powell will never be forgotten again.
Forget the karaoke, the bullet trains, and all those mobile phones for a moment.
and you know i'll forget to pay the bill by the due date or this last month i mailed the check to them on the twenty second and they didn't get it until the thirtieth and it was due the twenty fifth
They, they, um, went to the, I forgot what it was.
. He acknowledged his mistake but also said, 'Don't forget, I'm a three-time N.B.A.
It is from here that you’ll get the best views of the Acropolis, so don’t forget your camera or video recorder!
all right i i like keep forgetting to make these calls i've been on this list for two months and i think i've made four calls
They say they drink to forget their troubles and then that's all they talk about.
What on earth could you be forgetting?
Unfortunately, though, all thoughts of tolerance were forgotten, and the zeal with which the Inquisition sought out Protestants was turned on Catholic worshippers.
Well I get there this morning and um, I forget how, I think either I asked a question and he came in there or, whatever.
Forgetting names is not a cause for alarm, but forgetting how to prepare dinner indicates loss of "executive functioning," which signals the onset of dementia.
But I've practiced the critical equivalent of abstinence for many years now, and it's time to reassert what can never be forgotten: It is the right, nay the duty, of a critic to fall and fall hard.
Let's not forget that George Wallace and Joe McCarthy also served in World War II.
So, I was thinking about our discussion yesterday of which newspaper columnists makes us laugh, and I forgot my favorite--Larry King's ramblings in USA Today . Now, that guy cracks me up.
While we will never have enough space for all our books (or even our clothes!) or a backyard with a swing set, our apartment is a happy clutter where no child will be forgotten in the bowels of a finished basement, and Riverside Park has plenty of grass and ball fields.
I also fell smack on my head in gym class when a classmate forgot to hold my legs onto the uneven bars as I practicing a gymnastics maneuver called a "Flying Eagle."
It said there is anxiety in Jordan at the prospect of the king being succeeded by his brother, Crown Prince Hassan, who is regarded as "snobbish and loquacious by his critics, who say his sentences are often so long that by the time they end, the listener or reader has forgotten how they started."
Let's not forget that the zombie-teens on the current Gap television commercials were raised on Power Rangers.
I keep forgetting that.
Forget aesthetic judgments--the key overlooked question about film today is: Why don't the plots make any sense?
Nausicaa had forgotten to allow for the artist's long-term proprietary knowledge of her own work.
Dior's new insistence on elegance for women was an inspired move toward a whole world of pleasure and languor that had been suspended and nearly forgotten.
But the Islamic artists, like those in China and Japan, didn't forget that the immortal soul of the word is its sense; nor that clothing, since prehistory, has made sense without words.
But the wizards at LTCM, so the story goes, forgot about reality.
i forgot about Nina and Cliff right
It's like some misbegotten bastard stepchild of the civil rights movement, I guess, but for some reason, everybody's forgetting that just because you're Catholic doesn't mean Kevin Smith doesn't have the right to make fun of you as much as he damn well pleases.
kept forgetting to clean the fish tank and it was really dirty for a long time but those fish still lived in there and um
It seemed doubly odd when months came where the secretary forgot to put the requisition through.
when the boundaries were adjusted and changed and all the Kurdish were basically forgotten because there's a group of Kurdish in Northern Iraq there's some in uh Western Iran and there's some in Southern Turkey
And lest we forget what this is all about, the WP reports that a study in today's New England Journal of Medicine suggests that non-smokers not only live longer, but have less sickness and dependence on others in their last years.
yeah and then i was reading in the paper just this morning it's interesting because i had forgotten i guess that i wrote this little topic down that it costs more to execute somebody than than it does to keep them
And don't forget to floss.
um i forgot what area it is but regarding uh capital punishment there are some cases that won't automatically get reviewed by the Supreme Court when they used to be
yes i forgot we had to hit one or our time will be up
They're over quickly and forgotten by all--except, perhaps, their often hapless targets.
yeah that's that's been so long i've practically practically forgot who Noriega was you know
Dole has apparently not forgotten his own past record on taxes--he correctly, if ineffectually, pointed out during Sunday's debate that his 1982 tax bill was not a true tax hike, as normally understood, but primarily a canceling of corporate tax breaks not yet in place and crackdowns on cheaters to collect taxes already owed.
i forgot forgot about that
I forgot the password!
some of that i think probably we take for granted you know the changes have happened so rapidly that it's it's easy for us to forget how quickly it has changed
Joe Biden, D-Del., agreed: "Everybody forgets we are operating in the context of an agreement that [Milosevic] signed.
and like i i had some major purchases i just was dumb and forgot to put on there like uh i wrote a check for my wife's wedding ring which was a lot of money and if i would have put it on the Discover card
He turned to me and the driver of the rig who was wearing a lettucepicking outfit and a red bandanna tied around his mouth and said, "Oh man, we completely forgot to go see Saul Bellow."
but no it's interesting when it gets really cold here and people forget that they're live in Texas and they don't know how to drive in snow and you know but uh
forget what else we did but it was all uh really expensive
There was now a risk, Riotta added, that the Europeans would see only this "sad face" and forget the millions of "respectable Americans" more interested in debating issues than in oral sex.
but i would forget to write the things down and it it that i i don't know if i ever went as far as three months or not in in keeping that kind of data i certainly haven't done that in sixteen years or whatever
forget it all and just pay it to to ease my uh ease my pain but but you know it there there's a point uh i guess you and i being younger uh tend to be a little more idealistic uh
And even when they are discovered, the public is often forgiving (or at least forgetting).
uh oh i forgot i lost my point but yeah that's like i say i think the the victims and just if that's gonna happen they they just wanna have it done and over with but you know i agree there's got to be some appeal process because
A poodle will bite you for forgetting to put the accent mark over the "e" in André.
3) Forget the genetics debate and just treat us equally.
and all of those creatures of the wild and like you say those really make memories of things the kids never forget but
Wanting still to win the case, he rehashes arcane and forgotten episodes from the Reagan-era scandal seemingly for his own benefit.
they drive with one little buddy uh at least it's with one person but most of the time people are saying forget it i don't want to carpool it's too much of a hassle it's too much involvement but yet
In the mid-1980s, she proposed extending rent control from individuals to businesses, a suggestion very few real-estate developers have forgotten.
well i know that yeah and the category that i forgot is the the uh
Oh, and I forgot to mention that today is the 10 th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre.
they uh got i've forgotten my son keeps up with this more than i in fact he should be on this network he's the one that knows all about sports yeah
Lest We Forget
i even find now like with the automatic tellers i'll go take money out of that and then i forget to take that out of my checking account
i know i know i don't think i'll ever forget when one of my friends called me and said you're not going to believe this because i had not heard it you know and they said they have fired Tom Landry it's like you know what slander how could they do such a thing
We were only kidding when we said you should forget them.
you're telling them that well hey you might as well forget it you know
New Yorkers remember to complain about the crowds, but sometimes forget that without the crowds, New York would be Cedar Rapids.
rather than just sentence him to life and forget all the hassle you don't have to pay the attorneys all those fees they get and whatnot because i feel like you know sometimes it gets too drug out but
um the opportunity for to forget that you owe sales tax for something uh can be avoided
That Lockheed has been consistently able to convince others--well, OK, to convince the U.S. government--to forget about its record testifies to the power of the human imagination.
i always forget the third one i can see it uh but the third one is a children's dog and
We experienced riots in McDonald's here in Taipei, Taiwan (the land the United Nations forgot), earlier this year when Hello Kitty collectible toys were made available to the public.
and i but i always you know i i got to start getting into the habit of trying to record it on the VCR because i always forget you know the kids bedtime is a little after it starts so i kind of lose track of time putting the kids to bed and uh so i always end up missing it
Warren Buffett, America's second-richest man (after somebody whose name I've forgotten), has written that he's suspicious of anyone who talks of learning from his own mistakes.
and it was getting rusty and the thing that they forgot to do was to um to also look at the hose
"Neither Europe nor the world should forget the lesson of Versailles: A humiliated Germany hatched the seeds of Nazism."
very little trash they they don't even have that much that they burn because they consume everything down to the thread and it amazed me i i just had totally forgotten how blessed
He was told as a child, for instance, about the annunciation of the Angel Gabriel to his Virgin Mother, but then he forgot about it until he was 30, concentrating instead on the carpentry details that form the least arresting part of his narrative.
and now then i wasn't i had forgotten or i probably wouldn't have been there
The unease Kubrick generates is a little like Mamet's: You can't tell if everyone sounds so phony because they're all part of a scheme to hoodwink the protagonists or because Kubrick has forgotten how human beings talk.
yeah forget that you're not going
If your nominee showed up later, stress the immediacy of his achievements, since most people can relate to today's breakthroughs and gizmos and have forgotten those from the first half of the century.
But if you want to replace your desktop machine, forget it.
But even nighttime dramas remain tightly structured around 15-minute segments, which means that points have to be hammered into your head for fear you'll forget what happened from one commercial to the next.
um how bad she had deteriorated over the uh years i mean i she would forget my name and she would forget you know how to cook or how to take care of herself but we didn't realize the extent
How curious, then, that nine out of ten readers of this work happen to forget this part of Aristophanes' myth.
oh i forgot my i i had to dig through my suitcase and find my personal identification number
They were called canaries, and the dogs were soon forgotten.
uh it's kind of interesting because nearly thirty minutes ago i was reading an advertisement for the new Infinity i forget what model number it was but one of the features they were touting was a freon free air conditioning system
The Kosovo conflict was not forgotten, as papers around the continent encouraged NATO to maintain a stiff spine regarding the demilitarization of the Kosovo Liberation Army--a matter apparently resolved Monday morning.
i mean and she went and saw her every day like i said and that's good i think because i don't think if you just put them in there and forget about them i don't think that's right
"Let's laugh, if we want to, or let's wax indignant; but let us not forget to understand."
and then people forget you know they you hear oh this person's going to be put to death but you don't they don't tell you what this person has done
And don't forget the other ways Slate can come to you, instead of your having to come to us.
they have the saxophone playing and it's so funny because you can take an instrument and forget what it really sounds like when it plays by itself oops are you okay Tina come here honey oh my daughter just fell come here
You said you had lunch in Pittsfield, was it on North Street?That reminds me of when we lived on the farm.It must be eighty years ago.We went to a one-room school house, didn't you drive past it once?Each row was a different grade.I sat in the first seat of the first row.The teacher's name was Miss Brown.She was so pretty.I wonder if she's still alive.The day before we left the farm our cat disappeared.We couldn't find her anywhere.I was sad for weeks.Three months later she showed up at our new house in Pittsfield.Robbins Avenue.I can't think of the number now.My sister was in New York.She didn't like the people she was living with so she'd visit us.She fell in love with the young man who lived next door.Maurice.Your uncle Maurice.They got married and moved to Cleveland.They're both gone now, aren't they?You know, I can't picture her.A few years later we moved to New York.This just jumped into my mind: I must have been three years old.We were still in Russia.Mir.A small town, but famous for its Yeshiva.My oldest brother--Joe--took our horses down to the river.They were the two best horses in the town.My father had a phaeton.A beautiful old buggy.He was like a taxi driver, he took people to Minsk.Or Vilna.That day he was at the station.The passenger station, waiting for customers.My brother was still just a kid.He must have been washing the horses in the river.I can remember--it was a hot day.Maybe he was giving them a drink.And while I was watching the reins got caught around a pole in the river.The horses kept twisting the reins around that pole.It was slippery, the reins kept sliding down under the water and they were pulling the horses down with them.I ran into town and got my father who came running back with a knife in his teeth.He jumped into the river with all his clothes on.He took the knife and sawed away at the reins until he finally cut through.He saved the horses.I haven't thought about this in a thousand years.It's like a dream: you get up it's forgotten.Then it all comes back.Didn't I ever tell you?Look at me, I'm starting to cry.What's there to cry about?Such an old, old memory, why should it make me cry?
1; no pictures please, and don't forget my special day.
i forget how much i paid a month but it was much you know is at least twice if not more expensive than the regular health care
And as for religions, in our day and age they should be forgotten except as interesting historical artifacts.
uh i forget the title the other well he uh he's also written a lot of children how old is your daughter
The last few years have witnessed Babe (animatronic pigs, dogs, sheep), several Homeward Bound s (dog and cat), a couple of Free Willy s (whale), and countless others I have, mercifully, been able to forget.
uh i i i forget the figures on the interest rate but it's something like uh hundreds of thousands of dollars a second
But Parry, as it turns out, has not forgotten Joe.
you know he used to always keep his guns locked up and everything like that but i mean you know you're you know people make you know they forget or you know you know kids get in the way kids the way kids are you know i mean they can
If, like us, you initially forget to enter Bradley's first name, the first site that comes up on Yahoo is for a company that provides "training, consultation and treatment services for compulsive gambling and related addictions" in Bradley Beach, N.J.
and that's a lot of money you know most places go ahead and just you know put it into your mortgage payment so you don't forget about it at the last minute you know and have to come up with the funds at the end of the year
Forget every Sunday-newspaper trend story you've ever read about gentrification, or about harried metropolitans fleeing to small towns, or about good-hearted buppies returning to the 'hood.
i keep forgetting what what she named him
and i i think sometimes we forget that
Mesmerized by the narrative rush of Sheehy's bodice-ripper, Chatterbox almost forgot to look up the business about smoking dope.
and then um for a while i'll ask people if they know what happened and then i'll just forget it
But she apparently forgot to add, "And get some better-looking parents."
i mean everybody was real upset you know when they fired Tom Landry but you know now it's like you know they're doing good so everybody's forgotten about that
For example, on NBC's Meet the Press , Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N.Y., says it would be best to just forget cutting taxes and go home.
you sort of forget how much it did rain and coming here and then it didn't rain it was just wonderful
(Forget the mocking tone; it pervades the book.
but uh i've forgotten she had it outside somehow and somehow they they mixed signals or something and uh it got loose of course again again the animals are so much faster than we are in one way or the other
and then plus then you for end up forgetting to write it down
Still more perverse is that, even as the free-marketeers conclude that history is rendering its verdict on the Asian model of capitalism, they seem to forget that until the recent crisis they themselves took great pains to deny that such a model existed.
Once you get your adolescent to endorse this idea (and to forget that Juliet was just 14), you've won.
they get corrupted by it basically by losing touch with the people that they're supposed to be serving and i think they forget who it is they're supposed to be representing
But, citoyens , let us not forget that the value of a dictionary resideth not in size alone.
um and we protect him so much but what about the rest of the society you know what are we doing for them we're kind of you know forgetting about them and i think sometimes that a criminal should kind of
The Republicans' new strategy seems to be: (Possibly) Forgive and (Maybe) Forget.
and just anything to you know recycle rather than keep throwing it away but my biggest problem is i take the bags out of the store buy the bags to bring them back and then i forget to bring them in the store
The test of a piece of storytelling is whether its audience can forget that it's listening to a history--something in the past tense--and enter the living present.
going to call this week i forgot about it just until i was going to do it tonight uh i have i was i called i think every day last week and i forgot about this week i got so tied up with some other things
Or, at least, he was conveniently forgetting that he had argued to supply $150 million in civilian aid and $60 million in arms to Marshal Tito's regime in Yugoslavia, which, while nominally Communist, had hardly been subordinated to "Commie purposes."
yeah the the World Football League is playing uh Frank uh playing in Germany i think i've forgotten where they are Germany and somebody that
On one occasion, as our deliberations were drawing to a close after many months, we came to a particularly niggling point of dispute regarding the cost of some phase of the project--I have forgotten which--and, in frustration and exasperation, I burst out with, You must realize that if you want to earn a penny, you've got to spend a penny!, whereupon, much to my consternation, all those present fell about laughing merrily.
they're hoping i guess they're what they're hoping they're trying to prolong their lives and hoping people will forget what they did but it just uh
Putting forgotten laundry--wet or dry--on the machine or a table is perfectly acceptable in a communal situation.
i forget the the county but you know where all the lakes are around there
You'd think the David Bowie Class A Royalty-Backed Notes, as they're officially known on Wall Street, would have caused a big splash in an industry that prides itself on permanent novelty, but in all the hubbub over his 50 th -birthday celebrations, Bowie forgot to mention it.
she's very lean you know it's a very lean girl but she really offended me by her dress i mean it was like she forgot to dress
Forget it.
yeah really it's one of those things that you read once and then if you if you're not worried about it you just forget about it
and um i like that show with Urkel i forget what
Molly Ringwald plays a quirky, intelligent sophomore who wakes up to discover that everyone in her family has forgotten her birthday.
well i'm blank i can see his face i mean how could you forget his face
He will be forgotten in months, if not minutes.
oh so do i forgot about that i said so do i i forgot about jazz
How do you forget him?
yeah it seems like it we need a van or something to get i mean even with if we take the dog forget it there's no room for anything else
Now that I have succeeded in getting you to see that a reserve dictionary is much more than a thesaurus with which, of course, it shares some similarities, its purpose is really to list definations in alphabetical order which, in turn, will give you the word that you have forgotten, confused, or just plain do not know or cannot recall.
yeah our in our area they all turned it down they say forget it uh if this patient wants to wants to go somewhere else let him go there
um i don't do it anymore because it's just too fattening we had the same kind of problem if you make homemade bread i mean forget it's supposed to save you money but you eat like three times the amount of bread that you usually eat it tastes so good
Known by fellow scholars for his theories linking the Afro-American literary tradition to the African vernacular and for his excavation of forgotten masterpieces of black literature, he caught the public's eye in 1992 when he published several salutary and well-reasoned articles criticizing the inflammatory anti-Semitic rhetoric of certain black nationalists.
and so the second question i forgot what the second question
Although gotten seems to have disappeared from English English except in some dialectical forms, it is still used in forgotten and begotten .
so uh i got to start all over again it's not like riding a bicycle you do tend to forget
For who can bear to feel himself forgotten?
that's right because you you do you forget
Having been a student for interminable years (and thus having been forced to memorize a great many quite useless facts), I enjoyed Stephen Hirschberg's “Lest We Forget.
and George Bush forget it
yeah and uh that's right Aikman did go to OU i forgot about that
Regardless of when you place your order, the nursery will ship the bulbs at the proper time for planting in your area, so if you do it now, you can forget about it until later.
you're exactly right and and this the other teams failed to do Houston failed to do that they had Bum Phillips in there and a and a good running back i forget to uh i forget that fellow's name uh
One of the basic truisms about investing that's very easy to forget, especially in the middle of the kind of bull market we're in, is that it isn't a stock market, but rather a market of stocks.
i forget where it was i think it was Portland Oregon ended up burning a bunch of it it was just piling up and they had no where to put it
You keep forgetting the Texas Billionaire himself who, I suspect, won't be able to forgo a run at the Oval.
and forgot about them through the whole Winter well i went out there this Spring and they had took root right where they were on top of each other and they told me that they are the hardest things to you know
"Welles was at the peak of his talent in Touch of Evil , but let's never forget what an abrasive, high-wire, self-destructive talent he was" (Edelstein).
that the legislature said hey we got to do this we got to do this we got to do this but they forgot to put in the state budget
Waltz's in his 1959 book, Man, the State, and War . Nevertheless, Goble's point is one that bears repeating, if only because it seems to be so easily forgotten.
The big story today is what happens when blue tape meets red tape, with the House Judiciary wrangle over the release of Starr report evidence--including the Clinton video--leading at USA Today , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times . The New York Times puts that story on the top front, but goes instead with Congress' likely decision to transfer control of satellite exports back to the State Dept. from the Commerce Dept., a development with its roots in a now-nearly forgotten Clinton technology-transfer-for-political-donations scandal broken last spring by the Times , a development nobody else's front page covers.
right right because you know a lot of countries just shoot you on the spot you know forget that trial and the jury and all that you know they just
With the economy at full throttle, it would be easy to forget that not everybody has been able to make the trip.
i don't know i haven't heard anything i don't hear much about Colorado Springs it's kind of like they're kind of trying to be invisible forget about us forget about us
The story states the margin of error (4 percent for the Republicans, 5 percent for the Democrats) but forgets to tell the size of the sample.
going to call this week i forgot about it just until i was going to do it tonight uh i have i was i called i think every day last week and i forgot about this week i got so tied up with some other things
Royal wedding intrigue dominates, with the Globe raising the possibility that Prince Edward may be gay--perhaps forgetting that only a week earlier, it had him confessing that he was actually in love with his late sister-in-law, Princess Diana.
and they they forget all about him
Advice to all: Study the older royals for the way they manage good proportions, especially the British Queen Mum, and don't forget to study your own full-length hatted reflection--front, back, and profile--before hitting the street.
i had forgotten about that see it's just my husband and i and so i don't have that you know i uh that constant influence of the kids shows and all that but um i don't know
In those items a name I had all but forgotten cropped up again: Linda R. Tripp.
and redid it i'll never forget got my stepfather to put in uh a waterfall and a little pond in one corner i mean that was like the most energy invested in anything in the whole time i ever knew him
I wind up thinking that to really enjoy The New New Thing , you have to forget about the claim the author is making for his subject and simply revel in scenes like that one.
uh-huh and we were going to do it there was four of us together well then forget that it wasn't near me
But the lay reader can bypass the technical data embedded in the story of the painter who became totally colorblind following an accident (and a possible stroke), and ponder instead the near-mystical shift that occurred in someone formerly dependent on color who came to forget what color was, and to value his achromatopic perception without regret or sense of handicap.
yes and it was it was awful to hear what you know what some of these people really went through And i forget the percentage of people that you know that she had said and this was i mean she did research on it and everything
The Los Angeles Times leads with Boris Yeltsin's blunt reaction to President Clinton's criticism of Russia's Chechnya operation: Don't forget that Moscow has a vast nuclear arsenal.
oh next month in December oh i keep forgetting you're it's not as cold there as it is here oh well i when i was a fourth year uh
Aside from one direct and passionate defense of gay rights, which got the biggest applause of the night, I've already forgotten most of what he said.
but i can just forget that from now on i'm going to use i'm going to switch to the white ones
yeah i forget to the day goes by and i forget to make a call usually
we can't forget Lenny Bruce, can we?
it's almost that they're royalty of some sort and i think that's why they forget sometimes that laws apply to them too
So, great deeds of the past are ultimately forgotten, the remnants distorted or no longer understood.
yeah i forget to the day goes by and i forget to make a call usually
forget about the worm.
and i i've kind of you know you kind of make a purchase and you and you forget you know what you put on your credit card and you know within a month you know they send you your bill and uh
But most of all, they say, forget population statistics and instead look at the laboratory.
I'll never forget having my front teeth removed by the wonderful National Health Service: nurse's foot on my chest (I kid you not), dentist's pliers in my mouth, blood everywhere, no gas, and when I screamed, I was accused of not being a grown-up.
A lawmaker who was there tells the Post that Gingrich also told the group, "I want you to forget the word 'scandals' and start using the word 'crimes.
The Forgive and Forget strategy has this virtue for Republicans: It is the only way they're going to win a clean PR victory.
The WP notices some sympathetic signs but also one stating, "Forget Injection, Use a Pickax."
I never let him do that again, and I never forgot that lesson about the way authority figures can screw you.
The collapse of the wall between the terrestrial and celestial was followed by a collapse of the once equally firm (and now equally forgotten) wall between the past, when divine cataclysms were supposed to have shaped the earth, and the present, with its seemingly permanent mountains and oceans.
But over time, this aspect of his success will be forgotten because it doesn't fit the pattern.
Children in joint-custody arrangements invariably forget stuff at one parent's house and make the other one take them there late at night or first thing in the morning.
Normally, the first thing I do when I get home is kick off my shoes, but these were so comfortable that I'd realize, late into the evening, that I'd forgotten to take them off.
Despite resolving not to make him feel like he's being assaulted, I often forget myself when we are together and realize too late that I'm either sitting too close or talking too close or worse, being a hug-Nazi.
Stein is far more amusing when she forgets her rules and gets drunk on the music of words.
In The Street Lawyer , Grisham sheds whatever lingering attachments he may have had to the frivolity of his genre and emerges as a moralist--a skilled and worthy practitioner of the largely forgotten art of socially redeeming fiction.
Savage attributes such Svengalian omnipotence to Malcolm McLaren, and focuses so heavily on McLaren's intellectual antecedents, from structuralism to the Situationist International, that you could easily forget there was any band there at all.)
Don't you forget about me, Elvis
Surely Callahan just forgot in the rush of her scoop.
The thousands of volunteers who poured into the earthquake zone will not easily forget the power they were able to mobilize."
And let's not forget that Harry has, at the end of Prisoner of Azkaban , just turned 13.
All that e-mailing she does appears to have caused her to forget how to write more than four consecutive paragraphs at a time.
Forget books and magazines.
The names included Odets, who subsequently named names himself, and several actors since forgotten, in part, perhaps, because they were blacklisted.
Forget, too, the absence of even the semblance of evidence for Kinsey's inner state here as elsewhere: Kinsey "must have felt" ambivalence about gardening because it threatened his "fragile sense of masculinity."
In fact, we--by which I mean economists, politicians, business leaders, and everyone else I can think of--had pretty much forgotten what a good old-fashioned panic was like.
Some were truly weird, others major innovators whose stature would only be recognized later: Blues radical Charley Patton was forgotten; Dock Boggs and Frank Hutchinson have barely been given their due even now.
Has he already forgotten that Slaughterhouse castigates former U.N.
Chatterbox forgot.
I went to Texas A&M, don't forget.
But once I identified the bird, the drawings in bird books and my own sense of order arranged the image, and made it clearer to me, and I never forgot it.
Chatterbox forgot to ask George S. whether he'd ever used marijuana, but doesn't feel like calling him back to ask now.
The first thing that will strike you is that George Lucas, who wrote and directed the movie, has forgotten how to write and direct a movie.
Soon she'd forgotten all about her subjects and begun inquiring into the very nature of composition.
"Forget 2% real growth," urges Shepard.
Have you forgotten U.S. history?
. But Whitman's intentions, insists Cool Mom , are unimpeachable and always have been, her commitment to her various roles absolute ("she has that ability to go home and forget about all the political stuff and be a ...
Bending over backward to show how sensitive they can be, they forget that violence--even if it's just emotional violence--belongs in "ordinary" dramas, too.
They were a barbaric race, and their custody of the area brought about a dark period during which the written word was forgotten and art disappeared.
"All we remember and all we forgot is here before us, the deer and other meat, the bear and tiger to whom we are meat, the plants and water and rock look at us with recognition, welcome us, dotted lines of light, of power shoot from everything into me, from me into everything" M, 28
Gettysburg forged a link between the nation and egalitarian thinking that we sometimes forget.
' That might work for you, but I would forget the sentence (especially Absalom, my main association with the name being with Chaucer's ribald Miller's Tale ).
So then I would forget about it and the girls would come over and they would say, "Ms.
(1) identifying emerging problems, (2) assessing the effectiveness of current policiesand awareness efforts, (3) determining the need for stepped up education or new controls to address problem areas, and (4) monitoring the status of investigative and disciplinary actions to help ensure that no individual violation was inadvertently forgotten and that violations were handled consistently.
Don't forget that you need to respond to renew your Friends membership and keep your name on the Gallery's mailing list.
yeah that's really neat you can just get out there and lose yourself in it and forget everything else in the world except what you're seeing out there
And don't forget, "hummer" used to mean something nice."
We should not forget that despite pretensions of a democratic founding in 1787, the idea that more than a dominant élite should vote was as foreign to the mind of the late eighteenth century as were the terms “American nation” and “equality.”
That King was fallible was almost forgotten in the mad rush to immortalize him during his own lifetime.
"Forget it!"
When Elliott eagerly dons his hair shirt to bemoan Big Pharma, he finds so much sin to revel in that he forgets to give a reason, any reason, why enhancement is, in itself, immoral.
Don't forget to choose your free gift when selecting your preferred membership level.
Forget it.
Forget the Alamo!
It was at el baile that courtship occurred (since girls, although they may have gone to the dance chaperoned, were allowed to dance with boys); it was at el baile that families and relatives interacted, that the week’s work was forgotten, and that life’s mysteries were discussed.
And don't forget all his dubious fund-raising phone calls--they may still lead to an independent counsel investigation.
Computer-controlled cutting machines, on the other hand, do not forget.
Like Dan Quayle on Letterman . Like how come capitalism forgot the need for the worker-consumer?
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.
How can one forget Ohm's Law, volts=Amps × Resistance, given “ V irgins A re R are.”
Someday they will be forgotten.)
But someone forgot to tell the writer-director, Rand Ravich, that a genre movie can't survive on fancy, high-toned portent alone--especially when the audience knows what's being portended before they even buy their tickets.
We sometimes forget the context in the Declaration of Independence in which we find the phrase: All men are created equal.
And for whatever it's worth, Prudie has never heard of anyone saying, "Stepdad, please pass the salt," so forget that one.
The chances are high of making the slit too deep or forgetting it entirely.
Chatterbox completely forgot to watch 20/20 Friday night!
Lighting daily candles could be a financial strain, and a pilgrimage may take several years to complete, yet neither is ever forgotten, and a manda is taken more seriously than a legal written contract.
I'm glad.Now don't forget the paper that's due Friday."
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.
Brock, in case you've forgotten, is that young, gay, conservative investigative sex journalist who specializes in the reverse beatification of liberal saints in the gay-baiting American Spectator . After making his name with a best seller arguing that Anita Hill had mixed up Clarence Thomas with someone else, Brock became even more notorious by breaking, in the pages of the Spectator , the lurid tale that came to be known as "Troopergate."
By the time he died in 1997, he was virtually forgotten.
When we forget this principle, or cease to accept it, it is not just our language that begins to fray at the edges.
The origin of this custom is not known, but some believe it is to remind society that the stranger at the door should not be forgotten.
Of course Prudie agrees that working out is the better part of weight loss; she just plum forgot to mention it.
The computer cutter does not tire during the day nor forget to cut the notches, and the operator of computer-cutting equipment does not need the skills of a manual operator.
He forgets that you don't care about reproducing unless what you're reproducing is yourself.
In time he was entirely forgotten, many of his buildings were demolished, others insensitively altered.
Some forget the large number of Dravidian language speakers in India.
Although this is a family tradition and ritual, some families use the occasion to lavish on their daughters an extravagant day, never to be forgotten.
And therein lies the other problem with passwords: People forget them.
Beenas were used because there was an ancient almost forgotten belief that plants possessed associated spirits [ 21 ] . In addition to the plant use of the Guyanese Amerindians, ants and other insects were made to bite the nostrils of the hunting dog.
Oh forget it, I got overwhelmed by my first encounter.
In the first few days jet-lag, acclimatization, and culture shock may lead you to lose your temper when you see the airports, railways, and hotels not organized in a way you’re used to, but don’t forget — John Kenneth Galbraith called it a functioning anarchy.
it got loose and i've forgotten what how she did it and she had it in a cage of some sort
BC: No, forget it.
Despite the strength of the BJP, the emergence of Rajiv Gandhi’s Italian-born widow, Sonia Gandhi, as Congress Party President suggests that the legacy of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty is fa r from forgotten.
uh about five or six years ago my dad who plays every now and then took me out with him and and i basically um i had a horrible slice or hook i forget which one it was it wound up tossing the ball into the trees virtually every time
And my mom, she was crying and everything and she took, I forgot what the medicine was called, but it was that stingy medicine that really stung when they would put it against you, and, um she poured that all over the dog and wrapped it up in bandages and, um, she put it in a box and the next day she heard it barking.
At least four other senators were prepared to oppose conviction had their votes been needed--a fact that has been forgotten, maybe, because it doesn't square with the High Noon portrait of Ross as the man of principle facing down the mob.
It’s so festive, you might forget the cold.
okay um let me see i've been sitting here awhile i almost forgot the topic but uh it seems like i get most of my news from television
Now we, now we didn't, we didn't pay attention to the kids, we had forgotten about the kids, we were going to attend to my brother.
These zephyr-borne estimates went way up after the Grucci fireworks barge floated between Liberty Island and the skyline with an electric sign on it that said Talk (did I forget to say that this was Tina Brown's party for her new magazine, Talk ?) and hurled into the black sky a literally earth-shaking barrage of pyrotechnics.
(When served your bowl of tea, don’t forget to bow slowly and turn the tea bowl three times before sipping the frothy brew. )
um-hum it's really easy just to forget you know that you you charged that or charged that i try to keep all my receipts and keep them in someplace where i know that the bill's going to come but sometimes i forget and
I forgot another thing.
If you want to know where the real culture wars are, forget the academy and think Silicon Valley and Redmond.
But the Yucatán remained a backwater, largely forgotten and ignored.
you know i just when i going into it i just had this block and i went there's just no way i'm going to be able to learn this and when i sat down and really said okay just you know forget your old prejudices and really look at it you know and once you look at it's so really simple you know you
I had forgotten that I was moving to a new place and I had forgotten that I was, uh, going to be going to school.
But to claim that they have been impoverished by globalization, you have to carefully ignore comparisons across time and space--namely, you have to forget that those workers were even poorer before the new exporting jobs became available and ignore the fact that those who do not have access to the global market are far worse off than those who do.
It was so well hidden that the site had been completely forgotten, and it surprisingly had not been plundered by robbers.
database management and do i forget all the other stuff financial management and all this other kind of stuff in your regular job uh you can't function
Um, oh, there was one back from, I guess, from the elementary years that I had forgotten to mention to you, um, Harold and the Purple Pen.
But at crucial moments in these movies the vampire always seems to forget he has these powers and ends up wrestling around on the floor of a dusty convent or abandoned factory with the earth-bound hero.
Completely forgotten for centuries, the ruins were only partially restored in the 1930s.
it's already the nineties i forgot i forget that too
Well I opened my eyes and I like tossed my head over to look at Spencer, when I opened my eyes she was going back down the hall, I tossed my head back over to look at Spencer because he was laying on the other side of the bed, and uh, when I did, Jennifer was in the bed with me and Spencer, she was laying down between me and Spencer or on the other side of Spencer, Spencer was in between us, and I woke her up, I'm like, "Jennifer you got to wake up now," because, and I told her what had happened, and that hadn't been the only time something like that had happened, um, there had been times when, um, we were like we were going to sleep or something, and, um, one night I'd spent the night with her and some stuff had happened that night I forget what all had happened but-- \\
Let's talk about his good works and forget about that affair with his kids' baby sitter.
The roguish image of the city’s present might make it easy to forget the city’s glorious past.
yeah they're the ones who make i mean they're the ones they have you know decide although i mean the unfortunate part of that is that is that people tend to forget that doctors are humans as well
That's something else I got from her, I forgot.
What counts is the connection--the feeling of not being forgotten.
Athens was all but forgotten.
well that i had forgotten my uh i i i have a little station wagon that i drive to work and my husband has a a van that he uses in his business
it's preceded by uh several other books by these guys uh Wake Me Up When It's Over was about the eighty four elections and i forget what the other books were but any case uh it it it's uh
eventually get's up there to five thousand ten thousand whatever fifty thousand forget it i don't want that
it's already the nineties i forgot i forget that too
let's see i've forgotten let's see the grand master and then right out of that's master what's the one that's just under master
i forget was it one term or two term
oh i forgot the name of it and stop the junk mail that i've done
i had uh i had forgot i hadn't even thought about that in a long long time i had two numbers the lowest one i had was like a a sixty eight i think and then another one uh i had like a one thirty seven i think you know
it's uh exercise is kind of forget it
i know this is only my second call i just kept forgetting about it and then my phone wasn't working and i'd get a call every now and then and i'd put my PIN number in and they'd say this is incorrect then then somebody suggested it was the phone sure enough we had a new phone
i don't know i haven't heard anything i don't hear much about Colorado Springs it's kind of like they're kind of trying to be invisible forget about us forget about us
well now don't forget the mail is something else again that has nothing they're not civil servant people
and then he had a um i forget what type of fish it was it was one of these fish that i it would eat it ate a big other fish and things like that there would be sort of moby fish in a tank
oh this was your husband wasn't it that's right i've forgotten that you told me that but i'd forgotten
you know recycle well if it's a problem forget that uh not throw the trash out the car window and leave it in the car and then throw it away
Forget it, Jake, it's religious tradition.)
and um called food um what's it called i forgot what it's called anyway and and lemon
Do the papers mean that the girls in question forget to take their pills?
yeah and i forgot about the one in the chamber oh
(Indeed, the only accepted use of "You're welcome" seems to be as an actively hostile reminder of ingratitude--"You're welcome," as in "You forgot to say thank you, you asshole."
i've forgotten the guy's name who was in it who had the lead role yeah and i especially like him uh
5. Never let anyone know that you've forgotten the name of the "announcer."
oh twenty uh seven i almost forgot my age oh really
On Columbine, before I forget: I don't, in general, buy as a sufficient explanation for media obsessions that "it's all about ratings and selling papers," for two reasons.
they do forget it's true could because everybody think of what happens is whenever the politician whenever the the one who made that supposed mistake turns around and uh his his or her opponent can say well look they did this and they can turn around and say well my opponent did this
For Benton, aging evidently means forgetting everything you once knew about drama.
and it's the first big car i had since i had my nine passenger Impala station wagon from seventy six to eighty and it made all the i i had forgotten what driving a big car was like
Cornell's art consists of useless found objects that, when arranged in boxes and placed behind glass, seem like answers to forgotten riddles set long ago by brilliant and perverse princesses.
uh because oh Scientific American comes to our house too i forgot that's mostly my son's but he but i do read it too and so
Forget about awe, too, unless it's short for "Awesome, dude!"
but uh we do and we have several council women that are women but you just start hearing more and more in fact oh the the Governor of Texas is a woman too can't forget that one so Ann Richards
Anton certainly never forgot his origins.
because we had the guy the i forget the guy's name the one who came in for him
One generation has already clearly forgotten.
forget who their quarterback is i can see his face
This is the genius behind the "knock it down today, forget about tomorrow" Clinton strategy. ...
now who did they trade him to i forgot Cleveland
If anything, things of a traumatic character are more likely to be remembered than forgotten."
uh i don't know i'd be afraid afraid i probably forgot how to ride a bike you know
Welles was at the peak of his talent in Touch of Evil , but let's never forget what an abrasive, high-wire, self-destructive talent he was.
and you forget some of the smells and stuff like that but i think you know probably the probably the Middle East is if you have too many tribes mixed up with troubled mentality not only the Mideast but also in in the what they call the emergency African nations the third world
But perhaps this is one campaign that doesn't depend on repetition, on driving a jingle so deep into your skull that you can't forget it.
oh i forgot Sally's last name
After all, in this piece the car-home-and-fire salesman turned global strategist describes the Gulf War as if it were a model of Clausewitzian clarity concerning ultimate goals and acceptable means, forgetting in the process that at the end of that war, the Bush/Powell/Schwarzkopf axis internally disagreed about war issues that had never been articulated for the American people: Should the U.S. destroy the Iraqi military, invade Baghdad, or topple Hussein even after Iraq was repulsed from Kuwait?
um from i forgotten this is Sherwin Williams Paint or something but anyway it's it's remarkable that's one of the problems though when you start painting to try to get the
I realize the best thing to do is forget about him, but how do I do that?
yeah my uh my grandmother is hers is physically she's in not too bad of shape she's in her upper eighties i guess forgetting in my order but uh she's uh Alzheimer's i guess
Instead of leaving normal notes, such as "Please take out the garbage" or "Don't forget to pick up milk on the way home," she leaves me long (four page) handwritten letters about concern for each other's feelings, sharing chores, etc.
i'd almost forgotten about that
The Great Helmsman is still widely revered; his crimes have been forgotten; and his muscular, anti-Western brand of nationalism is making a comeback.
the uh up until uh you know recently where she's been having accidents in the house because she either is losing control or she forgets where she is and uh i find a little present on the floor sometimes when i come home
But still, in one degree or another the feeling described by Auden, of not wanting to be forgotten, must be nearly universal.
well Warren Moon broke his i think his was it his little finger or his thumb i forget toward the last couple of games of the season so he was out for the you know the last part so
If Alexander Pope is correct in asserting that “True ease in writing comes from art, not chance,” a nameing of the grammatical parts, we believe, will reduce the chance and enhance the art, even if the names are one day forgotten.
yes but people grow up and they forget
He miscalculated even more when he added, "In all of my excitement of growing old with you, I will never forget this day."
i just forgot
"It must not be forgotten ...
i forget i think it was something like twelve years or something
"And we mustn't forget the role of the mother who instructed her and who is certainly much more expert than she is at things of this kind."
so that uh forget about this balanced budget this would immediately force them
True comradeship, however, is not forgotten.
that's true is is a real a big hole does exist right now uh in that consumers can just say oh i i forgot that there there is no well defined mechanism at all and and that it is a a a loss i i think
"Tainted Jury": Forget tampering, Clinton's impeachment panel would be struck for cause.
um you have a uh oh i forgot what they call it it's the the
There would appear to be no reason why the first of these defining factors cannot be applied equally well to verbs, a boycott and to boycott could be labelled hand-in-hand as eponymous noun and verb (poor Capt. Boycott having been forgotten by everyone except the etymologists and encyclopedists).
a lot of good memories in in in camping you know it helps you unwind and get away and forget about TI and everything else back home i guess
For some reason I just can't forget about this.
you know especially if you get forget to record those little suckers
They have forgotten the poetry.
um well i think the education like our education has um increased dramatically but then i think also that we're forgetting like basic things like we should know
But forget your parents' opposition and trust your instinct.
yes i'd forgotten what that's called there's a a real name for that like the Judean law or something like that
(If you've forgotten what a junk bond is, click .)
well like in Cheddars yesterday i know that the girl just forgot our order and we were on a lunch hour you know and my gosh she just
These include several "energy crisis" votes (it is by now largely forgotten that environmental groups were often opposed to federal efforts to ease the energy crisis).
but they say uh they always forget you every year they mess it up and forget to give me credit or or or shall i say five out of the last six years
One of the great forgotten figures of American history, Van Buren pioneered party discipline as a way to muster the strength of numbers against the entrenched closed-door aristocracy, transforming state and later national politics.
i forgot to ask you did the iguana catch flies for you
Our couch, fortunately upholstered in gold, has been the scene of many such accidents and is thus called Forever Amber . A deep reclining chair we bought at an estate sale his children held after an elderly gent's death is called Dead Man's Gulch . The dead part has a double meaning as the chair has unpredictable springs, and the mere shift of a haunch can project like a missile the visitor we have forgotten to warn.
the little the little pigs and the geese and the ducks and that we had that was the big rage here couple of years ago and i bought a lot of the country magazines and then it seems like when i put some of that away i quit buying it but i had forgotten the recipes
Some words die and are forgotten, but many of those which wrapped themselves about us like comfy old coats are stolen off our backs.
but other times i'll forget that he's out there at the door and as soon as i open it to go out he's by me like a shot and by the time i can get him he's got a great big gigantic mouthful of food
Unfortunately, I have forgotten the title (and composer), but a reader might recognize it from my reasonably accurate description.
i forget the figure but it was a tremendous amount of savings that could be cut out without really cutting benefits uh just the waste that went on you know
(Americans tend to forget the heroic life of President Bush.
i forget the name of the island but it's a bird sanctuary
The river forgets the fish and the winter sun slides beyond the far hills.
which is taxes where you most people forget about them because you've got you know you can't always get your FICA back at the end of the year but so you know and then you know like a five percent FICA i'm paying forty percent tax
After all, a policy advocate of whatever persuasion ought to be able to make a case for his position without relying on calculations that count the same benefits twice, or forgetting that foreign exchange must either be spent on imports or invested abroad, that it can't just disappear.
you know i mean you would you know learn enough to get by on the test and then you forgot about it because you knew you were never going to see it again in the rest of your years of school
Most delightful sentence in Tuesday's New York Times : "If I forget thee, O Jerusalem ...
making up our minds that yes we are going to do this and we're just going to forgot this old way and we're just going to do it you know and i don't think the older generation is probably ready to do that you know
But let's not forget the upside to the chains.
that's great i'd forgotten all about the Texan side and that's but you got to be a member of Texans to use it
Losers don't forget.
well that's great well what kind of cash i've forgotten what were they going to do
Forget retailing.
normally i mean he didn't seem to have a problem with getting wet but if you wanted to get him wet forget it
The anti-tobacco bill is dead because Big Tobacco bought the Republican senators, charges Margaret Carlson (CNN's Capital Gang ). True enough, agrees Al Hunt, but let's not forget that the trial lawyers bought the Democrats.
and uh you kind of forget what happened and who they were from the time before
Of course, the shape I'm in, by tomorrow morning I'll have forgotten the entire episode.
Washington state and Oregon and i forgot where all else Pennsylvania New York
Impeachment may be forgotten, but it's not gone.
but jazzercise is what it's it's so much fun that you forget you're exercising you know aerobics you don't forget
On July 10, he pressed the president for jobs for three more friends, invoking his impeachment vote, just in case Johnson had forgotten.
sometimes i i'd sit the plants outside on the patio and and i'd forget about them and it gets too hot out there and and they you know
In case you've forgotten, the stock market doesn't always go up.
but they say uh they always forget you every year they mess it up and forget to give me credit or or or shall i say five out of the last six years
If you were deeply attached to the older brother, or now think you were, you will not forget him.
yeah so i guess you know we really we have so many freedoms over here we sometimes forget about how great our country is
Real time in jargon applies to doing something without time for planning or previous thought, as in the minutes before a presentation (or indeed during it), creating a display to replace the key prop someone forgot.
well most people don't do that you know they don't they don't they figure figure once you're in there you forget everything and that's that's really not the case and it's it's sad um
Ah, I'd forgotten all about editorial cartoonist Ranan Lurie, for whom I once toiled as a graphics assistant (wage: $5 an hour, no benefits, in 1987) for two months, until you retrieved my repressed memories.
to where i couldn't take care of them at all it would be something that you know i would certainly if they're forgetting things or whatever i'd prefer to have them at home or have them in what they call now home care
Consumers can quite reasonably argue that history can't be changed and so is best forgotten.
it was really intriguing and i found i i i have a i have a problem with i just about forget them once i've seen them
Many wars end in a reckoning rather than in forgiveness and forgetting.
he's part golden lab and part uh let's see Alaskan no not Alaskan i always forget uh Australian shepherd
Prudie suggests you "convey" your nonstalking status by forgetting this girl exists, which means not trying to be where she is and stopping all communications of any kind.
well don't you ever forget that Oklahoma is not bad but Oklahoma
I'm still not clear what "social studies" are, exactly, but I'll never forget his stories about the UFO that sometimes hovered outside his window, conducting experiments through a metal cable attached to his neck (he showed us the marks).
right that insurance does come into play i forgot about that
Let's not forget that Clinton rescheduled the China trip to coincide with the expected Paula Jones trial date, points out Hume.
right but i mean we we get hamburger in a package and then we end up we forget it came from an animal but i choose to forget i'm a hypocrite myself
Love is not logical, so forget that.
we moved oh last August and we're getting a house my house had this dark wood paneling at the end of the den and we decided we went to i've forgotten one of the paint stores and they just said oh you can get by and i forgotten what it was you put down
According to the WP , executives at Mobil and Exxon forgot one thing while they were crafting their merger into the world's largest corporation: to register their new corporate Internet address.
um i i do think that if people have the opportunity to do it it's something that you know they won't forget it enriches your life and gives you like you said a a good understanding of
When he forgets the eye and the body and tries to appeal to the mind; when he blinds you with too-vivid zebra juxtaposed with too-vivid leopard so you can't see the dress; or when he overburdens the feminine torso with a short, floppy, bulky hoop skirt apparently made of hugely printed pastel silk curtains from a Las Vegas hotel room, topped by a short, bulky blue denim jacket with big brass buttons, then he starts looking too French, and by that I mean, theoretical.
i've forgotten the name of it now but it was about a killing in Texas where somebody was sentenced i think it may have been just to life imprisonment but in any event it may have been capital punishment but uh
Wanniski, in other words, has committed the sin of King Midas: He has forgotten that gold is only a metal, and that its value comes only from the truly useful goods for which it can be exchanged.
and um from a technical standpoint it wouldn't have been a lot more difficult to have built it in Nicaragua but the the United States uh had some and i've forgotten what the political influence was
The formula for sulfuric acid will never be forgotten by anyone who learned in junior high school some variant of the following epitaph:
yeah i should have been and i just i just forgot to uh so uh we're going you work at TI
Amitav Ghosh recounts the forgotten history of the Indian National Army, the Indian troops who deserted the British Army during World War II to fight for the Japanese.
they have a nice dish in there for a chicken dish i forgot the name of it
c) "Forget ground troops, let's send in Buffy."
we almost forgot our subject of the day there
The argument he uses is that people tend to praise what is recent: “That all with one consent praise new-born gauds” is the line that follows, and the implication is clear-- that this is what links mankind, this tendency to focus only on the new and conveniently forget the past.
um-hum i like to read too i was trying to think of some while while it was uh talking about it and then i it took so long for someone to answer i started reading the newspaper and kind of forgot about it but uh
Disney, by anthropomorphizing its critters, exploits this American mushy-mindedness, and makes us forget that pets are, in the end, just animals.
uh be you know put in nursing homes and just forgotten about that's
4) It includes forgotten middlebrow novels from the '30s and '40s at the expense of Pynchon, Morrison, Updike, "and almost every other contemporary novelist people actually read" (Louis Menand, The New Yorker ). 5) A deluge of similarly ridiculous lists is imminent.
but uh they they i think they've just got to forget about him and uh try to build a team without him
It exalts states' rights while ignoring the doctrine's ugly racial legacy, and rants against the federal government while conveniently forgetting Washington's role in salvaging the region's economy with military spending and other aid.
that uh i've forgot what the percentage forty or fifty percent it's surprisingly high that people that shoot each other know them i mean it's not like you know a
But Le Monde said that to do this was to forget that Franco was already dead at the time and that the Spanish Civil War was already long over.
because when he was at course now it's been years now because it was before it was even before they had the the designated smoking type stuff you know at TI i forgot what i guess it was like eighty four
He raises his eyebrows and forgets to take them back down again.
they've got two the two Johnson brothers or they're not brothers but i mean there's two guys named Johnson on their team that are really good doing good or something i forget exactly how that worked but
Even if the message comes from someone you are sure has not forgotten you--one of your children, for example--it is a comfort to be reminded.
you know we just i just say forget it we'll just take it in and have it taken care of he drives drives a Honda
In a macabre way, one might take heart from the news that books could still be perceived to have such an impact; my own cynical view is that had it not been for the attention drawn to it by the fatwah, Satanic Verses would not have had much effect and would have been long forgotten by now.
so i got my weight down and it's kind of easy for me to to forget about it now because uh you know when i'm not fat like i used to be uh you know i just don't worry about it you know
A Beatles biographer, I forget which one, once said that Sgt. Pepper "brought the world closer together than any event since the Congress of Vienna."
oh yeah that surprised me because they were so tough and then i just i just wonder like i say if they lose the desire they did it once and then they just forget it and
The affliction of dialing a phone number and forgetting whom you were calling just as they answer.
yeah our biggest way of saving money is then just have all these deductions um you know isn't isn't let's see now i forget which way we do it we don't list all the deductions and then we get more money back you know at the end of the year
For as long as anyone can remember, the men in this family always forgot my mother-in-law's birthday, Mother's Day, etc.
and uh that happens but i agree if they if they want a career though i think they should go with the career and forget the kids when
c) "Forget ground troops, let's send in Buffy."
i don't i do not really think that anybody can ever forget forget that but they can they can reason and and try to adjust to to why they were there
An LAT story reports that even while Holocaust museums and monuments increase public awareness of the event, the survivors themselves are being forgotten.
in fact we just had um a person put to death uh about three weeks ago was in in Texas and i forget for the reason now oh it was for the uh that clergy that he murdered he murdered a uh
Or has he forgotten that?
they've forgotten about Tom Landry he's a great coach in his day but they've forgotten about him
While that is no easy task, we ought not forget that the IRS currently performs this very function in administering the estate and gift tax.
okay well we're the same age yeah i forget my age all the time so that's okay it's i think it's just something that goes with the territory but to me Texas see and Kentucky we had to have ice on the ground for them to close school okay
Forget about the vague fear of the nameless, otherwise known as "dread."
oh yeah you're that's a good point but at TI they before they had the testing i've forgotten it seems seems like it's a year ago September something like that
But just two weeks later, Charlton shared the distressing news that the couple's love life is being ruined by his penchant for antiques hunting on the Web: He's apparently "so caught up" in his Net surfing that he "forgets Jennifer's keeping his bed warm."
and i liked the woman that played in that i forgot what her name is now
He re-materialized in the late '80s, this time in the guise of the Angry White Male, the forgotten victim of minority preferences and "reverse discrimination."
but forget about things like eyes or your teeth or anything else
I cannot bear to feel forgotten.
there's a uh a couple called um oh i'm going to forgot his name now uh Dirkson
I had seen the Wallace and forgotten.
okay national service what do you think about it i'm sorry i forgot i forgot your name already
She's gone but not forgotten: A week after Tina Brown's farewell essay in The New Yorker , a staff tribute to Brown monopolizes "Talk of the Town."
but if he forgets i try to to help him remember
If you go, don't forget to buy the illuminating book by its curator, Valerie Steele.
because they are they were already misused when they came back and they're not going to forget that
When Brown became secretary of commerce in 1993, the managing directors were not forgotten.
i have i was trying to think of the one i went to a couple of weeks ago but i forgot it already
In other words, forget market-share equations: Look at prices to find the real story.
people always say how how can these politicians be in power and stuff but i guess they forget that they're the ones who put them there in the first place you know
He said all he's doing, in fact, is reminding people of bedrock liberal positions that seem to have been forgotten along the way.
oh that's right i forgot i wonder who has to listen to all this garbage
The more he lied about his lies, the more people focused on his lying and forgot what the original lies were about.
been on the line for awhile i almost forgot what the topic was
And don't forget Tipper Gore.
what they had been doing and uh then would have to try to take appropriate action but uh you know there are a lot of things we think in terms of drugs we think of crack we think of heroin we think of marijuana we forget that there are other types of
Don't forget Woodstock 1999 --the concert of "peace and love" that ended in a literal blaze of glory when in an hours-long tribute to the original Woodstock, the mob started ripping down vendor booths and anything else that would burn and piling it onto the bonfires scattered about the scene.
and then i'll get busy and if no one reminds me then i will forget so i'm not too sure course i guess that's part of being apathy too but i do try to vote in every one but uh
On the other hand, those who encourage us to forget the past are usually Gen.
i'm forget i cannot think of that word
I purposely hadn't reread the book before seeing the film, and furthermore resolved to forget Cronenberg's previous adaptation of a famously impossible work of literature, the contrived mess he fashioned from William S. Burroughs' Naked Lunch . But as much as I enjoyed Crash the movie, I found that my keenest pleasure came from imagining the potential reactions of others.
the next thing you know we'll be turning turning around just like we did to Poland and say well just forget it
Mom, Dad forgot the Pokémon cards!
what a hoot i i'd forgotten about this thing i have been so bad oh good
I spent more than a year trying to forget this, and now I'm trying to remember it."
. As for nones and ides , forget it.
(3) but it doesn't ultimately satisfy, so forget about it.
Should I take her out again, or just give her a small gift and forget our tradition of the birthday dinner?
The man who had once come up with a "has-been corner" skit, in which, as Zmuda recalls, forgotten performers "would be sent out to flounder in front of an audience ...
In the court of public opinion there is no parallel between video and a bare allegation--something often forgotten by zealous reporters and columnists.
There is no sign yet that the administration is tempted by mea culpa/ Forgive and Forget.
As a response to Hirsch, it is irrelevant, appearing long after most had forgotten Hirsch's book.
"Never forget that, in Shakespeare's time, we created the greatest theater culture in the history of the world.
As my ultra-leftist friend Jeff says, when we speak of fascism, we must not forget to include Red fascism.
For that reason fearful officials hurl false charges at him in the media--never in court--to try to keep him in prison forever and to make people forget about how he blew the whistle on a secret American pro-Iraqi tilt, long before it became public knowledge.
Forget the slight note of character build-up that comes with "steadfastly," but please do notice that this sentence does not read, "In order to make Republicans look bad, the White House has.
Forget it.
and lightly rainy in Parkersburg and me all day there exactly as if my belief had long been firm; not forgetting for one minute how I felt listening to "I'm Different" by Randy Newman years ago and the sacred tears in my eyes at that time.
It is difficult not to detect an autobiographical note in his heroes' struggle to control inner distress and bury forgotten memories.
Speaking of drawers: The third-place finisher, Forget Me Not , features an animated condom in a drawer.
(Let's not forget the one in last week's horrific story, who injected his son with the AIDS virus to avoid paying child support.)
I guess sending a couple of wrestlers to the Coke CEO's office and teaching him a lesson he'd never forget wasn't considered a realistic option."
Elena McMahon, given to "fast walks and clean starts," fits the mold of her predecessors, sensitive yet impassive females proficient at forgetting and at never looking far ahead.
Dole is sorely tempted to forget everything he knows about the 1980s tax cuts.
"Carson's said today, forget that last-minute stuff.
But as this interpretation was not at all obvious, or was forgotten, the familiarity of many Englishmen with the Span. Dios and the Ital. Dio may really have suggested a new interpretation in the eighteenth century; indeed, even Cotgrave seems to have had such a notion.
And who can forget the hostages in Iran, held captive by mullahs who denounced America as a "great Satan"?
I'll never forget her voice."
And let's not forget that both the Pakistani and Indian governments are highly volatile and unstable, cautions Hunt.
This chilling story of a mother's crushing love for a son will haunt me long after I've forgotten the details of the handover ceremony.
(If you somehow missed or have forgotten the details, click .) The case provoked a national outcry.
He continues: "Salinger became the Greta Garbo of literature, and then periodically, when it may have seemed he was about to be forgotten, he resurfaced briefly, just to remind the public that he wanted to be left alone . The whole act could have been cute or whimsical; only, it felt as if it were being put on by a master showman, a genius spin doctor, a public-relations wizard hawking a story the public couldn't get enough of."
It should also not be forgotten that in the rural languages there are also words referring to coins, money, etc.
And then out of Owens' offbeat past appear his 10-year-old daughter, Jane, and her mother, Mary di Natali, whom he once urged to get an abortion and has since done his best to forget.
Forget running for the Senate or being ambassador to the United Nations.
They would forget that we are products not just of evolution, but also of what we imagine ourselves to be.
The early '50s, don't forget, were the heyday of the dog song, and rare was the pop star who managed to avoid having one inflicted on him: Half a century later, Frank Sinatra will sock you on the jaw if you so much as mention "Mama Will Bark," his canine love duet with the big-breasted faux-Scandinavian "actress" Dagmar.
The Geordies do use pet as an endearment for wife or girl friend: I won't forget, pet, also in more general terms in conversing with people of all ages.
And as for Hillary, forget it.
The only negative reviews come from two critics who write for big papers--Stephen Holden of the New York Times and Susan Wloszczyna of USA Today --which makes you wonder if they've got so successful they've forgotten the torture a jammed copy machine can inflict on the lowly.
Even if Republicans decide later that they don't actually forgive and forget, it may be too late.
I'd almost forgotten that legendary chapter in Graham and Dodd's Security Analysis : 'On the Importance of Fame in Valuing Stocks.
Don't forget: Republican debate tonight.
' " Let's not forget Nabokov's exquisite progression in the other direction: "Tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap, at three, on the teeth: Lo.
It's certainly easier to revise on a computer: Students tend to forget that "cut and paste" once involved literal scissors and glue, a laborious process that I used to get me through a dissertation almost 30 years ago.
i know um they uh i forget what i think it's um
forget them
Of course, this assumes that Congress won't just forget about balancing the budget instead.
The most spectacular art treasures of the church are its gorgeous Byzantine mosaics, glittering Old Testament scenes high on the walls (don’t forget the binoculars), and a triumphant Mary and Jesus enthroned in the apse over the high altar.
Forget about saving the whales: Time reports that the overfishing of sharks for fins (an Asian delicacy) and cartilage (mistakenly thought to prevent cancer) has brought several species to low population levels.
"Forget about Clinton," the director wrote, "How do we impeach Kenneth Turan?"
Let us not forget marijuana which is simply `Mary Jane' in Mexico, or cucaracha , the `cockroach' that entered English via a popular song.
i have done that once and i did it uh gosh i forget why i i guess i
But I am sufficiently open-minded to forget what I might be looking for--some bit of lexicographic esoterica, no doubt--and settle for something I consider to be much simpler and not readily derivable from an ordinary dictionary.
well i'd forgotten that Gossage was with the Rangers the the he was this year last year
that's the one that uh oh i forget the guy's name that stars with Roseanne on TV
However, technology boosters, who won't stop thinking about tomorrow, often forget to think about yesterday: It's not at all clear that increasing returns are any more important in software than they were in the early days of railroads, electricity, telephones, radio, even automobiles (What good is a car without gas stations?
um no because i can't get beyond making this first quilt i'm afraid if i make another one i'm keeping it the watercolor i can dash off in twenty minutes and that's you know it's finished but um yeah the quilting forget it
yeah because they dealt Belcher and then they got someone else i forgot his name though
It looks as though we're now meant to forget that quaint line of thought, and to regard such fancy trappings as appropriate to the ruthless fight for political ascendancy.
off of charges of killing their wives or their ex-wives yeah isn't that lovely so there's this guy um i forget what his name is and he is a lawyer someplace and he's gotten so far about four or five
Having apparently forgotten that only last week they ruled out Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic as a negotiating partner because of his indictment for war crimes, most British newspapers were taking this week's Belgrade talks very seriously.
Ross, an academic, never lets us forget that he is from New York and not easily to be taken in.
But when you wonder why in this country, a demonstration of communists is regarded more indulgently--or, as I would say, with less alarm--than one of fascists would be, I think you are forgetting the very different domestic roles of these two political strains.
I nominate as the most under-reported story of the year (and the last few years) the continuing alarmist predictions by foreign-policy and military experts about peacekeeping efforts, which are then proved wrong and immediately forgotten.
Don’t forget to protect young skin from the sun, which can be extremely powerful here.
uh i hope i hope they do they've uh i forgot who've they signed already
"We never forget where we came from," said Le, 29, who arrived in the United States six years after her sister's death. "
you cook them so often you kind of forget their names yeah yeah
yeah well that's another one i read i forgot that i read the Wall Street Journal not as in depth as i used to because they their articles seem to be getting even longer and longer but
Don’t forget that the sun can be very strong in summer.
Let's return to the forgotten present.
As long as we're talking about corruption and exploitation, we should not forget that the wickedest gambling sharpies don't live in Las Vegas but in the state capitals, where the lotteries are headquartered.
My body is to me like a crippled rabbit that I don't want to pet, that I forget to feed on time, that I haven't time to play with and get to know, a useless rabbit kept in a cage that it would be cruel to turn loose.
i forget what you call those things and and that was some of the best tasting water i mean i can still to this day taste that water
Orca functions as a euphemism only because its true meaning is forgotten.
Don't forget, people have been ignoring possible health threats from cell phones for a long time now.
okay national service what do you think about it i'm sorry i forgot i forgot your name already
I'm willing to have them testify as to what they wrote in the article and basically forget the affidavit.
I remember, my parents actually read to me, um, Watership Down, which is a story about a bunch of rabbits who, um, get driven out of wherever they're living, I forget the technical term for, for what their home under, under the ground is called, but they get driven out of that and they have to go and basically find a new place to live.
To think is to forget a difference, to generalize, to abstract.
We can't forget the many hard-fought battles it took to get this far in the struggle to save natural areas and habitats.
um-hum right exactly exactly it takes over i even um i forget if it was 60 Minutes or something where people in jail are even getting drugs
The house is like a forgotten palace, full of neglected treasures.
Someone mentioned Husserl, who, I had forgotten, was himself a Jew but got himself baptized.
It will seem as if one day, things are going along just fine--fresh, new leaves and flowers--and the next, I haven't finished with this, I forgot about that, I neglected this, I left that out in the rain, that should have been moved, that is overgrown, that is dead, and the weeds are taking over . Taking to bed with Henry Mitchell is the surest palliative I know.
And, the first time he ever called me, I was on the phone and he called, I was talking to my mom, and I switched over and I'm like, "MAMA IT'S DOUG," and he said, "Huh", I had forgotten to switch the phone over before I screamed in his ear.
My baby's father sent me through so much stuff, I was like forget it."
Don't forget to indicate to which area you would like your donation to be directed.
Not forgetting the men, the city of Kanchipuram also produces superb silk ties.
I forgot now that when he was born, probably, uh probably sometime around 18, 1828, 1830, 1831.
Well, and I forgot to tell you when the soldiers came, to my house, the guerrillas were there, the guerrillas went back.
She ran across some discrimination in the workplace during those years, and I never forgot that.
I had forgotten that I was moving to a new place and I had forgotten that I was, uh, going to be going to school.
While the new surplus projections offer an opportunity to address today's needs, we should not forget our stewardship responsibility to reduce the debt burden and increase the choices we leave to future generations, to provide a strong foundation for future economic growth and to ensure that future commitments are both adequate and affordable.
So much sugar, I'd have to say, "Ten cents worth of sugar," so whatever it was, I'd have to say it, you know, if I didn't I'd forget.
And later, I guess I forgot and she knew I would.
Sometimes, it seems, we forget that "justice for all" is part of our national creed.
I forgot to ask you.
When Maynard invited me to visit with you, I plumb forgot that the Commission would be in the final throes of the R2000-1 rate case in late October.
I forget, Mom lost count how many times you were on that merry-go-round because you were too little.
I'm forgetting something.
And then, finally I, I forget how the story went, but I always remember her reading me this one story and I just loved it.
State Department consular officers around the world, it should not be forgotten, were constantly challenged by the problem of terrorism, for they handled visas for travel to the United States.
You'd never forget it.
Patients may forget or misunderstand spoken information.
The city can just forget about it, I'm just gone.
Self-reported adherence during the monitoring period was obtained using the following question, which was adapted from the Brief Medication Questionnaire (Svarstad B., personal communication): While you were using the special medication bottle, on how many days in an AVERAGE WEEK did you forget to take a pill?
You must have forgot," and I must have because it totally took me by surprise, and we ended up at a new place and I remember this, this new house that we were at and, ah, in a pretty area and it had a much bigger yard than the one.
Forget the lure of large firms, the security of a government post.
Forget his daddy!
(I will never forget how horrified I was as a young student by the amounts of almost human-like blood flowing into my lab dish while dissecting tubeworms to analyze trophosome enzyme activity.)
I forgot about comic books!
In principle, we could forget about the input pairwise alignment, and allow our three models to optimally realign the input sequences.
I forgot about that.
I, for one, will not forget President Bush's poignant reminder in the aftermath of Sept. 11: "We're in a fight for our principles," he told us, "and our first responsibility is to live by them."
And we would go to, I forget how often we'd go to library, like, you know, maybe it was once a week, maybe it was three times a week but everytime we'd go we'd all sit on the rug we'd sit Indian- style, cross-legged and, uh, I'm sure it's very politically incorrect at this point, but the librarian could never say that today.
Travelling between Delhi, Mumbai, and Calcutta, it’s easy to forget that southern India exists.
And don't forget all his dubious fund-raising phone calls--they may still lead to an independent counsel investigation.
But we shouldn't forget that we would be even more confident if the results were exactly what biochemistry and physiology would lead us to expect.
Like all are dogs all the goats were named after TV characters, so Remington was after, uh, I guess that show Remington I forget now but some character.
Trying to underact these days, she still can't walk across a room without looking self-conscious, and the rest of the performances (by Jude Law, Ian Holm, Willem Dafoe, Christopher Eccleston, and Don McKellar) are so terrible that it's hard to know whether Cronenberg wants to signal that much of what we're seeing isn't "real" or he has just forgotten how to write for hemoglobular flesh vessels--i.e.
Put the kids on the Gyrotron whirligig or Aquapark waterslide and watch (or forget about them) from the beer garden.
God that would be the exact opposite here i mean if you leave something anywhere you might as well forget it
So guess what happened, I being the smart little, what, six year old that I was, decided that I forgot or didn't remember correctly that I had put the tractor in park and or in gear and not in neutral.
or “Though the Enemy Be Tens of Thousands Strong” seems excessively belligerent today, we should not forget jingoistic attitudes in Europe and America at the time.
they've forgotten about Tom Landry he's a great coach in his day but they've forgotten about him
And, um, she read, I forgot about the nursery rhymes.
Time has sidebars on the McCaughey septuplets' forgotten older sister (22-month-old Mikayla), the horrors of multiple births gone wrong, and adoption as an alternative to fertility drugs.
The best place to jog is the nearby Hollywood Reservoir in the Hollywood Hills, where along the three-plus-mile loop you’ll find complete peace and momentarily forget you’re in a huge city.
of uh old people left somewhere to uh you know fairly forgotten and that's
I remembered a long driveway and it was surrounded by woods it was really nice area in Arnold, MO and, um, basically it was such a shock because when we first got there Mom said, "Today's your first day of school," and apparently I had forgot about that too and I started to get really nervous about that.
Hammerstein rhymes when the song requires it--a lesson his pupil, Sondheim, has forgotten.
yeah forget it
Now they, I mean, I forget when they changed the rules, but finally they started playing by boys ' rules.
The best thing for everyone, then, will be for Qualcomm to settle back in the next couple of months, or even just rise slightly, and for Piecyk's forecast to be forgotten.
The Qing rulers never forgot their nomadic Manchu roots, and Emperor Kangxi developed this remote valley in the countryside as a summer court and hunting ground in 1703.
knowing from what my daughter has gone through she's she learned a lot and it course it was something she had to keep relearning if she ever got away from it it was something easily forgotten so
If you forgot to shake it in the morning your cereal was kind of disgusting.
Still, it is the rare author who can re-create, with so much passion and exactness, aspects of our history that most Americans would just as soon forget.
The tiny village of Rio de Onor, 24 km (15 miles) to the northeast, is a village that time forgot and a geographical oddity.
and they offered lots of things but we weren't taking advantage of them because we didn't have the time to so we decided to forget that that was just a waste of our our money
And she'd send me to the store and I'd have to repeat it, what I was going after all the way to the store so I wouldn't forget!
What many people forget, or omit, or simply never heard of, is that Lot offers a sop to the crowd: his two virgin daughters.
If you want at all costs to avoid the Sistine’s day-long crowds, go there first thing in the morning (don’t forget your binoculars for details on the ceiling).
i forget where i was i know i was in Europe one time and they ran out of money but i couldn't get money on my credit card either oh i was up i was dating a woman upstate New York and i was up in uh upstate and i
But at the time, I guess, you know, I guess she would forget, you know, and sometimes she would remember.
If I could not identify a missing word in a quotation, I marked that down to my own failing, one that was not likely to be remedied by looking it up in Bartlett , after which it would be promptly forgotten; mercifully, not all clues in puzzles are quotations, so some of them worked out; besides, the word that had to be supplied was usually a very common one and its only connection with the quotation was that it happended to appear in it, like be in To be or not to be.
Don’t forget the seller’s instructions.
So instead of trying to understand Japan — forget the bizarre theories of “Japaneseness” — just open your eyes, your ears, and of course your mind.
Also near Kraków is one visit older children are sure not to forget, though it may demand a lot of explaining and soul-searching on your and their parts.
The typical visitor is still older and wealthier than in most holiday destinations, but times are beginning to change — as they are across Portugal, no longer the forgotten backwater of Europe.
The name given Trás-os-Montes — literally, “Beyond the Mountains” — suggests how remote, and even forgotten, it is, even in this small country.
If you’re planning several visits, you might like to concentrate on just one section at a time — the Italian, the French, the Spanish, the Flemish and Dutch, for example, but not forgetting the important sections devoted to ancient Egyptian, Greek, and Roman antiquities.
Farmers won’t ever forget the deals he got for their high-grade bread wheat in Russia and China.
Beijing is too sprawling a town for strolling around, so you can forget the sort of browsing that some European cities offer.
Don’t forget which one you parked in!
Don’t worry if you’ve forgotten to bring one; the best buys among the souvenirs here are chunky hand-knitted cardigans and pullovers.
Ibiza became a mere backwater, largely forgotten but for shipwreck or plague.
You are more than likely to get lost exploring the tiny back streets, little changed since the 16th century, but you’ll never forget the adventure.
ah that's another that's another benefit i forgot to mention we have flex time
Have they forgotten the 1988 campaign?
i forget what that's called with you know it's like a spring spring water but it's below the surface it's not very far down
Encompass Anna Karenina : while not as revelatory as War \?\ Peace , that title is every bit as sweeping in a related arena: do not forget that the eponymous character departs the book some fifty pages before it ends, leaving her name as a metaphor for the deadly effects of society's conventions, as Tolstoy saw them, on the soul.
so uh you know i i forget from year to year i'm getting too old but the um
Don't forget to include which e-mail software program and provider you use.
oh so do i forgot about that i said so do i i forgot about jazz
well uh we had a lot of it done i can't claim to have done much of it it had wood floors that we had refinished commercially so that they were all um even tiled what do you i forgot what you call that where you skim the top and then revarnish
i uh oh i i did forget to ask you what is your name by the way
Also, the Post gets so caught up it quoted one Wall St. guru as saying the merged company has "all the ingredients to be competitive with the bulge-bracket firms," but forgets to explain what that term means.
yeah and it's i forget how many millimeters so you used the metric
(Checkups are every six months, and don't pretend you forgot.)
For those of us who forget to take the shopping list to the supermarket, let alone calendars and rosters of planets and cabinet posts, memory will have to do.
uh-huh and then you fall asleep and have to reread it the next night because you forgot what you've read yeah i i do that too oh i like Larry McMurtry he's good and like Lonesome Dove was
The ravine where they live is named, appropriately, "Los Olvidados"--"the forgotten ones."
well the the uh the mayor of Baltimore is a Rhodes Scholar and i i forget his name but one thing that he suggested doing was
But it was a foregone conclusion that when evolutionary psychology began to focus on genetic predispositions and majoritarian norms to the exclusion of everything else, some literalists would in fact forget everything else.
After an evening stuck in summer traffic, you'll remember that the driver in front of you imposed a cost, but you might forget that the guy who invented your car's air conditioner conferred a benefit.
yeah i'd forgotten
But in acquiring INS, Lucent appears to be forgetting one of the most important lessons of the past two decades: Companies do best when they do only what they do best.
uh forget who else used to play for them but uh yeah those guys were were really tough
Let's not forget that Toobin, the man who now decries the baleful influence of book deals, first made his mark betraying Iran-Contra special counsel Lawrence Walsh, for whom he worked as a lawyer, by quitting to publish a book about the case before it was even over!
right but i mean we we get hamburger in a package and then we end up we forget it came from an animal but i choose to forget i'm a hypocrite myself
to yeah to the reading is The Wall Street Journal if i don't read it the day that it comes in then if they start piling up on me then i have to just forget about about it usually
He wrote, "It is grimly intriguing that the American pro-war lobby is made up of mostly younger people who do not remember (or have forgotten) the Vietnam escalation.
so i'm not i'm not sure that that that will help solve our problems but there definitely is is a problem with uh i forgot there's a political term for this stuff pork barrel or something
He cannot forget anything, and if he needs to put something out of mind, he has to take a mental walk down his mental road and dig a mental hole in which to bury it; he is also afflicted (if "afflicted" is the word) with synesthesia, as well as with an uncertain grasp of self.
but i had forgotten about that and so basically i'd already peed off in that morning and
Mom, Dad forgot the Harry Potter book!
they figure people will usually forget and
Furthermore, there is yet another Op-Ed piece in the New York Times today on the Brooklyn Museum show, this one by Philippe de Montebello, in which he characterizes the works on display there as by artists "who deserve to remain obscure or be forgotten," boldly opining, "I have seen the exhibition, and I think the emperor has no clothes."
i forgot what they found but a dog found it the other day you know on on the border
Forget about it.
and so it was really funny he really enjoyed it and and all the rest of us did too because we spent a couple hours talking about it afterwards and adding more things we'd forgotten so
La Stampa of Turin, Italy, gave the president's African tour one paragraph on Page 9 under the headline "Clinton in Africa to forget Sexygate."
in the reserves for quite a long time and uh he's active in something right now i forgot what it is
You've forgotten to return the video your kids watched yesterday, so you have a messenger take it back to Blockbuster.
that some of the Poles just didn't know what it meant to get up in the morning and you know be there and put in a few extra hours if it needed it or you know a little bit of work here and work there do what it takes instead of just stamp the clock stamp the clock and forget about it give me my paycheck
If you're under 50 and you groove on Sinatra as much as Elvis or the Fab Four or Phil Spector or Hendrix or the Sex Pistols or Nirvana--or if his death means as much to you as the death of Elvis, Lennon, Sandy Denny, Cobain, Gram Parsons, or Tupac--well, I'm sorry, but you've clearly forgotten how cool you used to be.
90--You order that leather breeding hobble, you can forget about stall boredom.
i forget the the other one the he-man or something like this and um and i i i found it uh to be very good The atmosphere was good it was a lot of fun
Surgeons, should we need anything besides our bare hands, keep our stethoscopes coiled up in a pocket of our white coats like forgotten but occasionally necessary detritus.
there are lots of homes out there that just literally people drop them off forget about them and they change hands i mean i'm not saying they don't investigate they investigate it's great when they're there but unless they keep current with it
Back up the steps, I dried on the wall fell to sleep forgot the beast and grew
but we made it out to Yellowstone and it was gorgeous never forget that
And we should not forget the always handy plan and planear .
it's it's so easy to get caught up on reading just for your work or you know self improvement and you kind of forget the fun of reading
and they had uh agricultural they had an agricultural course uh i forget what it was called uh but it goes along the the lines of industrial arts but it's agricultural and where they had to raise a small animal
As the introduction to the Loeb edition says, "In February 45 [a year before he wrote "De Senectute"] the death of his adored and only daughter drove him into a frenzy of writing in an effort to forget his grief."
we moved oh last August and we're getting a house my house had this dark wood paneling at the end of the den and we decided we went to i've forgotten one of the paint stores and they just said oh you can get by and i forgotten what it was you put down
DECEPTIVE BENDS is open to any construction you care to put upon it (“Don't forget the diver, sir, don't forget the diver” as they used to say in ITMA all those years ago).
Oh, and Newt, don't forget to pick up a gallon of milk on your way home.
yeah and the outside i mean the your state highways i i think you know are are pretty adequate uh adequate but gosh you get into the cities and you might as well forget it um
Not only did Broder forget to mention Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff's contention that Steele had changed her story at least two times, but Broder also forgot to mention that--as Isikoff had reported a week and a half earlier--Steele had taken $7,000 from the National Enquirer after shifting to an anti-Willey posture. ...
no you can't forget how to ride a bike
A month later, the event already seems forgotten.
and forget about you know trying to plant grass and stuff underneath that
Forget Me Not , produced for Ansell Inc. by Rick Starbuck of Santa Barbara, Calif.
you know it's got a lot of different stuff on it and i mainly got it because you know like i say since i've gotten so out of shape and everything i forget and i'll do something
It would probably fulfill its function if those impelled to study it learn what it contains—then promptly forget it the day after the exam.
he would always go and uh i remember that and i'll never forget that you know
Alas, the alternative is to forget it.
forget it you know it's not it doesn't happen they're in a hurry their docket is full they want you in they want you out
Maureen Dowd takes note of a recent journalism trend: the tendency of the media "to forget about news and focus on themselves."
DECEPTIVE BENDS is open to any construction you care to put upon it (“Don't forget the diver, sir, don't forget the diver” as they used to say in ITMA all those years ago).
i forget how she got it but it was um it was the same kind of a deal i think she got it i think she was a psych major and she got it from the psych department
First, we cannot actually forget that we work for Microsoft.
um i you know i wanted to and i forget i really i kept seeing it advertised and i wanted to see that and i don't know we might not have been home or something excuse me and
(He drives fast, regularly runs out of gas, forgets appointments, has lots of answering machines he ignores: Simpson's idea of big-shot oddity is not very odd.)
right well nobody's gonna forget Tom Landry shoot come now i mean i'm not a
Forget when you were bullies.
uh with the husband being out at night and the wife hearing rustling at the door he forgot his key wham he's gone uh i i absolutely don't want one in my house for that reason
By the time they turn in for the night they have already forgotten Parry, the awkward young hiker who had wanted Joe to pray with him over Logan's shattered body: He has been relegated to an anecdote and dismissed.
i forget there's little uh nets you can use to catch fish to use as feeder fish and things like that minnow nets or something my father was taking those and trying to catch the goldfish and it was really funny because uh
And don't forget, the paper points out, about Kansas, where the counties, not the state, issue the license plates, meaning that any given sequence of letters and numbers could be shared by 105 vehicles.
but there's always a chance that you forget and have to justify it later
Forget Sister Wendy and her gloomy paintings; glass, shimmering and vacant, is the ideal TV art, a match for Riverdance and the tenors.
and sometimes he would just make a racket until you came and got him and one night we'd forgotten to put water out for him and and Hal and i were in bed and all of a sudden there was all this noise out to the side the house and and he'd pick up his dish and throw it in the air
What a curious sensation to have a cabaret girl stop her professional smiling and knee-patting, forget about passing scotch and veggies while carrying on in rudimentary English (“What is your hobby?”
i do that sometimes but i i forget a lot
"We figured they would have questioned him and let him go and eventually we forgot about it."
(You forgot to mention she was lip-syncing "Helter Skelter."
but yeah yeah because most time now you know it's just a weekend or just forget it yeah
And let's not forget the Tennessee Titans' improbable journey to the AFC finals.
um-hum it's really easy just to forget you know that you you charged that or charged that i try to keep all my receipts and keep them in someplace where i know that the bill's going to come but sometimes i forget and
Some parents of slain children complained about the day's "rah, rah, let's forget about the kids that died " tone.
and i i really i forgot to cut the article out i was mad at myself that i didn't because i wanted to follow up on it
Lest we forget, the “class” way to play hooky is hacer vaca , `to make a cow.
Can property lawyers forget on each ( O pen, N otorious, E xclusive, A ctual, C ontinuous, H ostile) when recalling the requisites for adverse possession (squatter's rights, to us not of the bar)?
but what you don't forget is the growing up it's really the period when people become adults
Forgive and Forget?
you know where the the cease fire i'm trying i forgot yeah you know because he
I guess we're so used to our freedoms here that we quickly forget their use.
yeah they had them on the news this lady her husband she was seven i'll never forget it because she was seven months pregnant and he hit her in the stomach and then tried to cut her throat
Never forget that Gersh Kuntzman is a hack of the highest tabloid order.
you know i've been at TI thirty two years and in my young single days i used to camp there a lot then i sort of forgot about it for twenty years and uh
The malady is similar to that of the clever little tune that becomes imbedded in the mind and demands to be hummed: the more one tries to forget, the stronger is the sense of impulsive and involuntary recall.
it it's one of those smells you forget but then when you step outside your mother's house you go oop yep somebody's burning pinon
7) Oops, forget my last paragraph under Point 5.
i think that i i forget what the law is in my state i mean my home state i'm from i'm from Maryland
we had him like for six years and one year i forgot to get his leukemia booster and he got it
1. "Sometimes, apparently, the Wall Street Journal forgets itself.
but uh i wanted to know exactly everything that happened you know a lot of times maybe i forget
(If one is too old, one must beware of lying “spontaneous and inexplicable recollection of youthful memories forgotten since long ago, above all involving elderly persons.”
and then uh there was another issue that came up i forget uh the horse racing
Forget about it.
but that's real dangerous when one is supposed to make a deposit and doesn't or or writes an extra couple of checks and either forgets to tell the other one about it or something you know so we finally switched to
the recipes are really interesting you know we're probably going to lose them we'll probably forget all about them you know since we're trying to make everything so simple here i am talk about trying to make everything easy you know
The issue here, one that occurs not infrequently in the case of foreign national criminal suspects, is that the cops forgot to tell the man about his right to talk to the Paraguayan consulate.
it was so good that i had forgotten that it was Christmas Eve i mean that's something for a kid
Too many modern artists have a penchant for leaning over backwards to tease critics, but forget all about I'homme moyen sensuel who, more often than not, likes his pictures in comics.
i'd noticed that in the in the TV Guide and i'd totally forgotten all about that
Your letter was so charming that Prudie almost forgot it was about a problem.
you know with with i don't buy the routine oh they're just sick or they were abused when they were little well well you know forget that
Forget about defeating Dr. Evil: Austin Powers represents the exuberant conquest of shame.
and fried itself on the radiator behind the dresser i'll never forget that because i remember my brother he came home and he counted the fish and one of the fish was missing and they couldn't find it anyplace they couldn't figure out what had happened and then they found it fried on the radiator behind
to do that so uh so on those we just we just forget about
He remembers that one must be daring as an artist, but has forgotten to what end."
they they uh i i forgot exactly where this was but
Denied re-election in 1900, he retired to his hometown of Caldwell, about 30 miles west of Boise, forgotten by most of his fellow Idahoans--but not by the aggrieved miners.
i know i forgot well maybe someone will call me again
I mean, forget about art.
and and go out and do stuff you know because she always likes to do things whenever the TV's off you know she'll forget about the TV completely
Didion's parables about anomie in post-Kennedy-era America have implied that once history is forgotten, identity dissolves and conspiracy--and the suspicion of it--is the only guide.
that big bus station i forget what you call it but anyway and everyone they had like fifteen people lined up on the fence and within two hours there were fifteen boys sitting there doing the same thing
It does not lead them to forget about distinctions among stocks.
uh you can see that uh Exxon and Amaco and uh other companies oh God i forgot their names but uh Exxon was the number one money maker and that was just because of of the last quarter
(Conclusion: Your kids know everything you have already forgotten about sex.)
they they volunteer to come back every year but they do die off during the winter i've forgotten what the term is for that
The publication of The Haldeman Diaries a month later, with its reminders of Nixon's scheming, sinister side, confirmed that Watergate would hardly be forgotten soon.
and uh i just couldn't understand that i forget whose who was batting and but uh
Many Americans who saw him on television every day thought they understood him, but they kept forgetting that he was an actor.
let's forget about the space program or whatever because we're always curious and we always need to know more things but um
Often, therapeutic legislation exploits the electorate's short attention span, its capacity to become suddenly obsessed with an issue and then--especially if provided with legislative catharsis--to forget it just as quickly.
and then i just i had the baby and then it was just like i forgot all about it and every once in a while i'll be digging through the closet and i'll find that thing and i'll think oh maybe i ought to get the rest of that out you know and finish it
As each man is shot, whether he drops backward or to the side he forgets us, his own name, this place, civilization like the kiss
yeah i see that's what i do too i forget and
because it's so much easier to watch the TV and keep at least ninety percent abreast and watching you know reading the newspaper and forget it
Don't forget another sneaky little matter that is much more prosaic than human imagination and the amalgamation of 6 billion people.
trying there's something i was going to tell you and i forgot just totally went out the window
Oprah is also one of the very few celebrities who hasn't forgotten where she came from.
see uh i i have forgotten a few calls but um
And don't forget to point out that "visiting" can certainly spice up the nighttime situation.
but this last time it was so involved that i just threw it all up and said forget it let's go see a CPA well
As long as I live, I won't forget the ending, where a black bellhop with flashing eyes and a big smile and an inappropriately loud, excitable voice takes it upon himself to fix up this kid's love life.
oh it started with The Bastard and then it when it came over to the United States and took us through the Revolutionary War and the Civil War i've forgotten what all of them were
Diggins forgets, in his discompassionate and deluded rewriting of history, that Lincoln was no NAACP poster boy himself.
If we want to get into evil empires and who supports them, conservatives have a great deal to answer for: South African apartheid and other anti-democratic regimes around the globe--and don't forget the genocidal Khmer Rouge, supported, not by Russia, but by the US govt!
i've always been a creature of comfort too if it's not comfortable forget it
They should recognize that new technology "lays bare throughout the world our most intimate and secret acts--sins which would be quickly forgotten if, for example, the internet didn't render them shameful, obscene and irremovable."
and then i'm gonna go on and just forget everything that i said or you know it doesn't seem that it's gonna make much of a difference
By the way, let's not forget that in a conventional bookstore, you can also--if you choose--acquire books in zero days, by "going to" the store in the pre-Internet sense of actually going there.
you're exactly right and and this the other teams failed to do Houston failed to do that they had Bum Phillips in there and a and a good running back i forget to uh i forget that fellow's name uh
of course it was it all books and things or was it anything say anything but newspapers i've forgotten what the question was exactly but uh what do you read i guess in general or
The discussion of cloning has forgotten the complexity of human nature and centered on the kind of loony sci-fi hysteria that embarrasses the relatively few of us left who have any scientific literacy.
not you know not to forget the cost of putting all of those kids in uh in in in non market uh enterprises
"We should not forget how important the link with the sole superpower still is both to Italy and to all of Europe," it said.
it's really the time yes you do get an education you do learn some things but you eventually forget most of it
I forget if it was Rose or Pauline--it was a deep well.
oh this was your husband wasn't it that's right i've forgotten that you told me that but i'd forgotten
but jazzercise is what it's it's so much fun that you forget you're exercising you know aerobics you don't forget
The longer abortion remains legal, the more people read about casual abortions, the more they forget how gory and repugnant abortion was when it was illegal.
Have we forgotten your preference?
Other defense mechanisms, such as repression and selective forgetting, may also take part.
A voice behind me says, "She so old she forgets to turn off her gas burners when she goes out."
The Eastern Catskills is a not particularly Jewish and now largely forgotten resort region that was once the height of chic, the Hamptons of the 19 th century, as well as home to the Hudson River School of painters.
He also knew what too many latter-day economists have forgotten: Macroeconomics is crucial to the public credibility of economics as a whole.
(Clinton also managed to forget the incredible elements in his own seven-year budget-balancing plan, as he touted it repeatedly during the debate.)
We few, we happy Jew--(whoops; Yon Wall Street Shylocks won't soon forget that slip), We band of brothers; (Uh, no, not you, Hank.
Then the student gets through the mechanical task of taking multiple-choice examinations or fill-in-the-blank quizzes, which are usually a waste of time because the words and its meaning are usually forgotten within a day or two.
Please forgive my digression--what else can one call it, except perhaps "maundering"--which has made me forget entirely what I had been about to tell you!
What Morris conveniently forgets is that at the time, he had wanted Clinton to compromise with Republicans on the budget.
' The forgotten animal in columbine is a dove, from Latin columba . The flower of the plant resembles a cluster of five doves.
Here Johnson confers on the Tories the distinction of being the true representatives of English politics and religion, although one should not forget that the Whigs, too, believed in the constitution of the state equally well and used the same rhetoric for their own publicity.
And don't forget the Bulworth reference: "My former client is now represented by.new counsel, and while I will remain a spirit, not a ghost, they must go forward and represent her as they know best how to do."
So forget about 13 percent argument.
People forget he was part of the Keating Five.
If viewers don't forget the first half, this sassy spot might actually cut through the New Jersey market, where it's notoriously difficult to convert viewers into engaged and interested voters.
I hope they only mean the handle part), apparently filed for a quickie divorce from her husband just 11 days after she was so busy that she forgot to tell him that she won $1.
And don't forget Mr. Reagan, of whom it could be said he wasn't really a president but played one on television.
Perhaps the book should also come with a do-it-yourself lobotomy kit to make sure any readers who come upon this passage have a way to permanently forget it.
That tone goes over better for chiding the guy who forgot to bring the beer to Sunday football.
And don't forget to involve yourself with a high-profile cause before you announce your candidacy--it'll really help your fund raising.
Hay poles as a term would never win a popularity contest with computer terminology, but lest we forget, they were poles used in pairs by two men, one out from with a pole in each hand, the other, holding the opposite ends, bringing up the rear, and carrying bales of hay cut by scythe from the hummocks of a bog.
But even as I was saying, "Help, save me from the dinosaur," I was simultaneously thinking: How am I going to wrap up that column today, the kicker I have stinks; should I roast a chicken for dinner or not because it's not worth it unless I go get the good chicken and that's at a butcher store 20 minutes away, and if waste 40 minutes going to a butcher store, how many of those red shelves will I be able to paint today; did I forget to give Zoe that permission slip she needed this morning; is my skin starting to look old; do I hear the dog throwing up a sock in the kitchen; maybe I should just end the piece by referring back to the lead, but then I always do that so ...
Did you forget to send me the e-mail about your buyout by Vanity Fair ? Is name recognition now the primary requirement for publication?
(Psst, Monica, don't forget that at one time, while she was trying to get the interview with you, Walters was also the best friend of your erstwhile attorney William Ginsberg.)
And don't forget the envelope!
Also in Newsweek , a commemoration of Jackie Robinson regrets that Americans have forgotten his non-sports legacy as a civil-rights leader and role model.
And don't forget orrinhatch.com.
While they're fighting, they forgot to notice the audience is at American Pie . So it turns out that no matter who is right, the calcium doubters or the calcium advocates, that shattering sound you will hear as the 21 st century progresses will be America's bones.
In the afternoon you might want to suck an Everton mint to tide you over until dinner, which could include: Dover sole with Leek puree; Turkey with the usual bits and pieces, including the dreaded Brussels sprouts; Spotted dick with custard and a variety of cheeses such as Scottish cheddar, Somerset brie, and Wensleydale from Wales, not forgetting the Bath Olivers.
Jews, he writes, "have pushed aside the image of the gangster: Forget.
People forget, or most never knew, that in its early years, fascism was a powerful intellectual movement.
There's the slightly tired riff about deadbeat dads: Lily's ex-husband promises to show up at their daughter's soccer game, but forgets about it until Lily angrily reminds him.
People tend to forget that under the old rules, states got to set the key parameter--the benefit level.
Her sin: She was forgetting that he had pointed out Buckley's house to her the year before.
 Almost forgot
(For readers who have never seen a cartoon and don't know how a caption works, the editors explain that "Mom, Dad forgot the pizza!"
As a precautionary measure I consulted the menu, and there my eye fell on the vermicelles . I explained to my companions that this must be pasta, a kind of Continental macaroni (in those days macaroni was about the only kind of pasta you ever saw in England, if we mercifully forget the incredible invention of spaghetti on toast).
Three years ago Clinton himself proposed basically the same package of reforms for Medicare--a fact everyone seems to have forgotten since it was embedded in his massive, ill-fated Health Security Act.
