Such models may include the "waterfall" model, rapid prototyping, or evolutionary development.
Finally, the application of the rapid test in the programme will be determined by cost effective analysis.
During early porcine development a rapid morphological transformation of the conceptus from a spherical (9-10 mm) to filamentous (> 150 mm) morphology is required to establish adequate placenta to uterine contact necessary for survival [ 2 ] . Characterization of the specific subset of genes regulating peri-implantation conceptus development and trophoblastic elongation in the pig provides valuable information concerning key developmental events essential to embryonic survival after trophoblastic elongation [ 1 ] .
Furthermore, many of the RNAs with unstable mRNAs lacked the ARE consensus motif, suggesting that other cis -elements may be responsible for their rapid degradation.
In this brand-new digital economy we're supposedly inhabiting, competitive advantage can be eroded in an instant, and large companies with lots of fixed assets are doomed to being overrun by quick-moving startups who can adapt better to a world of rapid technological innovation.
The kinetics of the specific rolling circle reaction were sufficiently rapid so that non-specific amplification was greatly reduced or eliminated.
Indeed, this would explain the rapid rise in the number of publications in Latin America compared with the relatively flat increases in the United States and Canada, which were publishing just as well at the beginning of the decade.
This led to the association of rapid acceleration with “gunning,” and to give it the gun was soon extended to automobiles, speedboats, and objects and matters nonmechanical.
Exogenous bovine testicular hyaluronidase PH-20 stimulates rapid activation of c-Jun N -terminal kinases (JNK1 and JNK2) in L929 cells [ 16 ] . In contrast, the stably expressed Hyal-1 and Hyal-2 could not mediate constitutive activation of JNK1 and JNK2 in L929 cells (data not shown).
ifkA null cells aggregated earlier than normal due to a more rapid establishment of the cAMP pulsing system.
A more rapid cellular accumulation of gamma-tocopherol (compared to alpha-tocopherol) would also have major physiological consequences.
With the advent of a standardized court vernacular, a cadre of scribes trained to use it, a kingdomwide reliance on the legal and other documents the scribes produced, and the military might to back up such reliance--under these circumstances, the spread of the king's English and the king's French was rapid.
Thus, the rapid degradation of these mRNAs allows their levels to rapidly drop when transcriptional activation is terminated.
Information for action or for long-term planning was available because mandatory reporting to the SES within 12-24 hours of diagnosis for most conditions under surveillance allowed rapid implementation of control and prevention measures.
The number of federal grantsinaid rose sharply and the rapid growth in federally assisted programs placed enormous administrative control burdens on government at all levels.
But in Tokyo, Asahi Shimbun dwelt on the human cost of this, reporting a rapid rise in the number of Japanese businessmen diagnosed as psychotic depressives.
Careful histological analysis includes mapping, bisectioning, and rapid staining in the frozen tissue laboratory.
A 2001 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicted that the Antarctic Peninsula will experience some of the largest, most rapid climate changes on earth.
a network of rapid transit systems you know just from say outlying districts of downtown especially California where the i saw a program on uh PBS last night they're saying the average
The above findings that FR plants with the greater plant water uptake have significantly lower foliage water content than FS plants could reflect more rapid loss of foliage water by FR plants, or limiting soil water available to FR due to its rapid rate of plant water uptake.
A system developed through rapid prototyping, for example, should be evaluated with a model that takes prototyping into account.
The population on the peak is deformed by the rapid accumulation of mutations and diuses away from the peak into the lowlands of poor fitness.
The RAPD technique [ 9 10 ] , provides a convenient and rapid assessment of the differences in the genetic composition of the related individuals and has been employed in a large number of plants for the determination and assessment of genetic diversity.
In Europe people had time to contemplate the area before settling on an appropriate name; in the United States, where settlement was more rapid, names often had to be chosen without delay.
Here, we examine the induction of MAdCAM-1 by TNF-α, and evaluated whether endogenous nitric oxide (from eNOS and iNOS), or exogenous NO (from rapid or slow-releasing NO donors) affect the expression of MadCAM-1.
Seedlings are undergoing dramatic and rapid vacuole biogenesis to allow for rapid growth at this stage of development and therefore would be expected to require a higher level of subunit A expression than other more terminally differentiated organs.
While there are "very high public expectations of rapid breakthroughs," it is clear that "all will not be easy and wonderful.
Dionisio, rubusto in his piel de canela, rubbed his penis against him, kissing deep as he could, and S masturbated himself to orgasm, feeling embarrassed at how long it took and how his descending balls were thrown around by the rapid and almost-painful flying grip.
It has been suggested that rapid clearance of mononuclear cells after IL-2 administration is due to increased permeability of vascular endothelium [ 4], facilitating cell migration into extravascular spaces including tumor sites [ 3].
The present study showed a rapid decrease in exclusive breastfeeding rates in Bolivian infants during the first months of life.
Of the 13 patients who did not achieve CR, 1 received salvage chemotherapy, 2 received allogeneic BMT, and 10 died due to rapid disease progression.
As shown in Figure 3, the response of CaT1 mRNA to 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D is rapid (n = 6 studies).
i i wasn't really aware of it's being you know terribly uh you know rapid at the time that that i was down there i think that really kind of developed a little bit later on
Monuments to money!Money and immortality!Money and immortality and blistering heat!Twenty-nine floors below diminished figures scuttle!Descending twenty-nine floors rapid as a fibrillating heart you can join them!You are choking in bus exhaust the blackest in the U.S.A.!You are invisible amid the pedestrians of color!On Commerce!
Because of the high cost of full life-cycle fish toxicity tests and the emerging consensus that the ELS test data usually would be adequate for estimating chronically safe concentrations, there was a rapid shift by aquatic toxicologists to 30- to 90-day ELS toxicity tests for estimating chronically safe concentrations in the late 1970s.
Our faculty and students need support to be able to keep up with rapid advancements in oral health care and the use of technology for many procedures.
Rapid response will become more rapid than ever, with several volleys being fired in the course of what used to be a campaign day.
Still, despite all this rapid growth, incessant change, and unsettling population turnover, there certainly is a core city, and there certainly are long-time residents, many who proudly call themselves natives.
Once demand variation for each SKU was determined for our men’s coat manufacturer, its managers faced the question of how to manage the inventory of the items in its rapid replenishment collection while maintaining a smooth flow of products through the sewing room.
Across the English Channel, the influential Le Monde said that nothing seemed able to stop "the financial torment of Asia," which was now poised to claim China as its next victim unless there was a "rapid and collective reaction" by the international community.
A number of studies provide evidence that the luteolytic process may involve a rapid and sustained increase in ROS [ 58 59 ] . Other studies demonstrate that luteal regression is associated with a dramatic decrease in the mRNAs encoding enzymes responsible for regulating the intracellular redox state [ 60 ] . Death induced by TNFα is also reportedly mediated by an increase in ROS, an event correlated with a marked decrease in the vital intracellular ROS scavenger GSH.
television's commercials in particular uh progress is gonna be rather rapid but shaping role models is gonna be a problem
After that philistine period of rapid growth, the city at last began to assume its place as Germany’s cultural as well as political capital, with Berlin artists Max Liebermann, Lovis Corinth, and Max Slevogt challenging Munich’s dominance of German painting.
Thus, the timescale of decoherence is almost the same as the rapid molecular motions in cells.
And the LAT 's lead editorial calls for bringing the trial to a rapid end.
Further of the eight subjects with P. falciparum infection not detected by rapid test, not all had low parasitaemia: five had parasite densities between 60-318/μl, but the three others had densities between 600-1000/μl.
well it is i know that i i heard another conversation regarding AIDS the fact that that you know cancer is not receiving this and yet is is cancer growing at such a rapid rate
During World War II, the rapid advance of the German forces through mainland Greece in 1941 forced the Allies to retreat to Crete.
In addition, of course, rapid reproduction requires finite displacement from equilibrium.
make it impossible to conclusively attribute my feeling better to the more rapid and effective hydration I was receiving from the sports drinks.
Likewise, the walls of the arterial secondary branches are thicker compared to tertiary branches, consistent with the notion that a gradient of wall thickness is necessary for adjustments of the arterial network to rapid reduction of the blood pressure.
He also remained definitively non-committal on the question of where, exactly, we are on the curve of that technological change, keeping open the possibility that there may still be many years ahead of rapid economic growth propelled by rapid improvements in productivity.
Rapid-scanning visible spectra of 25 μM wild-type L1 with 5 μM nitrocefin demonstrated a decrease in absorbance at 390 nm, an increase at 485 nm, and a rapid increase and slower decrease in absorbance at 665 nm.
As shown in the cases studied in Chapter 7, production-cycle time and inventory carrying costs are two crucial parameters in making rapid replenishment sourcing decisions.
it's going to be more rapid i guess
But the erosion of Soviet economic life in the last 10 years of its existence as a nation was much more serious, rapid, and destructive than anything that had come before.
So if Japan can somehow persuade its consumers and business investors to start spending again, there is room for several years of rapid growth--even if the "structural" problems remain unsolved.
In this case, the "chainsaw" is Al Dunlap, CEO of Sunbeam and the corporate executive who has become legendary for his rapid restructuring of companies seemingly plagued by slow sales, high overhead, and a lagging stock price.
In addition, what Landsburg didn't say is that no society in human history has ever sustained very rapid economic growth for 100 years.
He also remained definitively non-committal on the question of where, exactly, we are on the curve of that technological change, keeping open the possibility that there may still be many years ahead of rapid economic growth propelled by rapid improvements in productivity.
The chief economist of the World Bank's East Asian desk authored a 1993 book downplaying the presence of industrial policy in the region, while a concluded that "rapid growth in each economy was primarily due to the application of a set of common, market-friendly economic policies."
But Esperanto is lingua incognita to the native speaker of Arabic, Chinese, Japanese, or any other non-Indo-European language, notwithstanding its somewhat simplified structure, which aids in its rapid assimilation.
But a previous rapid decline has stopped: Reported adult drug use fell by half during the 1980s, from a high of nearly 25 million users in 1979.
The rapid increase in attention-deficit disorder is a striking example of diagnosis creep.
"Oh, my God, Monica, you turn me on more than any woman I've ever known," he exclaimed in between rapid pants of excitement.
This rapid blanket approval of irradiation by the establishment naturally stirred my suspicions.
Foreign investors cheer party boss Jiang Zemin's slow moves toward capitalism, but China's looming bank crisis requires far more rapid reform.
rapid sled ride in 1949.
The advent of Linux; the continued penetration of Java; the merger between AOL and Netscape; and the rapid growth in PDAs and non-desktop applications: All of these are phenomena that don't fit into the picture of a computing world in which domination of the PC operating system translates into domination elsewhere.
In India, the Hindu of Madras carried an editorial Wednesday about the rapid growth of crime in cyberspace.
These are endless new treats for the shoe fetishist who seems to lurk in every modern soul, by turns obsessed with rapid mobility and paralyzed victimhood, high prowess and low violence.
The scope of global "contagion"--the rapid spread of the crisis to countries with no real economic links to the original victim--convinced me that IMF critics such as Jeffrey Sachs were right in insisting that this was less a matter of economic fundamentals than it was a case of self-fulfilling prophecy, of market panic that, by causing a collapse of the real economy, ends up validating itself.
One of the interesting phenomena in Serbian slang is the rapid influx of English.
But the accession of factual information from the recesses of the memory is not the same as answering questions that require rapid mental calculation or analysis.
Ales, on the other hand, tend to experience warm, rapid fermentations.
" 'It is their rapid rise here, of course, that makes this careless effort at a cookbook so regrettable,' " the obit quotes the 1998 Times piece.
And manufactured exports, initially based on low wages, are the only route we know for rapid economic development.
In those days, although the rapid economic growth of a handful of small Asian nations had started to attract attention, developing countries like Indonesia or Bangladesh were still mainly what they had always been: exporters of raw materials, importers of manufactures.
Last year, the private sector generated 70 percent of the country's gross domestic product . Some question the therapeutic value of this policy of rapid privatization, but none dispute the shock.
But along with these rewards come risks in such a rapid exchange, something both the "reviewers" and readers need to keep in mind.
The year is 1837--that of Victoria's accession--but we get a sense not of empire or of politely crumpeting tearooms but of decay and disease, of the more-Dickensian-than-Dickens underside of rapid industrialization and urban growth.
The Financial Times said that "what the US needs above all, and what it is probably not going to get, is a rapid resolution to this unhappy affair."
But according to believers in a "new economy," those constraints were a thing of the past: Because of rapid productivity growth--much faster than the official statistics indicated--and globalization, rapid growth would no longer lead to inflation.
Rapid response will become more rapid than ever, with several volleys being fired in the course of what used to be a campaign day.
However, IL-2 (6,000 lU/ml) stimulation of lepirudin-treated (Aventis Pharmaceuticals, Kansas City, MO) fresh blood did not alter mononuclear cell number (data not shown), suggesting a limited role for lymphocyte apoptosis as the cause of their rapid clearance from the circulation.
The sparrow does not itself have an imitative name, although it was formerly nicknamed Philip , for its rapid twittering and chirping notes.
The first phase reflects the activation of a CaNSC and a large and rapid increase in [Ca 2+] i . After a short lag, the activation of COP allowed uptake of vital dyes into the cell and the lag was independent of dye molecular weight.
However, because of the rapid development of microarray technology, the latter is not likely and we expect a researcher will have to do his or her own pilot study.
Phone freaks sometimes dial by rapid jiggling (jiggling) of the hook switch, which is the same action as far as the telephone exchange (central office) equipment (switch) is concerned, but I'm getting too old and can't do this fast enough any more.
Because the lead compound targeting PP5 (ISIS 15534) acts via RNAase H mediated degradation, studies with ISIS 15534 do not allow us to assess how rapid changes in PP5 activity affect cellular functions (Northern analysis indicate that it takes ~ 6 for the mRNA degradation to occur and, due to the half-life of the preexisting protein, it takes ~ 24 hours for the protein levels to fall [ 24].
And even in the months leading up to the Crash of 1929, or during the rapid rise of the Nikkei in the 1980s, corporate performance seemed to matter less and less.
By using a large amount of cDNA alignment data and a tool facilitating the rapid visual inspection of evidence for each gene model, we were able to significantly improve the quality of Drosophila gene annotations.
But according to believers in a "new economy," those constraints were a thing of the past: Because of rapid productivity growth--much faster than the official statistics indicated--and globalization, rapid growth would no longer lead to inflation.
Hours before, Netanyahu had given a speech insisting that Israel would not halt the rapid construction of a controversial housing project in East Jerusalem or make further concessions to halt terrorism.
In a second phase, we used polymerase chain reaction and 5' and 3' rapid amplification of cDNA ends (RACE) experiments to obtain experimental proof for our cDNA predictions and to determine murine TMC sequence that was only ambiguously predicted.
A NATO rapid response team to rescue international monitors in Kosovo could be ready by early December.
4 mM) [ 39 ] , rapid and complete dissolution of domoic acid was only consistently observed in our laboratory when preparing a stock domoic acid solution of 12.
He is also largely responsible for moving the Clinton campaign beyond mere "rapid response" to pre-emptive strikes--engineering, for instance, Clinton's endorsement by the Fraternal Order of Police on the day Bob Dole was set to launch a major attack on the president's crime record.
It is extremely rapid, and the entries are printed out fully styled typographically.
Rapid store expansion and "a zeal for perfectionism"--a single air bubble in a pizza's cheese renders the pie substandard.
If they start looking a bit hoary, we discard them on the grounds that there are always new ones appearing, and, these days, language changes are so rapid that a usage might have become standard by the time a five-year interval has passed.
Stimulation of the immune system might also contribute to reducing the effects of snakebites and improvement in recovery from envemomization by contributing to a more rapid removal of the venom [ 11 ] . Chlorogenic acid acts as an antidote by binding to proteins through hydrophobic interactions and hydrogen bonds [ 41 ] . It presents anticomplementary action at the classical pathway [ 41 ] . Analgesic properties like those provided by tropane alkaloids would also lessen the pain of the bite, as would compounds that act as sedatives and tranquilisers [ 40 ] .
And you also get a lot of rapid reaction to things like Alan Greenspan speeches or employment-cost-index numbers.
An important corollary of these surprising findings is a rapid divergence of the MJ1477 family from CysRS, such that all the catalytic and otherwise functionally important residues characteristic of this enzyme, and also present in other class I aaRSs, have changed.
Thus, the ability of MTX to cause zeiosis is specific, but requires the presence of U73343, presumably to block or prevent rapid oncotic cell death.
Comparative genomics and more specialized fields such as comparative virology, etc., involve the comparison of DNA sequences, genes and genomes [ 12 13 14 ] . Recent rapid data acquisition is allowing the analyses of whole genome sequences, especially the smaller genomes such as mitochondria and chloroplasts [ 15 16 17 ] , as well as the larger bacterial genomes [ 18 19 ] and large tracts of eukaryotic chromosomes, especially from related organisms [ 12 13 14 20 21 22 23 ] . These studies include the determination of the order of genes, i.e., co-linearity [ 24 25 ] , the location of synteny [ 26 27 28 ] and the identification of clusters of orthologous genes [cog] between two genomes [ 21 22 23 ] . Along similar lines of thought, it should be extremely useful to locate, identify and catalog the sets of "core" genes common to these genomes-genomes which otherwise may be related or semi-related or unrelated in other respects.
We detect no increase in eIF2α phosphorylation within this time frame, indicating that enhanced eIF2α phosphorylation is not the mechanism used to bring about the rapid, initial decrease in the initiation of protein synthesis.
The inability to isolate cells stably expressing sα i2 can be attributed to its rapid degradation.
First, each of these lines has adapted to growth in a serially diluted, or seasonal, environment of glucose-limited minimal media [ 19 20 21 22 ] . The dynamics of adaptation are well known: after a period of rapid adaptation during the first 1,000 generations, the rate of improvement has subsequently slowed to almost one-thirtieth of the initial rate [ 20 27 ] . Moreover, relatively few mutations generated this early, rapid adaptation [ 19 20 24 ] . Thus, these populations have experienced two types of dynamics: one of rapid adaptation followed by one of much slower improvement.
The effects of endotoxin administration on these responses were rapid, occurring within 0.5 hours.
Treatment with pon A leads to a rapid increase in the intensity of the fastest migrating band, which corresponds to the 4EBP-1-5A mutated form of the protein which cannot be phosphorylated.
Following the 1998 bombings of embassies in Africa, legislation requiring rapid and extensive upgrade of embassy security features worldwide was enacted which could require several billion dollars to execute.
As expression level becomes higher (when the target gene of a probe set is detected in more arrays), the AD method shows a rapid improvement in performance, approaching the level of the MBEI method.
It appears that there has been rapid deterioration of TrpEa, but not of TrpEb.
If CGH data are not available for a particular cancer type, but gene-expression profiling data are, then CGMA could allow rapid prediction of the cytogenetic abnormalities that frequently occur within that cancer type.
Under such conditions, the more likely result would be a rise in the rate of interest and a more rapid increase in federal interest payments than our simulations display.
Spatiotemporal patterns of BMP-5 expression at the mRNA level, as assessed by RT-PCR, and the protein level, as determined by immunocytochemistry correspond to periods of initial dendritic growth and rapid expansion of the dendritic arbor.
These observations accurately reflect the known expression pattern of rod-specific genes [ 15 ] . Examining the temporal dataset for genes that are known to be selectively expressed in retinal progenitor cells (Figure 3), we found that high expression persisted until P2, followed by a rapid drop, with expression barely detectable in the adult.
Nonetheless, 10% of the genes in the long half-life category (>8 hours) contained AREs, demonstrating that the ARE motif is not completely predictive of rapid mRNA turnover.
A plethora of computational methods has been developed to find over-represented sequences in a subset of genes believed to contain a common transcription factor binding site (reviewed in [ 11 ] ). The rapid pace of genome sequencing has enabled a complementary approach - phylogenetic footprinting (reviewed in [ 12 13 ] ) - which recognizes that the conservation of sequences across related organisms often reflects evolutionary selection for their presence in TCRs.
The rapid cessation of mitosis and the expression of apoptosis in the GC is the sinequanone of follicle atresia.
HGT has become a widely accepted mechanism of rapid evolution and diversification in prokaryotic populations [ 5 6 7 ] . Recent genome analyses of primitive eukaryotes, such as the sea squirt ( Ciona intestinalis ) [ 8 ] and single-celled parasitic diplomonads [ 9 ] , implicate HGT events in early eukaryotic evolution.
Although the initial rise in TTP in vivo paralleled a rapid and considerable increase in plasma TNF, the second, late increases in intracellular TTP did not reflect TNF levels.
2 ml into the bladder the distal, cut end of the pelvic nerve was stimulated with a long train (5 Hz; 1 msec pulse width; 60 sec train; 30-300 (uamps) to elicit a prolonged contraction displaying two phases: Phase I, a rapid contraction and Phase II, a plateau phase [ 20 21 ] . Phase I is resistant to atropine, and therefore is mostly due to non-adrenergic, non-cholinergic activation, whereas Phase II is highly sensitive to muscarinic blockade [ 21 ] . Olanzapine (n = 4) and risperidone (n = 4) were administered (0.
Advantages of UHCT includes rapid scan time, avoidance of contrast related hazards, cost effectiveness, high accuracy, and its ability to suggest an alternative diagnosis for flank pain.
The A326S mutation of α i1 and A366S mutation of α s (cognate to the α i2 A327S used in this study) were shown to cause greatly decreased affinity for GDP [ 9 10 ] . Defective binding of GDP leads to more Gα in the empty state (no bound guanine-nucleotide), and this form of Gα is rapidly denatured in vitro , as shown for α s A366S and α i1 A326S [ 9 10 ] . Moreover, α s A366S was demonstrated to undergo rapid degradation (t 1/2 < 1 h) in stably transfected cells [ 9 ] . The same mutation in α t has also been shown to greatly decrease guanine-nucleotide binding [ 5 22 ] . Additional amino acids in the critical β6-α5 loop are important for maintaining Gα integrity [ 7 ] .
However, the existence of a statistically supported alternative topology, with a sister-group relationship between Euryarchaeota and Crenarchaeota allows for the possibility that the apparent paraphyly of Euryarchaea is an artifact caused by rapid evolution in some Euryarchaeal lineages, such as Halobacterium and Thermoplasma.
These limitations are especially prominent in the small and rapid beating mouse heart.
The reaction of F158A with nitrocefin was so rapid, we could not determine a K S value for this mutant.
The performance of rapid test vs thick smears are shown in Table 3. A good agreement was found indicating high sensitivity of 91% which is significantly higher than that of spleen (P < 0.0001).
The fact that a small proportion of children (6%) without P. falciparum parasites in thick smears were demonstrated to have detectable HRP-2 antigen does not reduce the value of the rapid test.
The large difference between the SD and LD groups in peripubertal males was caused by the rapid rate at which testes of the LD group were growing compared to a slow rate of growth in the SD group.
Expression microarrays provide a vehicle for exploring the gene expression in a manner that is rapid, sensitive, systematic and comprehensive [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Thousands of genes can now be studied simultaneously without the need of an a priori candidate gene list.
For many labile mRNAs, adenylate uridylate-rich elements (AREs) are required for their rapid degradation.
Fourth, the microchip CD4 assay is extremely rapid.
Stimulation of the cells with TGFβ led to a rapid increase in nuclear Smad3 protein within 15 minutes and this level remained constant for 2 hours.
Identification of biomarkers that provide rapid and accessible readouts of drug exposure, activity, toxicity or efficacy is becoming increasingly important in the clinical development of novel molecularly targeted therapeutics.
Pairs of images of Bex1 and Vex1 GFPs were recorded in rapid succession (<500 ms) by switching bandpass excitation filters between 479-501 nm and 398-413 nm using a Lambda 10-2 filter wheel controller (Sutter Instrument Co.).
In the present work, we demonstrate that δ-opioid receptor undergo rapid agonist-induced endocytosis in the CNS.
Many of the patients were unlikely to have achieved rapid improvement of their symptoms without use of hypnosis.
Incubation with combined PN-1 and uPA resulted in rapid coagulation as in control.
The rapid growth of autistic brains may produce too many connections too quickly, without the opportunity to be shaped by the experience and input that a typically developing child accumulates over many years.
Uptake of thiamine and ThDP by mitochondria was determined by a rapid filtration procedure [ 26 28 ] . Incubations were performed at 37°C by rapidly mixing 30 μl of mitochondrial suspension (ca.
Its relative virulence and potential for person-to-person transmission distinguishes Mycobacterium tuberculosis . Persons infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) are particularly susceptible to tuberculosis, either by the reactivation of latent infection or by a primary infection with rapid progression to active disease [ 1 2 3 4 ] . The annual incidence rate of tuberculosis in Colombia during 1998 was 19.
The assay was terminated by rapid filtration through Whatman GF/B filters followed by three washes, with ice-cold buffer.
The technology allows the rapid and accurate determination of the presence of stone in the urinary tract.
The time course of inhibition by glutamate and 10 μM norepinephrine (NE), acting through endogenous α 2 adrenergic receptors [ 41 ] , in this cell (figure 1B) illustrates that inhibition was rapid and reversible.
Expression profiling from HIV-1 or Tat expressing cells holds great promise for rapid functional analysis.
So, is it possible for curation and text mining to work together for rapid retrieval and analysis of facts with precise postprocessing and standardisation of the extracted information?
Excessive antimalarial drug use is costly, propels the emergence of drug resistant parasites, speeds the obsolescence of affordable drugs and retards malaria control [ 6 ] . Prompt diagnosis and effective treatment of malaria improves prognosis [ 2 ] . In the absence of diagnostic microscopy in resource poor, remote villages of tribal forested belt of central India, the detection of P. falciparum histidine rich protein 2 (Pf HRP-2) in a blood specimen is one method by which expeditious diagnosis of falciparum malaria can be made on the spot [ 7 8 ] . Recently introduced rapid malaria test, Determine™ malaria pf (Abbott Laboratories, Japan) have been evaluated for its effectiveness in detecting P. falciparum malaria in Philippines [ 9 ] and in central India [ 10 ] .
In sum, the availability of tetraploid aggregation-competent ES cells that support targeting of transgenes to the hprt locus should facilitate the rapid analysis of transcriptional regulatory elements in vivo as well as the phenotypic characterization of alleles that are incompatible with normal development.
It is possible that the more rapid sexual maturation of black girls [ 9 15 30 31 ] may, in part, account for the high prevalence of obesity among black women [ 22 ] . Although we observed only a small difference in the proportion of black (30%) and white (25%) who underwent menarche before age 12 y, most women in the current study experienced menarche before 1980.
Treatment of rats with endotoxin resulted in a rapid induction of Mcl-1, which peaked between 2 and 12 hours.
Duplicate gene evolution has most likely played a substantial role in both the rapid changes in organismal complexity apparent in deep evolutionary splits and the diversification of more closely related species.
2 Ga) suggests that the innovation of oxygenic photosynthesis had a relatively rapid impact on the environment as it set the stage for further evolution of the eukaryotic cell.
Positive results on the rapid test, which can not be verified microscopically have been suggested to be due to circulating P. falciparum HRP-2 antigen following treatment [ 20 ] or from sequestered parasites [ 21 ] .
We therefore propose that most of the unclassified transcriptional units are in fact coding - the lack of protein homology may reflect difficulty in studying these proteins, or rapid gene evolution, and some portion is likely to function at the RNA level [ 33].
1b) associated with rapid loss of cytoplasmic membrane (Fig.
With the exception of high concentration of ionophore A23187, rapid stimulation of HUVEC with various agonists did not result in a release of annexin V-binding microparticles
Step 2 is rapid and straightforward because Cre-mediated recombination is extremely efficient.
This field study appraised the performance of the rapid diagnostic test in assessing the impact of antimalarial intervention measures in villages of two adjacent Primary Health Centre's of district Mandla, central India.
1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D causes a rapid and marked up regulation of CaT1 expression
The rapid development of bioinformatic databases is resulting in extensive information about the molecular composition and function of several single cellular organisms.
Evidence that these MSCs are pluripotent, rather than being a mixture of committed progenitor cells each with a restricted potential, includes their rapid proliferation in culture, a characteristic morphology, the presence of typical marker proteins, and their consistent differentiation into various mesenchymal lineages.
Because of rapid changes in the use of tacrolimus during the study period, as indicated above, conclusions should be limited.
The authors concluded that the 'coupling rate' is a prominent marker of physiological relaxation and regeneration after work load [ 2 ] . In recent years, cardiorespiratory coordination has again been brought into the focus of research [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 ] . The popularity has been mainly caused by the rise of nonlinear system or chaos theory and by the rapid progress of computerized physics and mathematics.
This enabled rapid visualization of large-scale discrepancies, such as collapses or inversions, between the WGS and the phrap assemblies.
Ovulation was accompanied by a rapid decrease in the levels of BMPR-II mRNA.
The LEF-dependent luciferase assay in S2 cells is versatile, dynamic, rapid and can provide important clues about interactions important for Wnt signaling.
First, each of these lines has adapted to growth in a serially diluted, or seasonal, environment of glucose-limited minimal media [ 19 20 21 22 ] . The dynamics of adaptation are well known: after a period of rapid adaptation during the first 1,000 generations, the rate of improvement has subsequently slowed to almost one-thirtieth of the initial rate [ 20 27 ] . Moreover, relatively few mutations generated this early, rapid adaptation [ 19 20 24 ] . Thus, these populations have experienced two types of dynamics: one of rapid adaptation followed by one of much slower improvement.
Strikingly, upon treatment with 4-HT, WT Btk:ER induced a rapid calcium mobilization that was at a low level but sustained (Fig 2C).
Previous authors preferred to use 1% Triton X-100, a relatively high concentration of detergent, because it is critical for rapid solubilization of the cell membrane and cessation of cell activity.
A number of in vitro model systems have thus been developed to study EC activation that employs either one or more combinations of ECM molecules including fibrin, fibronectin, collagens, laminins, and Matrigel ®matrices together with PMA and FGF [ 7 8 9 ] . When placed in a 3D type I collagen matrix and stimulated with PMA, VEGF, or bFGF, ECs undergo rapid morphological changes and differentiate into capillary-like tubular networks.
Optimization of T m parameters, and sequence allows rapid design of OCPs with a high degree of success.
In previous work we have provided an Attention Network Test (ANT) for measuring the efficiency of the alerting, orienting and conflict networks [ 31 ] . The advantage of this measure over other neuropsychological measures of attention is that it provides a rapid measure of the efficiency of each of the attention networks which have been linked to a specific anatomy and specific chemical modulators.
Without rapid improvements a few subjects lost motivation and adhered less to the diet, while others saw positive results within a couple of weeks, thus encouraging them to continue faithfully.
Co-expression of Rlk and Fyn also led to a rapid disappearance of Rlk from the detergent soluble fraction as measured by pulse-chase analysis (Fig.
Female rabbit ventricular myocytes had a significantly slower rapid component of the delayed rectifier than did male cells, which might contribute to the gender difference in the QT interval [ 12 ] . In fact, most drugs that prolong the QTc interval have been shown to block cardiac potassium channels, especially the rapid component of the delayed rectifier [ 21 22 ] .
However, once the intron containing allele is fixed in the population, the endonuclease, which itself had been the reason for the rapid spread of the intron in the population, is no longer under selection, the endonuclease becomes non-functional and is lost, resulting in an intron without homing endonuclease activity.
However, the development of DNA microarray technology, which allows rapid interrogation of thousands of genes and the detection of gene expression at frequencies even less than 1 in 100,000, has now greatly facilitated such experimentation [ 32 33 ] . This communication represents our initial efforts to use DNA microarrays in a reductionist approach to begin to identify the genes expressed as a consequence of triggering each individual ligand during lymphocyte activation.
This alanine to serine mutation in the C-terminal region of α i1 (A326S) and α s (A366S) has been shown to greatly accelerate GDP release, to accelerate irreversible inactivation in vitro , and to cause rapid turnover of the α subunit in cultured cells [ 9 10 ] . Thus, if the observed intracellular localization of sα i2 is caused by instability of the protein due to disruptions at its C-terminus, then it follows that α i2 A327S should show a similar pattern of localization.
More recently, in vitro studies carried out on δ-opioid receptors, showed that following a rapid internalization in response to an agonist stimulation, the endocytosed receptors were recycled back to the plasma membrane ( 33).
The popularity of the ecdysone-inducible gene switch led to the unexpected rapid depletion of murA stocks, the primary inducer used in the system.
The field of genomics has been expanding at a rapid pace since the annotated Escherichia coli K-12 genome was published in 1997 [ 1], with the current number of published genomes exceeding 66 and with another 364 on their way according to the Genomes OnLine Database (GOLD) [ 2].
Membrane function is altered in a variety of clinical conditions and the phase angle may provide a rapid, non-invasive means of monitoring the effect of therapies aimed at improving the health of individuals in whom cell membrane function may be deranged.
For rapid screening, DNAs from the clones had been pooled into 48 superpools, each representing eight 384-well plates that were pooled into eight plate pools, 16 row pools, and 24 column pools.
Though BDM has a relatively high effective concentration (in the millimolar range), it was widely adopted by the cell biology community because of its rapid and reversible effect on cell behaviour.
With rapid advances in technology and the ease with which people, enterprises, and goods can cross borders, the economies and activities of nations have become increasingly interdependent.
Unexplained false negative results on the rapid test have been reported in many studies [ 22 23 ] and rarely even with very high parasitaemia [ 24 25 ] .
Four rapid injections at each volume were used for total DNA delivery of 20 μl /20 μg plasmid DNA, 24 μl/24 μg plasmid DNA, and 28 μl/28 μg plasmid DNA.
Several recent changes in information technology make rapid adoption of IT in healthcare especially attractive.
Each of these is a "zone of rapid change" where both cancer morbidity and OPR change dramatically over a relatively short distance.
In studies of untreated infection, there is only a 5-fold difference in viremia separating the quartile with the slowest disease progression from the quartile with the most rapid progression [63], suggesting that small differences in steady-state viremia may influence clinical outcome.
Induction of acute endotoxemia caused a rapid (within 0.5 hours) and persistent increase in expression of both proteins.
Genomic DNA was isolated from planaria using a rapid extraction method [ 27 ] . DNA was further treated with RNase A for RNA degradation.
The availability of laboratory tests for accurate and rapid identification of septic patients by isolation of micro-organisms from body fluid specimens would be of considerable value.
The terms currently used to define the endpoints employed in the rapid, chronic and sub-chronic toxicity tests have been derived from the terms previously used for full life-cycle tests.
Its high rate of return combined with its increasing share of total investment meant that information technology has been a major contributor to the rapid economic growth since 1995.
We can only point to another recent report by Bhalla et al, [ 26 ] which found that "de novo" post-transplant diabetes mellitus (confirmed by renal biopsy) was much more common and much more rapid in onset than previously suspected, and could not be explained by usual clinical predictors, which is quite similar to our findings.
The cost effectiveness advantage of rapid test in the long term is the reduction of mistreatment in terms of drugs, costs, toxicity and development of resistance [ 34 ] . An important advantage of the availability of the rapid test that it does not depend on just one person but can be performed by all staff members of the health clinic.
Specifically, it made a "level 1" recommendation for funding of efficient, easy-to-use, and rapid automated reporting systems based on national standards.
The ERCA amplification reaction is rapid, generating signal in as little as 10 minutes, and is incubated at a single temperature.
Agonists and antagonists were dissolved in extracellular solution and delivered to cells using a rapid perfusion system (Warner Instruments, Hamden, CT).
Or did they take the path of least resistance in the interest of rapid institutional review board approval and ease of patient recruiting?
While other animal models of hypertension can be employed to study the pathogenesis of hypertension, because of the rapid and reproducible development of renal failure, S rats provide a unique means to investigate the pathogenesis of hypertensive nephrosclerosis.
Such broad-range PCR strategies have been used to identify and characterize several known and previously uncharacterized bacteria [ 5 6 ] and viruses [ 7 8 ] . In order to maximize the utility of these effective pathogen nucleic acid amplification systems, amplification needs to be coupled with rapid, sensitive, and specific detection.
It will also be possible to improve safety in a variety of ways by increasing the use of IT, [ 30 ] including introducing checks for problems, highlighting and communicating information about key abnormalities to providers so they receive a rapid response, and facilitating communication between providers.
The advent of rapid tests for diagnosing HIV infection represents one part of the solution.
Insulin treatment did not affect the general characteristics of the Cl -current induced by 5-HT or Ach, i.e., a depolarizing current with a rapid transient peak and slower oscillatory phase (Figs.
“There is not going to be rapid progress in autism research unless we subtype,” Amaral says.
This opens new possibilities for rapid screening of communities at risk particularly pregnant women and children [ 30 31 ] in whom correct diagnosis and treatment is especially important [ 32 ] .
Several ribosomal RNA transcripts were detected to be up-regulated during the onset of rapid trophoblastic elongation as well as a novel gene, which is referred to as OSU-T1-50.
Adenylate-uridylate-rich elements (AREs) mediate rapid turnover of some mRNAs.
Due to the limited insight on the transcriptional regulation of this critical developmental process, the objective of the present investigation was to utilize suppression subtractive-hybridization (SSH) to characterize and analyze differentially expressed genes during rapid trophoblastic elongation in the pig.
This rebound is due primarily to increased government saving that has more than made up for the decline in personal saving described in section 1. However, despite this rebound, national saving as a share of GDP is still below the level of the 1960s-an era characterized by high saving and rapid growth in productivity and living standards, defined in terms of GDP per capita.
This response was rapid, occurring within 0.5 hours of endotoxin administration, and biphasic.
The name dengue fever is derived from the Swahiliwords Ki denga pepo (“it is a sudden overtaking by an evil spirit”), which gives an idea of the rapid onset of the disease.
Sphingomyelin content and luteal cell membrane fluidity decrease during luteolysis in vivo [ 48 49 50 51 ] . Ceramide, a product of sphingomyelin hydrolysis, is a potent stress-activated second messenger and is well established as a functional component of death receptor-mediated apoptosis [ 52 53 54 ] . Upon treatment of CLENDO cells with TNFα, we observed a rapid and sustained increase in the production of ceramide, suggesting that the sphingomyelin pathway is present and active in these cells.
1 cells, without constitutively active ERKs, AA release is delayed after [Ca 2+] i mobilization, and is temporally correlated with ERK activation [ 40 ] , whereas in MDCK cells with constitutively active ERKs, AA release is rapid, with significant AA release measured 30 s after [Ca 2+] i increase [ 15 ] . This temporal correlation between AA release and ERK activation has also been reported in CHO cells in response to PAF stimulation [ 35 41 ] . These results support the observations made here that ERK activity is required for phospholipid hydrolysis independently of cPLA 2 translocation.
HIV-infected individuals are highly susceptible to contracting tuberculous infection and are prone to rapid evolution of active disease [ 10 ] . The rate of tuberculosis is high in African Americans and in injection drug users [ 11 ] . Although the prevalence of a positive AFB smear in patients with pulmonary MTB is approximately the same in HIV-infected and noninfected individuals, it may decline in advanced HIV-mediated immunosuppression [ 12 ] . A previous study of 133 HIV-infected adults with pulmonary MTB showed 14% of them had a normal chest radiograph [ 13 ] .
Further, during this study though we did not find the patients with rheumatoid factor, this may need to be investigated further in other malaria endemic areas as a relatively high false positive rate with Determine rapid test was observed in patients with rheumatoid factor in earlier study [ 9 ] .
appeal to the voters to to to get elected but you know how how rapidly can they change and how rapid can they move
In 1992 “Supreme Leader” Deng Xiaoping set into motion a rapid Westernization of China’s economy.
Over the last few centuries I watch their bewilderment at the rapid growth of cerebral cortex and its integration into two hemispheres.
Methods devised to control gene expression must allow for rapid, robust, precise, and reversible induction of gene activity.
With your assistance, the Libraries will be able to provide more journals, more computerized databases for locating vital information, and more equipment for rapid access to the computerized catalog and indexes.
At this point, however, we will introduce the standard inventory model that many retailers use for rapid replenishment items, considering the implications of demand uncertainty raised above.
Schwarcz's statement about rapid economic growth never lasting more than a century is incorrect.
Can mefloquine be given safely as a pre-travel loading dose, for rapid induction of chemoprophylaxis?
well uh you know five five years ago could you have have imagined in your in your your wildest dreams that something as as a change as rapid as this would've occurred
Such rapid change and reinvention results in what many call a city without a soul.
The textile industry, in particular, has been characterized by rapid technological changes and automation; shifts to large-scale establishments; restructuring and consolidation of enterprises in spinning, weaving, and knitting; substantial capital investments in these activities and finishing operations; and a shift to products with expanding markets.
.the lecture was heavy with the importance of dream state, pulse and heart rate, vaginal tumescence and temperature change, rapid eye movement and the size and frequency of penal erection.”
Such cases may not have sufficient antigen in the blood for detection by rapid test.
yeah on the other hand most people don't use rapid transit because it's so inconvenient
There was an inevitable reaction to rapid Westernization.
We also discuss why human resource policies cannot be treated separately from other business decisions regarding rapid replenishment.
The viral spread of information on the Internet, the incredibly rapid and inexpensive growth of user communities and businesses, the facilitation of global market relationships: These are the hallmarks of the Net--not merely in the minds of the digerati but also in the minds of investors.
As with mGluR5b, mGluR5a produced a rapid and reversible calcium current inhibition when 100 μM glutamate was applied to the bath (figure 4B).
uh we don't have a rapid transit system in this country though worth a worth a damn
By 1945, the population had grown to almost 20,000, with workers and airmen moving in at a rapid pace.
Note that the push toward rapid replenishment, reduction of lead times, and what has often been called “quick response” came predominately from retailers rather than from their apparel suppliers.
rechannel their energies into making a rapid transit system in this country
That these countries grew at historically rapid rates for more than two decades is also indisputable.
A new Supplemental Federal Test Procedure has been added to address areas not represented in the current procedures including aggressive (high-speed and/or high acceleration) driving behavior, rapid speed fluctuations, driving behavior following startup and use of air conditioning.
However, in light of the growth of rapid replenishment, our research predicts that the performance of these two units will vary over time, with the supplier that has implemented flexible planning and short-cycle production processes coming out ahead.
As always in a world of lean retailing and rapid replenishment, the need for faster production is what drives these capital-intensive technical innovations.
This coupling implies that as PP breaks down to form P + P, the monophosphate, P, will feed back to further activate the hexamer enzyme, making the catalysis of hexamer formation even more rapid.
Successful performance includes providing high levels of order completeness, short lead times for new products, and rapid response to requests for replenishment.
One can imagine universes governed by general relativity that burst briefly into big bang being, then recollapse in a rapid big crunch within parts of a second or a century.
But under rapid replenishment arrangements, the inventory risk is now assumed by the apparel manufacturer; consequently assembly time is now very important.
The formal analysis in Chapter 7 specified the factors that determine whether production of items under rapid replenishment policies should be done domestically or outsourced to low wage countries.
Then along came lean retailing and the need for rapid replenishment—manufacturers are now expected to replenish products in less than a week.
Rapid replenishment, in turn, requires the availability of detailed demand data and its frequent and accurate transmission.
Garments amenable to rapid replenishment principles have the most potential for U.S. production.
To foster productivity (physical output per worker) and constrain supervisory costs, wages are paid on a piece-rate basis, providing incentives for rapid completion of the operation.
On July 17 and 24, the replenishment order arrives in time to restock the inventory before selling out; however, during the week of July 24, high demand led to rapid depletion of stock, so the retailer stocks out of the product prior to the end of the week.
Many of the popular accounts of quick response, rapid replenishment, and supply-chain management assume that all parties—consumers, retailers, and suppliers—win as a result of these policies.
As we detailed in Chapter 10, changing the method of production to reduce manufacturing throughput times also makes little sense if a business unit has not first invested in the necessary information links for carrying on rapid replenishment relationships.
To begin with, the adoption of bar codes came before rapid replenishment arrangements because retailers required a low-cost means of collecting information at the detailed product level for their own use—that is, they first developed an efficient method for scanning prices at the check-out register and tracking products for internal inventory purposes.
Hence, the species is assumed to be isogenic, except during the rapid evolution to fitter genotypes that happens as a fitter mutant of a species steps from one point to another point on the landscape.
For, as we will see, it seems reasonable that if the expansion were too rapid, the system would destroy the propagating organization of autonomous agents whose coevolution and increasing diversity is what drives expansion into the adjacent possible and tends secularly to increase that dimensionality.
The manufacturer in this example effectively had limitless capacity to produce the single-breasted coat, since only approximately 30 percent of the plant’s total capacity was devoted to producing a variety of rapid replenishment items.
When the assembly cycle time is reduced, both the WIP and finished goods inventory levels necessary to meet a given rapid replenishment demand go down.
The growth of the highway system around central cities and the rapid expansion of suburbs created new opportunities for shopping centers, malls, and other outlets closer to a growing number of two wage-earner families.
The rapid growth of urban cities and access to their downtown areas, initially with horse-drawn streetcars, encouraged mass retailers.
As an increasing number of suppliers are dancing to the demands of rapid replenishment, they are finding it a complex tune.
The new world of rapid replenishment implies additional capabilities for both the retailer and manufacturer.
Next, we describe how apparel manufacturers can use statistical analysis and simulation to gain insight into inventory planning and production scheduling for products they offer in their rapid replenishment collections.
From our standpoint, holding high inventories to meet rapid replenishment demands is strictly a short-term strategy for manufacturers.
Although Wal-Mart’s rapid climb has created the most sound and fury, a variety of retailers adopted and adapted different pieces of lean retailing in the early 1990s.
The increasing emphasis on rapid replenishment raises a related question: can offshore manufacturers meet retailers’ requirements for such short delivery lead times and so many services?
Technological advances and rapid diffusion of older technologies make personal computers extremely perishable—much like apparel with a fashion content—and subject to almost constant price markdown pressure.
Lean retailers’ rapid replenishment arrangements radically reduce the risk of undersupply—the retailer can essentially “correct” for those items that it ordered too little of prior to the start of the season—and of oversupply, since the retailer orders smaller initial quantities.
In fact, a supplier that attempts to provide rapid replenishment without any other innovations may end up performing poorly from the perspective of its retail customers.
It does not seem totally implausible that cells persistently abide in both the quantum and classical realms, in which the persistently propagating superposition of amplitudes for alternative molecular motions decohere on very rapid timescales and thereby help choose the now classical microstates of proteins and their motions as those proteins couple their coordinated dance with one another to carry out the alternative behaviors that guide a cell in its next set of actions, its adjacent possible.
As Chapter 7 stressed, modular production need not be adopted for all assembly; it makes most sense for products that require rapid replenishment, where the capacity to engage in short-cycle production matters.
1 It is safe to say that lean retailers have also come out ahead, given their rapid growth in relation to, and at the expense of, traditional retailers in many different retail channels.
But if the person or firm making the innovation and introducing it to the global or village markets faced a product life cycle that was so very rapid that neither they nor others in the economy could absorb the innovations and make livings, the firms in question would go broke.
Because of the high cost of full life-cycle fish toxicity tests and the emerging consensus that the ELS test data usually would be adequate for estimating chronically safe concentrations, there was a rapid shift by aquatic toxicologists to 30 - 90-day ELS toxicity tests for estimating chronically safe concentrations in the late 1970s.
To end on an uplifting note: “For an hour the lecture was heavy with the importance of dream state, pulse and heart rate, vaginal tumescence and temperature change, rapid eye movement and the size and frequency of penal erection.”
We previously demonstrated in an in vitro experiment, that the NOX 4000 was able to measure rapid fluctuations of NO concentrations with a precision ≥ 95% [ 9].
In a period of rapid expansion, towns and counties were being established every day.
This rapid docking procedure was followed by a more refined energy minimization of the complex, with a full atom representation of the receptor, and flexible receptor side chains, according to the ICM stochastic global optimization algorithm [ 26, 27] as implemented in the Molsoft ICM 2.7 program [ 17].
Think the rapid growth of area codes is the inexorable result of the increasing need for more and more data lines?
Because hosts and pathogens act as environments for each other, their intertwined struggle for existence is both continual and rapid.
“Controlling emissions at the source not only protects freshwater ecosystems, but also allows fairly rapid recovery of lakes' indigent species.
The effect of the reduction of receptor number at the plasma membrane might be a rapid decrease of the physiological response to the stimulus.
The rapid pace of religious life has outdistanced News Quiz.
5 Ga and subsequent rapid radiation of lineages (Figs.
Lacking a sizable middle class of farmers and shopkeepers (who would arrive only after World War I), and undergoing intense and rapid capitalist development, large portions of Colorado, Nevada, and Idaho became sharply polarized along class lines--"labor in one camp, the employers in another, no in-between camp, with government a football between the two," according to the final volume of John R. Commons and associates' venerable History of Labor in the United States .
Seedlings are undergoing dramatic and rapid vacuole biogenesis to allow for rapid growth at this stage of development and therefore would be expected to require a higher level of subunit A expression than other more terminally differentiated organs.
Watts' rapid ascent within GOP.
In addition, there should be no tendency for the spacing between mutational cold spots to remain conserved between divergent Drosophila species, given the rapid rate of DNA loss in unconstrained sequences in the Drosophila genome [ 48, 49].
The incoming companies have rapid growth in revenue and in cash flow, and extraordinarily high returns on invested capital.
Aggregation of acetylcholine receptors (AChRs) at the post-synaptic muscle membrane is the initial step in synaptogenesis at the neuromuscular junction, and is essential for reliable and rapid synaptic communication.
There had been many years of success, of rapid growth fueled by the money of international investors anxious to get in on a good thing.
For high-throughput genome sequencing projects, equally rapid high-throughput genome annotation is necessary, and bioinformaticists use a variety of computational methods to generate this annotation.
In the postwar years, all the Asian tigers have enjoyed enormously high savings rates, rapid increases in the percentage of people participating in the work force, excellent education, and enormous investments in physical capital.
Recent progress in genomic sequencing has led to the rapid enrichment of protein sequence databases.
A flexible rapid deployment force would report to a single director.
Once Fe(VI) is reduced to Fe(III), a rapid process, it becomes non-toxic to the spores.
From the Department of Redundancy Department: yesterday's Today's Papers discussed a WP article about the rapid growth of the Clinton legal defense fund.
Currently available tonometers have equilibration periods ranging between 10 and 90 min [ 16, 17, 18, 19] and are therefore not efficient for rapid detection of changes in tissue perfusion on a continuous basis.
An article describes the rapid decline of the Reform Party.
These observations are consistent with the observed more rapid improvement in cardiovascular and respiratory function for drotrecogin alfa (activated) patients as compared with placebo patients in study F1K-MC-EVAD (PROWESS) [ 8 ] .
Last week, the WP ran a front-page story about the problems under welfare reform faced by a woman fresh off the rolls whose 15-year-old daughter has had two babies in rapid succession.
The initial MTX-induced increase in [Ca 2+] i reflects the activation of a Ca 2+-permeable non-selective cation channel (CaNSC) [ 1 4 5 6 7 8 ] . This channel, which has a reported conductance in the range of 12-40 pS depending on ionic conditions [ 5 9 10 11 ] , causes rapid membrane depolarization, which in excitable cells, leads to activation of voltage-sensitive channels.
As mentioned earlier, inhibition studies using OA and calyculin A suggested the existence of a PP1-like activity in P. falciparum extracts [ 15 ] . However, our attempts to purify the native PfPP1 enzyme by chromatographic procedures resulted in only small amounts of activity, probably due to rapid inactivation during fractionation.
Their size, feeding habits, and seasonal spawning cycle make Lepisosteus embryos generally unsuitable for rapid progress through experiments, as is possible for organisms like the zebrafish, Danio rerio.
Since the sensitivity of the rapid tests remains high on treated patients therefore, it will be important to take patients history into consideration during routine usage of the rapid tests.
Since etiolation results in rapid elongation of seedlings it was expected that there would be a concomitant increase in subunit A messenger RNA as seen with proteolipid subunit mRNA in A. thaliana [ 36 ] and subunit A message levels in rapidly expanding cotton ( Gossypium hirsutum ) fibers [ 73 ] . Equivalent loading of whole RNA was evaluated via spectrophotometry measuring absorption at 260 nm using a Perkin-Elmer Lambda-3 spectrophotometer and by visual confirmation using non denaturing ethidium bromide stained agarose gel electrophoresis (results not shown).
This report details the rapid discovery of RAR agonists with novel structural features, thanks to a powerful virtual ligand screening approach, and a research strategy where considerations on existing ligands are avoided.
Previous studies have identified apoptosis and cell cycle arrest as mechanisms of BCR-induced growth arrest in BCL 1 .3B3 cells [ 19 ] . The studies presented here have demonstrated that stimulation of the BCR resulted in the rapid and transient activation of the non-receptor tyrosine kinase, Syk.
They also used a less invasive and more rapid method of determining water volumes based on using bioelectrical impedance to calculate the volume.
More rapid induction was observed in the presence of medium conditioned for 24 h by differentiated C2C12 cells.
Incubation with anti-IgM induced a rapid increase and delayed reduction in Syk activity with kinetics similar to that of control clones.
However, as phylogenies often contain extreme branches as a result of distant homologs or rapid speciation, pairs of protein family members are not represented uniformly across the sequence-identity range.
, auto replay), and by focusing during each sequence on a single cell within the field of view, it can be seen that fluorescence increases slowly during bleb formation, but that intense rapid dye staining occurs during the bleb dilation phase.
While the CASP experiments provide for an environment where rapid testing of ideas is possible in a rigourous manner, a lot of the development is ad hoc, guided by intuition, and not all parameter choices are explored thoroughly.
2. Where are the zones of rapid change (boundaries) in cancer incidence?
GoMiner thus facilitates analysis and organization of the results for rapid interpretation of 'omic' [ 5 6 ] data.
Y152A responses do not show the rapid rise times observed in wt receptors.
The rapid growth in the number of available genome sequences presents diverse opportunities to address important outstanding questions in duplicate gene evolution.
There is most likely a large protein complex assembled at the SRE composed of regulated transcription factors, coactivators, and the basal transcriptional machinery, resulting in rapid transcription of the c-fos gene in response to mitogenic stimulation.
Detection and confirmation of IL-1β, SAHH, HSC70 and OSU-T1-50 as being differentially expressed during the period of rapid trophoblastic elongation contributes important information towards understanding the mechanisms involved with this essential biological event in the pig.
It is generally defined as a rapid decline (within hours to weeks) in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and retention of nitrogenous waste products.
The rapid decrease in body weight of rats in SD, followed 10 weeks later by a return to weight increases, might make this system useful in studies on the control of body weight in mammals.
81 ± 3.58/(μl) were found positive for P. falciparum by rapid test.
The first is slow, temperature independent development at low ambient temperatures in sexually-produced embryos, and the second is rapid temperature dependent development at higher ambient temperatures in asexually-produced embryos.
We also employed the enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) as a virally encoded transgene to optimize a rapid and efficient superspeed centrifugation technique for concentration of viral supernatant.
In a review in 2003 (Hematology [Am Soc Hematol Educ Program] 2003: 279–293), Rita Braziel and colleagues concluded, “rapid identification and neutralization of spurious results is essential to prevent them from becoming accepted facts.”
In all 11 cases showed positive reaction by rapid test for P. falciparum while blood smears were negative for malaria parasite.
Critical epitopes may be masked by glycosyl groups and/or tertiary structure [ 13 14 15 ] and [ 16 ] The extensive genetic variability of HIV complicates immunogen choice and the high rate of mutation increases the likelihood of the rapid development of resistance.
A rapid, accurate diagnosis of brain death would seem to facilitate the organ procurement process and may well decrease its associated charges [ 27].
Using LPS, which we have previously shown is a rapid and potent in vitro activator of neonatal microglia [ 7 ] as our positive control, we focused our investigation on three microglia mediators which are released upon LPS activation, namely TNF-α, MMP-9 and O 2 - [ 7 ] . Our present study demonstrates that in contrast to LPS, during a 6 hour in vitro exposure to domoic acid, neonatal rat microglia release small, but statistically significant amounts of TNF-α and MMP-9.
There follows a rapid winding up of the filament into a double-strand helix by a process of supercoiling that is triggered by the impediment of the twisting motions that accompany cell growth [ 2 ] . The cells in double-strand helical structures also twist as they grow.
That's why the toddlers at UCLA get one-on-one training by therapists, who fire rapid questions and physically repeat tasks until they sink in.
At present, knowledge of genes regulating rapid trophoblastic elongation in the pig is far from complete.
In this way, individuals could potentially undergo large, rapid phenotypic changes.
The onset of action and recovery following intravenous administration of midazolam is rapid.
The above findings that FR plants with the greater plant water uptake have significantly lower foliage water content than FS plants could reflect more rapid loss of foliage water by FR plants, or limiting soil water available to FR due to its rapid rate of plant water uptake.
One such difference is that the spatial variations of the ultrasonically-induced fields are much more rapid than the fields associated with TMS since, in the former case, the fields change on the scale of the ultrasonic wavelength (e.g.
Prolonged or repeated agonist stimulation of G protein-coupled receptors frequently causes a reduction in the response to the agonist [ 1 ] . Short-term agonist exposure results in desensitization that is characterized by a rapid (minutes) and reversible uncoupling of the receptor from the G protein followed by sequestration and/or internalization of receptors from the cell surface.
Consistent with this, a rapid succession of studies in 
In a situation like ours where laboratory facilities are poor or non-existent, rapid test is the best option to support malaria diagnosis for case management in malaria control programme.
It may be that our capacity for rapid reversal learning is sometimes used for less than noble pursuits, both in science and in interpersonal relations in general, but we would be in real trouble if we couldn't learn to change.
lipid binding or micelle formation) is required before it can be absorbed and that this change is more rapid in the presence of a meal.
Second, the final maturation of the 20S proteasome resulted from the assembly of two half proteasomes into the four stacked ring structure could trap the already bound Smad1 inside the proteasome for rapid degradation or lead to the dissociation of Smad1 from mature 20S proteasome due to the inaccessibility of Smad1 binding site on the incorporated HsN3.
Our negative results with thrombin, TRAP, PMA, TPA and AGTII indicate that rapid Ca 2+-mobilization, despite dramatic morphological changes of the cells, does not result in MP-release from HUVEC (Fig.
Using 5' rapid amplification of cDNA ends (RACE) from TMOD4 exon 2, we discovered that this exon was 93 bp in length and contained no consensus AG acceptor.
The rapid induction of smad7 mRNA was basically unaffected by SB-203580; this could possibly explained by a lower amout of Smad3 necessary to activate the Smad7 promoter.
computer tomography scans or angiography studies), rapid transfer to the operating room, or transfer to the intensive care unit?
Thus, the more rapid onset of growth arrest in npa1 and npa2 mutants suggested that the ts phenotype was not caused exclusively by a decrease in NPC number and nucleo-cytoplasmic transport capacity [ 23 35 ] and may be due to other cellular effects.
First, although our state planning initiative is highly replicable for any organization trying to effect rapid change across a large and entrenched culture of individual programs or offices, such change is only possible if you are willing to be inclusive and collaborative in setting goals and processes, yet firm and resolute in their ultimate enforcement.
To monitor the impact of the mass treatment program, sentinel sites were chosen based on estimated community antigen prevalence inferred from rapid card-based immunochromatographic testing (ICT) of local school children (Amrad ICT, New South Wales, Australia).
One of the predictions of the conventional model of evolution of duplicated genes is the rapid loss of paralogs due to null mutations [ 2, 3, 5, 7].
At the time covered by this study, a rapid clinic-based diagnostic test was not available.
The NMU-induced rat model of mammary tumorigenesis is widely used for chemoprevention studies, and yields rapid development of hormonally responsive mammary tumors with 100% incidence [ 2, 4, 18].
Similarly, a recent report showed that the sα i2 35 amino acids were unable to retain a secreted protein in intracellular membranes and did not affect localization of a nuclear protein [ 4 ] . However, in addition to causing rapid degradation, one cannot rule out that the 35 amino acid sequence of sα i2 functions somehow as part of a Golgi targeting motif in the context of other regions of α i2 , as suggested [ 4 ] . Other researchers have described a specific Golgi membrane localization of sα i2 [ 4 ] ; in contrast, the results presented in this report always show a much more disperse subcellular localization of sα i2 to intracellular membranes consistent with staining of both Golgi and ER.
The need for technologies that allow highly parallel quantitation of specific proteins in a rapid, low-cost and low-sample-volume format has become increasingly apparent with the growing recognition of the importance of global approaches to molecular characterization of physiology, development, and disease [ 1, 2].
“Such rapid size change is unprecedented in terrestrial vertebrates.”
While national needs suggest a rapid reorganization of homeland security functions, the transition of agencies and programs into the new department is likely to take time to achieve.
Elongation of the conceptus is a short-lived phenomenon that results from cellular remodeling and migration, rather than through cellular hyperplasia [ 3 ] . Secretion of the conceptus produced maternal recognition signal, estrogen, occurs simultaneously with rapid elongation of the trophoblastic membrane [ 4 5 ] . Conceptus release of estrogen induces an acute phase response by the endometrium that alters the uterine environment, which may be unfavorable for less developed littermates [ 1 6 ] . Because the pig has a diffuse epitheliochorial type of placentation, rapid trophoblastic elongation provides an essential biological function to satisfy the conceptus' necessity for maximal placental-uterine contact to ensure adequate nutrient exchange throughout gestation [ 2 ] .
Because many factors contribute to the shortage of organs, early donor recognition, rapid and accurate declaration of brain death, physiological maintenance of potential organ donors, and coordination with the local organ procurement organization (OPO) are all important aspects of organ donor management [ 9].
Access to automated DNA sequencing technology has made possible the rapid generation and analysis of gene transcripts expressed in organisms via expressed sequence tags (ESTs) [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5].
We identified four domains within the category of why residents would be surprised if their patients died: the presence of a reversible disease, the rapid onset of an acute illness, improving clinical course, and prior survival under similar circumstances.
First, each of these lines has adapted to growth in a serially diluted, or seasonal, environment of glucose-limited minimal media [ 19 20 21 22 ] . The dynamics of adaptation are well known: after a period of rapid adaptation during the first 1,000 generations, the rate of improvement has subsequently slowed to almost one-thirtieth of the initial rate [ 20 27 ] . Moreover, relatively few mutations generated this early, rapid adaptation [ 19 20 24 ] . Thus, these populations have experienced two types of dynamics: one of rapid adaptation followed by one of much slower improvement.
This bleb dilation phase is clearly associated with rapid, intense staining of the nucleus with vital dyes.
Thus rapid test could be a better diagnostic method in P. falciparum malaria than spleen and microscopy.
After this point development becomes temperature dependent, with more rapid growth at 10°C than at 0-4°C.
These compounds produce a very rapid therapeutic response, are active against parasites resistant to multiple drugs, are well tolerated, and reduce gametocyte carriage.
The rapid spread of inquiry from an examination of the technology to an investigation of decisionmaking on that flight, to inquiry about NASA management as it affected the Challenger disaster generally, is what "taking the context into account" means.
The United States has not experienced such a rapid surge in national security spending since the Korean War.
Studies of BRCA1 expression patterns in mouse tissue reveal that BRCA1 is most highly expressed in tissues undergoing rapid proliferation and differentiation, and that expression in vivo is also hormone responsive.
Frequent use of TURP for benign prostatic hyperplasia in the 1970s and 1980s and the rapid introduction and widespread adoption of PSA screening beginning in the late 1980s, tapped an extensive pool of latent and preclinical prostate disease [ 40 41 ] . Consistent with another study, we found that in the mid 1980s up to 50% or more of all prostate cancer cases were incidentally detected through TURPs [ 41 ] . However, as medications with few side effects became available to treat benign prostatic hypterplasia and PSA screening became widely adopted, TURP-detected cases declined from their peak in 1987 through 1993 [ 41 ] . Our results showed a similar decline in the TURP-detected prostate cancer incidence rates, followed by a leveling off between 1994 and 1999, for both LDS and nonLDS cases in Utah.
Rapid regulation of an RP transcript by NGF
The two latter effector memory populations contain perforin, secrete IFN-γ and tumor necrosis factor-α, are cytotoxic, and are capable of rapid effector function after stimulation [ 9 10 11 ] .
This explains why the AUC calculated FPM [ 17 ] was greatly reduced when the subjects were fasting so that the gastric emptying rate was increased and GI absorption was more rapid (compare figs.
Using time-lapse videomicroscopy, we have shown that MTX-induced release of LDH from vascular endothelial cells is associated with massive bleb dilation and rapid staining of the nucleus with vital dyes [ 3 ] .
The cost effectiveness advantage of rapid test in the long term is the reduction of mistreatment in terms of drugs, costs, toxicity and development of resistance [ 34 ] . An important advantage of the availability of the rapid test that it does not depend on just one person but can be performed by all staff members of the health clinic.
With respect to osteoclast formation, IFN-γ is known to potently inhibit RANKL-mediated osteoclastogenesis in both spleen-derived macrophage cultures and bone marrow coculture systems [ 19 20 21 ] . It has also been demonstrated that mice defective in IFN-γ signaling have a more rapid onset of arthritis and bone resorption compared with wild-type mice, suggesting a protective role of IFN-γ in early arthritis [ 21 22 ] .
Given that DDRP is universal, whereas RDRP is eukaryote-specific, a plausible hypothesis might be that RDRP evolved at the onset of eukaryotic evolution through extensive, rapid sequence divergence following a duplication of the β' subunit of the ancestral DDRP.
Mammalian ORs are known to undergo rapid desensitization after odorant stimulation [ 56] and GRK3 has been implicated in this process [ 57, 58].
This method allowed for maximal and rapid improvement in and optimization of presentation delivery.
Rapid advances in information technology have highlighted the need for updated internal control guidance related to modern computer systems.
Roughly one third of the inducible genes in OCI-Ly3 cells were in this rapid mRNA turnover category (Figure 4c).
Cigarette smoke condensate treatment induces rapid activation of the NFκB pathway
There thus appears to be boundary avoidance, so that zones of rapid change in breast cancer incidence aren't found near zones of rapid change in OPR; and an inverse relationship between OPR and SMR, so that high values of breast cancer incidence tend not to be found where OPR is high.
Stress proteins have been shown to be expressed in non-stressed cells during development and differentiation [ 25 ] . Hsps were shown to be expressed during the differentiation of mammalian osteoblasts and promelocytic leukemia cells [ 26 ] . In addition, hsp expression has been shown to accompany growth arrest in human B lymphocytes [ 27 ] and macrophage differentiation of HL 60 cells [ 28 ] . During myogenic differentiation, mRNA for alphaB increases in conjunction with the induction of mRNA for myogenin, the earliest known event in myogenesis [ 29 ] . The addition of exogenous alpha-crystallin to primary bovine lens epithelium was shown to induce rapid changes in cell shape, leading to the formation of lentoid bodies [ 21 ] . These studies strongly suggest that the hsp family of proteins has other functions in addition to protecting proteins and cells during stress.
The generation of expressed sequence tags (ESTs) by single-pass random sequencing of cDNA libraries is a powerful tool for rapid gene transcript identification in metazoans [ 14 15 16 17 ] including parasitic nematodes of humans and animals [ 18 19 20 21 22 23 ] . High-throughput projects on two dozen nematode species have now brought the total number of publicly available roundworm ESTs to nearly 400,000, with half the sequences coming from parasites [ 24 25 26 27 ] . As a part of these efforts, EST sequencing from plant parasitic nematodes is in progress [ 28 ] and pilot EST datasets from the root-knot nematode M. incognita and the cyst nematodes Globodera rostochiensis and G. pallida second-stage larvae have recently been analyzed [ 29 30 ] .
Most importantly, the rapid and accurate CD4 assessments obtained with this method, together with its anticipated low cost relative to flow cytometry, may make this type of approach ideal for resource-scarce settings.
In the quest to determine Arabidopsis TF function and establish the regulatory networks that control the expression of all Arabidopsis genes, the development of a web-based resource that divides TFs into families and allows the rapid download of any Arabidopsis TF sequence and the fast identification of mutants, linked to the possible sequences to which these TFs may bind in the Arabidopsis genome is of pressing urgency.
And as procedures to identify the bacteria responsible for symptomatic infections get better and more rapid, it soon may be quite easy to get this information from individual patients.
The cells were collected by rapid filtration onto glass fiber filters (type A/E, Gelman Sciences, Ann Arbor, MI) and washed via filtration with 10 ml of cold transport buffer.
TFX is rapidly degraded in nonsterile soil but is readily extractable from sterile soil inoculated with a TFX-producing strain, suggesting that TFX is sensitive to in situ proteolysis [ 14 ] . Despite this rapid turnover, TFX production confers enhanced nodulation efficiency upon TFX-producing Rhizobium strains under field conditions [ 15 ] .
HGF/SF induces mitogenic and morphogenic changes, including rapid membrane ruffling, formation of microspikes, and increased cellular motility [ 12 13 ] . The diverse biological effects of HGF/SF are all mediated by Met, which is preferentially expressed on epithelial cells [ 14 ] . In vivo this receptor-ligand pair is essential for normal embryonic development [ 15 16 ] . Whereas Met signaling clearly has a role in normal cellular processes, this signaling pathway has also been implicated in tumor development and progression.
Specifically, systematic approaches for identifying the biological functions of cellular genes altered during these changes, such as HIV-1 infection, are needed to ensure rapid progress in defining significant host and viral genome sequences in directed experimentation and applications.
The uptake was stopped at 15 min. by the addition of 2 ml of ice-cold stop buffer (100 mM KCl, 100 mM mannitol, 10 mM potassium phosphate, pH 7.4) and the mitochondria were collected by rapid filtration on 0.45 μM Millipore membrane filters.
Although the vast majority of infected individuals emerge from coccidioidomycosis without complications, an unlucky minority are faced with a debilitating disease that lacks adequate drug options for rapid and completely effective treatment.
All rapid gating events associated with the open channel were treated as noise.
Irrespective of the upstream mechanism of FFA and CD36 interaction, our results demonstrate very rapid activation of a well-characterized intracellular kinase cascade of proapoptotic signaling.
Time course analysis suggested that the loss of viability was rapid (Fig 1aand 2a) and progressive, with only 30 % of the cells remaining non-apoptotic by 72 hr post-treatment.
Microbes induce the rapid secretion of antimicrobial peptides from the cells of the fat body into the larval or adult body cavity (systemic response; Figure 1).
Despite evidence of the potential for rapid increases in urban malaria transmission [ 9 10 11 12 ] , vector control programmes and mosquito-prevention programmes are still largely focused on rural areas [ 13 ] . To address the epidemiological consequences of human behaviour in urban and peri-urban areas, research must consider the scale at which human and mosquito populations are interacting.
Phospho-p38 levels peaked at 5 min and showed an equally rapid decline in activity.
It is also possible that a more rapid cellular uptake of gamma-tocopherol (and removal from plasma) could contribute to the preferential maintenance of alpha-tocopherol in plasma.
Although it has been suggested that rapid sexual maturation may have long-term consequences for the development of obesity among women [ 6 ] , our results indicate that it is more likely that childhood obesity influences both menarcheal age and adult obesity.
Also, the figures exhibit the rapid change in unit delivery costs as either volume or density increase.
In many cases, heterozygotes as a group have shown better infectious disease outcomes (slower disease progression or more rapid clearance of viral infection) than homozygotes as a group [ 5 6 8 9 14 22 ] , a phenomenon we call "population heterozygote advantage."
Exposure of cells to stimuli of NF-κB induces the rapid phosphorylation and subsequent degradation of IκB proteins.
The controllers observed the plane in a rapid descent; the radar data terminated over Lower Manhattan.
The reaction of wild-type L1 with nitrocefin under steady-state conditions at 10°C resulted in a rapid decrease in fluorescence followed by a rate-limiting return of fluorescence (Figure 3A).
Aggressive forms of RA are thought to be driven by T-lymphocyte activity, leading to the rapid erosion of bone and cartilage.
Identification and characterization of gene expression patterns during rapid trophoblastic elongation in the pig will provide a better understanding of the events required for successful implantation and embryonic survival.
Among genes that are stimulated by FSH/cAMP during the period of maturation of Sertoli cells (15 to 20 days of age in rats), are several subunits of cAMP-dependent protein kinase (PKA), the serine/threonine kinase mainly responsible for the downstream effects of FSH [ 15 ] . Expression of the RIIβ regulatory subunit of cAMP-dependent protein kinase is highly induced (50-fold) at the mRNA level in primary cultures of rat Sertoli cells as a late response to cAMP peaking at 12 hours [ 16 ] . We have demonstrated that expression of CAAT/Enhancer binding protein β (C/EBPβ) is induced by cAMP with rapid kinetics in Sertoli cells, and that C/EBPβ is responsible for induction of late response genes like the RIIβ-gene [ 17 ] . The RIIβ promoter contains a conserved E-box/HLH element in the basal promoter localized at -280 to -275 relative to the functional ATG [ 18 ] . This element is shown to be important for cAMP-responsiveness in granulosa cells, and it has been shown to bind both USF and Myc in CHO and NB2a cells [ 18 19 ] . In this work, we show that USF isoforms may regulate cAMP responsiveness of the RIIβ promoter by modulating the effect of C/EBP, and that the formation of USF isoforms may be regulated by cAMP in Sertoli cells.
When a region of the brain is activated, it receives an increased flow of oxygenated blood (the extremely rapid redirection of blood within the active brain is one of the underappreciated wonders supporting neural activity).
The authors implicated "novel mechanisms" as the reason for this rapid increase.
There are many retroelements and DNA transposons flanking maize genes, and they may contribute to the rapid divergence of transcriptional regulation [ 48].
The response of enlarged viscera to enzyme infusion is much more rapid than the response of bones.
Prenatal mortality in the pig ranges from 20% to 46% by term [ 1 ] , the majority of which occurs during peri-implantation conceptus development [ 2 ] . The peri-implantation period is the most critical stage of conceptus development as a rapid morphological transformation of the trophoblast occurs just prior to conceptus attachment to the uterine surface [ 3 ] . Rapid transformation of the trophoblast, termed trophoblastic elongation, occurs during days 11 to 12 of gestation.
During the final phase of MTX-induced effects, there is a gross change in membrane integrity which allows rapid uptake of vital dyes, independent of dye molecular weight.
On average, BMI seems to increase with stage of genital maturation in boys relative to fatness, and then, in contrast, decreases in the later stages of maturation reflecting the rapid growth of fat free mass with puberty.
Despite the rapid dissemination of HIV-I by mucosal routes, productive mucosal transmission appears to be relatively inefficient and is estimated to occur once in 300 or more high-risk exposures [ 17].
We showed that rapid stimulation of HUVEC with thrombin, PMA, TPA or AGT II or overnight stimulation with TNFα or LPS does not induce release of annexin V-binding membrane MP.
Immunological memory allows the body to make a greater and more rapid second response when the body is reinfected by the same pathogen.
In vitro data indicates that our constructs when used in combination with GS-E, offer an excellent induction profile and rapid decay of gene expression when the compound is removed from in vitro culture.
GCS has important advantages over other scales, because it enables rapid evaluation of status and may direct necessary interventions.
The data in this report are consistent with a scenario in which intracellular Golgi/ER localization of sα i2 reflects its rapid degradation rather than specific targeting to a subcellular organelle.
• Computerize demographic and risk-factor data for systematic and detailed analysis of reported diseases and rapid dissemination of information.
Although no major differences were noted in cognitive functioning amongst HIV-infected asymptomatics with or without a history of drug abuse [ 6], a subsequent study showed that a history of injection drug use and presentation with prominent psychomotor slowing was associated with more rapid neurologic progression [ 7].
The rapid induction of apoptosis in response to TNFα is similar to the microvascular endothelial cell death which was observed by Friedman and colleagues [ 29 ] at higher concentrations of TNFα.
Morris and Lane [ 8] described a rapid rise of tidal expiratory flow to a maximum value in adult patients with airflow obstruction.
Binding was terminated by rapid filtration onto a GF/B filters.
The limited expansion potential of FLS, combined with the low efficiency of existing methods, stimulated a systematic examination of various transduction techniques to identify a rapid and efficient method for stable genetic modification of FLS.
This method was chosen to detect sequences with potential similarity to pXO2 because it is rapid and the reaction products can be readily sequenced.
It relies on the efficient suffix tree data structure for identification of exact repeats, which permits rapid identification of repeat classes even in sequences containing tens of millions of nucleotides.
2001) may allow rapid genetic changes in this parasite and may be catalyzed by the exceptionally high levels of repetitive DNA and mobile elements in its genome (Wu et al.
This non-invasive and rapid ECG phenotyping technique may improve the quality and increase the quantity of data collected from mouse models.
Although other systemic illnesses such as untreated tuberculosis, Q fever, fungal infections, and lymphoma can lead to gastrointestinal granuloma, the acute nature of this patient's symptoms and rapid improvement with steroids make these causes unlikely.
We have previously reported that some of the late induction of RIIβ by cAMP depends on the rapid cAMP-mediated increase in C/EBPβ expression [ 17 ] . To test the effect of different USF isoforms on C/EBPβ-mediated induction of the RIIβ promoter, we transfected combinations of the transcription factors (Fig.
As a unifying view, we propose that Skp2-mediated control and Slimb-mediated control of E2F activities occur at different times during the cell cycle and that SCF Slmbis responsible for the rapid destruction of E2F in S phase.
Also, it is possible that reduced association with ribosomes results in a destabilization of countin mRNA, and this might account for the more rapid loss and lower levels of countin mRNA found in BS153 cells after the onset of development.
The rapid determination of microbial genomic sequences poses a challenge in gene annotation and assignment of transcriptional start sites.
.. ", together with paralytic, neurotoxic, diarrhetic and ciguatera fish poisoning (FDA website: http://vm.cfsan.fda.gov/~dms/haccp-2f.html) [ 14 ] . Recent behavioral toxicity studies in rodents, have confirmed that domoic acid is a very rapid and potent neurotoxin in newborn rats, at doses far lower than in adult animals [ 15 16 17 ] . Even though hippocampal pyramidal neurons and mossy fiber terminals appear to be selectively targeted in vivo by domoic acid in rat [ 18 ] and cynomolgus monkey brain [ 19 ] , recently domoic acid was shown to affect glutamate uptake by astrocytes in vitro and " ...thus produced neurotoxicity.
Brugia, Meloidogyne and Caenorhabditis represent three separate major nematode clades (III, IV and V, respectively) [ 53 ] . Possible explanations for the discrepancy in matches are that the Brugia clusters contain a large fraction of non-coding sequences (that is, 5' and 3' UTR, unspliced introns) or have undergone more rapid molecular evolution and diversification.
A prolonged re-examination of these slides who were positive by the rapid test, but apparently had negative slides, did not reveal the presence of P. falciparum asexual parasites.
Engagement of antigen receptors on lymphocytes leads to the rapid sequential activation of non-receptor tyrosine kinases, including well-studied members of the Src and the ZAP-70/Syk families [ 1, 2].
The huge repository of biological literature, which is still growing at a rapid pace, makes it increasingly difficult for any individual to monitor exhaustively the constituent items related to a specific biological process.
For example, Reilly reports that the integration effect of a series of rapid pulses, each 10 microsec in duration with a repetition rate of 50 kHz, reduces the activation threshold by a factor of 5 relative to a single 10 microsec pulse.
The rapid deterioration of TrpEa is, in fact, apparent from differences in TrpEa from various serovars of C. trachomatis [ 43].
--change so rapid that everything is unpredictable, that the rules themselves are constantly changing.
Nested RACE-PCR (rapid amplification of cDNA ends with PCR) on Marathon kidney cDNA (Clontech) with four different primer combinations (three within known exons and one within a GeneFinder-predicted exon 5' of exon 1) and appropriate nested adaptor primers produced smears and multiple bands over several attempts.
Indeed, a rapid search of the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man database (OMIM [ 18]) for genes associated with the terms 'severe' and 'disorder' confirmed that mutations of GALC, LAMB3, GJB2, JAG1, TGFBI, LPL and LDLR were the origin of serious disorders: Krabbe disease, Herlitz junctional epidermolysis bullosa, autosomal dominant deafness - Vohwinkel syndrome, Alagille syndrome, corneal dystrophy, type I hyperlipoproteinemia and hypercholesterolemia, respectively.
The solution bathing the extracellular surface of the patch was changed using a RSC-200 rapid solution changer (Molecular Kinetics, Pullman, WA).
As previously reported, blebs form during the first phase of dye uptake, whereas rather dramatic bleb dilation is seen during the cytolysis phase of rapid dye uptake.
Mechanisms leading to rapid CD4+ T cell loss need to be further studied in future STI trials.
In adrenergic receptors, which have been characterized in detail, rapid endocytosis appears to be required for resensitization of receptors following agonist-induced phosphorylation ( 28).
However, a system to rapidly detect and report resistant organisms in individual patients should be in place to ensure a rapid response by caregivers.
His successor, a geology professor named Emil Constantinescu, promised rapid privatization and protection for an independent media.
Perhaps the most perplexing effect of IL-2 administration is a rapid (within 1 hour) and paradoxical clearance of monocytes and lymphocytes from the peripheral blood (Figure 1a).
Adjusting to the Post-Cold War Era The unexpected and rapid end of the Cold War in 1991 created trauma in the foreign policy and national security community both in and out of government.
Given the rapid rate of DNA loss for unconstrained sequences in Drosophila [ 48, 49], it is difficult to understand the mere existence of spacer intervals, as well as their conservation of length, without invoking some form of functional constraint acting on these sequences.
DOTMAC, on the other hand, caused rapid cessation of all cell activity.
Rapid expansion of retail space arose from a simple formula that had traditionally proven successful: Add more stores and revenue growth will follow.
Rapid and accurate methods are needed for the diagnosis of Plasmodium falciparum malaria [ 1 2 ] as malaria is estimated to kill between 1.4 and 2.6 million people each year [ 1 ] . WHO South East Asian regional office estimates 19500 deaths due to malaria in India annually [ 3 ] . P. falciparum infections in children may become life threatening making rapid diagnosis of extreme importance [ 4 ] . No clinical diagnostic criteria are both sensitive and specific for malaria, an undifferentiated febrile illness [ 5 ] which may result in the erroneous treatment of millions of non-malaria cases with antimalarial drugs in the absence of diagnostic malaria microscopy.
Cuff inflation and deflation was rapid (1-2 seconds) using a rapid inflation device (D.E.
All of the cells treated with vehicle alone (DMSO) before MTX exhibited the typical blebbing profile and nuclear staining indicative of rapid oncotic cell death.
This fact, together with our observation of preferential expression of Tnfrh1 mRNA in cells at the fetal-maternal boundary, highlights Tnfrh1 as a potential example of the rapid evolution of genes with functions specific to the placenta, a process postulated to be driven by conflict between fetal and maternal alleles.
This is true even though rapid depreciation and obsolescence characterize information technology.
“ Madrid de los As­tu­rias” is named for the Hapsburgs instrumental in the city’s rapid growth during the 1600s.
These difficulties led to a rapid conclusion that the information that can be best obtained from a cDNA microarray experiment is ratio information rather than absolute quantification.
The mutagens permit direct selection of clones in which cellular genes have been disrupted and simplify the characterisation of genes associated with recessive mutations [ 1 ] . Mutagenesis of embryo-derived stem (ES) cells, coupled with in vitro genetic screens, has been widely used to analyse gene functions in mice [ 1 ] . These have included screens for mutations in developmentally regulated genes [ 2 3 4 5 ] , in genes regulated by extracellular agonists [ 6 7 ] , and in genes encoding secreted and transmembrane proteins [ 8 9 ] . Characterized mutations include genes involved in intracellular trafficking [ 10 ] , transcriptional regulation [ 11 12 ] , signal transduction [ 7 8 11 13 14 15 ] , neural development [ 16 ] and neural wiring [ 17 ] , and axial patterning [ 18 19 ] . The rapid expansion of the nucleic acid databases has had a tremendous impact on the identification of genes disrupted by gene entrapment.
Since the sensitivity of the rapid tests remains high on treated patients therefore, it will be important to take patients history into consideration during routine usage of the rapid tests.
Despite this rapid progress in understanding the signals that regulate the MEN, the direct downstream targets of the MEN have yet to be apprehended.
The rapid time course of induction and sensitivity of CaT1 mRNA response to 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D treatment supports the idea that CaT1 could play a role as a gatekeeper of intestinal calcium absorption.
Sequencing of Expressed Sequence Tags (ESTs) has resulted in the rapid identification of expressed genes [ 1 ] . ESTs are single-pass, partial sequences of cDNA clones from a large number of disease and normal tissue libraries.
Retail adoption of these strategies, in turn, means suppliers must invest in a basic set of technologies to provide the information links necessary for rapid replenishment.
Settlement was much more rapid in the United States than it had been in Europe, and this has affected the place-naming patterns.
it's hard to imagine managing such a rapid change
Tourism to Bali was seen as a money-spinner: the 1970s saw a rapid increase in the numbers of foreign visitors.
But the sizable reduction in Colombia's crop means that for the first time overall coca production in the Andes is dropping at a rapid pace.
Terrorists, in turn, have benefited from this same rapid development of communication technologies.
um i do now that our rapid transit system uh is in terrible shape i mean most areas of the country we don't have anything
The Po valley’s economic expansion through land clearance and new irrigation works brought a rapid decline of feudalism.
As long as only one or two retailers required rapid replenishment, manufacturers could get away with this type of solution.
The Jerusalem Post said, in an aquatic metaphor, that Netanyahu seems to "have a penchant for steering for the worst part of each rapid, and that escaping each does not mean that he has survived unscathed.
4 Ga), and may have been global in extent [ 34 ] . It has been proposed that a major rise in oxygen at this time lowered global temperatures and may have triggered the glaciations [ 35 ] . If this is true, and given the time estimates here, the evolutionary innovation of oxygenic photosynthesis may have had a relatively rapid impact on the environment.
that's right they could they could uh they could build roads uh bridges uh uh canals uh there's there's a ton of things they can do we can take in uh they could stop start uh a rapid transit
Since then it has undergone a rapid industrialization balanced today by renewal of its cattle farming.
If this view is correct, and the kinetic conditions for rapid reactions can be sustained, perhaps by enclosure of such a reproducing system in a bounding membrane vesicle, also synthesized by the system, the emergence of self-reproducing molecular systems may be highly probable.
The rapid spread of the American fast-food mania brought with it even more eccentric words of English extraction: nakkuru , short for snack-uru `to snack,' chii-too `cheese toast,' ai-ko `iced coffee,' aitii `iced tea,' and ai-mi-tii for `iced mint tea.
In addition, trophozoites are characterized by massive hemoglobin ingestion, intake of nutrients from the surrounding medium, increasing concentration of cytoplasmic ribosomes and rapid formation of organelles.
yeah we could also uh push for legislation for uh rapid transit systems uh this country seems to be a little behind on that
It is tempting to relate the yellowhammer's name to yammer (German jammern ), referring to its fussy call, a rapid chi-chi-chi-chi-chi... chweee , traditionally rendered little-bit-of-bread-and-no-cheese.
Muscles composed primarily of fast glycolytic fibers are needed for rapid movements (e.g.
This manufacturer’s standard approach to rapid replenishment requests was simply to carry large inventories.
social changes have happened in both areas but you know is rapid i'm not sure could you tell me some of the things that's happened in your area
It's official: Over the past week, in rapid succession, the editorial pages of both the New York Times and the Washington Post endorsed what the Post called a "disarmingly simple alternative to traditional affirmative action" when it comes to college admissions.
Furthermore, one of the disadvantages of the GlycoTech chamber is that it does not have injection ports for studying the rapid effects of soluble substances on leukocyte behavior.
These data, in conjunction with observations that mRNA for BMP type IA and type II receptors are expressed in the developing sympathetic ganglia [ 29 ] , are consistent with a potential role for BMP-5 in regulating the initiation and rapid expansion of the dendritic arbor in sympathetic ganglia of perinatal animals.
A steep slope (such as in bmr3 /N3) is indicative of a more rapid progress in flowering than in cases where the slope is more gradual (such as in bmr2 /N2).
Boundary overlap analysis determined whether zones of rapid change in OPR are significantly associated with boundaries in colorectal cancer SMR.
Growth curves for the 10 females monitored until necropsy at 130 days revealed more rapid growth in exposed than in unexposed females after 115 days, with differences in body mass evident (P < 0.05) by 123 days (Fig.
We have also configured an injection port in the single pass GlycoTech chamber configuration, allowing for observation of the rapid effects of use of soluble factors.
Following stimulation with 100 μM ATP, there was a rapid translocation of EYFP-cPLA 2 to Golgi that was unaffected by U0126 (Fig.
In the current paper, we have used the Caco-2 cell culture model to demonstrate that CaT1 mRNA is preferentially expressed in the human enterocyte compared to ECaC1, and for the first time demonstrate that 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D treatment can cause a rapid and marked increase in CaT1 mRNA expression in the enterocyte.
Our data suggest that in this model, endogenous NO (derived from either iNOS or eNOS), does not significantly influence MAdCAM-1 expression, however, both rapid and slow releasing NO donors can potently inhibit the expression of MAdCAM-1 and reduce lymphocyte endothelial adhesion.
Consequently, incubation of peripheral blood lymphocytes with IL-2 induces selective activation of NK cells, rapid increase of NK activity followed by generation of LAK activity and proliferation.
Addition of bt 2 cAMP induced the rapid appearance of rounded cells with typical parietal endoderm morphology for both the wild type cells and lines A and B (Fig.
The only report showing MP-release after rapid stimulation with a physiologic agonist is the study by Hamilton et al . [ 21 ] that demonstrated MP-release from HUVEC with the complement complex C5b-9.
17 Some observers have declared that the U.S. economy has entered a new era of more rapid economic growth, and it is possible that future growth could be even more robust than CBO's baseline economic projections assume.
It must also be considered that an association between higher maternal PCB levels and decreased odds of having a male child could be produced if delivering a male child were related to more rapid excretion of maternal PCBs in some way not related to factors controlled for in our regression models.
In trained hands, our measurement procedure is reliable, accurate and rapid enough to allow large scale genetic studies of factors determining IOP.
In adults, TN, specifically TN C, is present almost exclusively in the granulation tissue of healing wounds [ 12 24 ] . In addition to providing a matrix for rapid migration of cells during wound repair, TN supports differentiation of fibroblasts into myofibroblasts [ 25 ] , which then produce more TN than do normal fibroblasts [ 15 18 ] . Because cCAF stimulates fibroblasts to differentiate into myofibroblasts, we tested the possibility that this chemokine also affects TN production.
The time dependence of the PO absorption has an initial delay of 30 to 40 minutes, followed by a relatively rapid rate of absorption that is nearly complete within about 2 hours.
To test for tight-junction formation, [ 3H]inulin was added to the medium on the apical surface, with cell-free 0.45 μm filters as a control for rapid diffusion.
A therapist instructs a toddler on his colors, flashing a rapid sequence of blocks at him.
There is a very rapid onset of action and recovery following intravenous administration of propofol.
We chose the Rip1-Tag2 line, for its phenotype of rapid, largely synchronous tumorigenesis, and its systemic tolerance, reasoning that effects of experimental manipulations could be readily distinguished.
Given the multiplicative interactions of risk factors for thromboembolic disease and the apparently untoward concurrence of two of them—the contraceptive pill and frequent road trips for the preceding 3 y—the rapid occurrence of the clinical event following initiation of the coxib suggests a causative link to the COX-2 inhibitor.
To accommodate these fluctuations and use resources evenly, it would seem reasonable to offer two tiers of service: rapid and deferred, with air transportation being used for the rapid product.
The new world of rapid throughput and endless documentation provides little time to reflect upon important clinical problems and consider fresh approaches.
The first comparison was made between spherical (8-9 mm) and tubular (15-40 mm) morphologies allowing the isolation of gene products differentially expressed during the onset of rapid trophoblastic elongation.
Skeletal muscle cells utilize the voltage sensors formed by the S4 segments to trigger a rapid elevation of cytosolic Ca 2+, thus coupling membrane excitation to muscle cell contraction.
"Yoked" or concurrent with data Assurance of the ability to collect data collections needed to test alternative interpretations and to make rapid adjustments in design
In vitro studies, carried out on NG108-15 neurohybrid cells which express large numbers of δ-opioid receptors, show that these receptors undergo a rapid agonist-induced desensitization that occurs within minutes and down-regulation that occurs more slowly over several hours ( 4, 7).
Although the diet-induced obese mice consumed more (calculated) calories than chow-fed mice during the first week on the diet (during which the most rapid weight gain was observed), by the fifth week they were hypophagic both in terms of mass of food consumed (g/day) and in calculated calories consumed (calories/day) (the chow sham-operated mice consumed 16.
Expression profiling has led to dramatic advances in understanding of yeast biology, where homogeneous cultures can be grown and exposed to timed environmental variables [ 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Such studies have led to the rapid assignment of function to a large number of anonymous gene sequences.
The world has enjoyed rapid economic growth for the past 200 years; worldwide per capita income is now 10 times what it was in 1800.
The rapid pace of technological change and innovation in the current information age poses wide-ranging opportunities for improved information management2 and enhanced performance in achieving agency missions and goals.
However, Census Bureau counts show that during the phase of rapid growth between 1982 to 1987, an equal number of firms in each size class reported job gains as losses.
What accounts for the rapid shift in opinion?
In recent years, the incidence of the disease has increased in California and Arizona, which may be partially due to the rapid immigration of previously unexposed persons from states outside the endemic areas (in other words, the pool of susceptible people has increased) [12].
I have been asked to kick off this discussion with Larry about what may be termed the rapid colonization of the Internet.
In the absence of major differences in coding sequence, this strongly suggests rapid evolution of species-specific 5' and 3'-untranslated regions (UTRs), which are longer in the human gene.
Capitol police distributed epinephrine syringes throughout the building to protect members of Congress and their staffs against peanut allergy symptoms such as throat constriction and rapid loss of blood pressure.
Both basic understanding of root-knot nematode biology and applied research toward new means of nematode control are now beginning to benefit from the rapid identification of transcribed genes in the species.
Among other things, the film led to a "magic bullet" thesis to account for a lot of wounds from three rapid shots and, later, to the "neurospasm" and "jet effect" theories to account for JFK's "head snap" reaction to the final shot.
Sepsis is associated with a rapid release of CXC chemokines by alveolar macrophages, as well as up regulation of lung vascular intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression [ 26 ] and these may contribute to the initial increase in adherent vascular neutrophils in the lung.
It certainly was last October, with a recession looming, but the rapid communications system in place today alerted the people who could do something about it, unlike the recession of '90-'91.
5-HT was dissolved in extracellular solution and delivered to cells using a rapid perfusion system (Warner Instruments, Hamden, CT) at a rate matching the extracellular solution flow rate.
In Paris, Le Figaro accused the United Nations of "letting Timor founder in chaos"; and Le Monde , calling it "an Asian Kosovo," named Portugal, Australia, and the United States as the countries which are morally obliged to form the kernel of a rapid intervention force "to stop Indonesia carrying out a new crime against humanity."
Now we seem to be engaged in a rapid rewind of the morality tape, zipping right through the age of Victoria to the time when the rules of droit du seigneur held sway.
Certain RING finger proteins are rapidly induced by elicitors in Arabidopsis and may be involved in the rapid degradation of regulatory proteins during early stages of pathogen attack [ 69 ] . Four genes encoding proteins with an F-box domain and seven different genes encoding RING/RING-H2-finger proteins, including the elicitor-induced ATL6 -like gene [ 69 ] , were identified in the stress cDNA collection.
The Web's rapid acceptance owes much to the ease with which Web pages can be created.
Java should rightly be compared to Visual Basic and other tools meant for rapid development of applications.
Our results indicate that δ-opioid receptors undergo rapid agonist-regulated endocytosis which is similar to that exhibited by a variety of peptide hormones and growth factors ( 24, 25) as well as certain G protein-coupled receptors, like β-adrenergic receptors ( 4), neurotensin receptors ( 26), or substance P receptors ( 27).
Because tax brackets and capital gains are not indexed, the combination of rapid inflation and high taxes ends up eating away most real gains.
Currently, five PPIs are marketed: rabeprazole, omeprazole, esomeprazole, lansoprazole and pantoprazole, each with a different pharmacokinetic profile, tissue selectivity, binding specificity and potential to interact with the cytochrome P450 enzyme system [ 8 9 10 ] . For example, rabeprazole and esomeprazole achieve more rapid and profound inhibition of acid secretion than do older agents [ 10 ] . It is unclear, however, if these pharmacologic differences lead to distinctions in the clinical efficacy of healing gastric ulcers and controlling ulcer symptoms.
Similarly, while Hong Kong and Singapore have been remarkably open, free-market countries, the fact that this is responsible for their rapid growth is hardly indisputable, either.
The effect of IFN-γ is dose-dependent [ 26, 27], and different concentration ranges have been shown [ 28] to allow rapid progress through the acute infection cycle (low IFN-γ concentration), to promote a stable state of persistence (medium IFN-γ concentration), or to completely resolve the infection (high IFN-γ concentration).
0020075), the initial identification three years ago of resistance mutations against imatinib led to the rapid development of alternative kinase inhibitors that work even against tumors with the resistance mutation.
More rapid myogenic differentiation was obtained in the presence of 24-h-conditioned medium from the murine myoblastic cell line C2C12 previously induced to form myotubes [14].
Several biological factors may account for the disagreement and wide range of interpretation in relation to generic circumscription and subgeneric boundaries in Artemisia and its allies, including rapid and recent diversification, reduction in floral features (associated with anemophily) with the concomitant loss of potentially useful taxonomic characters, multiple origins of woodiness [ 34 35 56 ] , and chromosomal evolution and hybridization [ 57 58 59 60 ] . In addition, most studies have focused on a limited geographic region, rather than studying the taxon worldwide.
To our knowledge, automated medical record information has not been used for rapid surveillance purposes.
Daily disease surveillance systems require rapid transmission of data, and it may not be possible to get complete data from each provider every single day.
This resulted in a relatively rapid assimilation of presentation skills.
Our previous study demonstrated that cultured HUVEC released annexin V-binding membrane MP in response to proapoptotic stimulation with CPT [ 3 ] . In the present study, we investigated whether endothelial cells release membrane MP after rapid stimulation with Ca 2+-mobilizing agents or after overnight stimulation with proinflammatory agents TNFα and LPS, or only after induction of apoptosis.
SYBR Green is a dye that fluoresces when bound to double-stranded DNA, thus signal is directly proportional to the amount of product formed during PCR amplification [ 18 23 ] . This method allows rapid and inexpensive comparison of gene expression across a large number of samples.
Binding was terminated by rapid filtration onto a GF/B filters.
Using this guide will help auditors identify critical factors not addressed by management, make a general assessment of any procurement risks, and provide rapid feedback to agency officials so they can take corrective action in a timely and efficient manner.
Cuff inflation and deflation was rapid (1-2 seconds) using a rapid inflation device (D.E.
The above factors may prevent rapid detection of changes in intramucosal P CO 2 . Therefore, several other sites have been used for tonometry.
Although these results suggest that blockade of MTX-induced responses by the U-compounds is independent of PLC, they identify these compounds as novel, potent, and rapid blockers of MTX action.
Female rabbit ventricular myocytes had a significantly slower rapid component of the delayed rectifier than did male cells, which might contribute to the gender difference in the QT interval [ 12 ] . In fact, most drugs that prolong the QTc interval have been shown to block cardiac potassium channels, especially the rapid component of the delayed rectifier [ 21 22 ] .
Studies of PP5 and its homologs in cultured cells and various organisms also suggest it may play a role in development [ 5 6 ] or during rapid cell growth [ 2 7 ] .
To accommodate these fluctuations and use resources evenly, it would seem reasonable to offer two tiers of service: rapid and deferred, with air transportation being used for the rapid product.
This approach allows rapid identification of the most conserved regions of the genome with no regard for self-complementarity of primers, optimizing melting temperature, avoiding primer dimers, etc.
These forces include: rapid technological change; the rise of alternative learning channels such as online and distance education, corporate universities, and hi-tech certification programs; the proliferation of degrees in general, and in multidisciplinary fields specifically; and a fundamental societal shift away from public service and toward entrepreneurship, profitability, and competition.
The rapid rate of sequence acquisition has revolutionized molecular biology.
A rapid scanning of the search results is useful for the identification and removal of inappropriate search strings (see below).
The rapid and irreversible effects of IFN-γ on osteoclast inhibition indicate a dominant effect of this cytokine over RANKL via induction of monocyte differentiation toward the activated macrophage fate, as opposed to the osteoclast fate, when concomitantly administered.
This change in apoptotic responsiveness may be accomplished rapidly by combining transcriptional regulation with rapid mRNA turnover of key apoptosis-regulatory genes.
Lieber and colleague observed that the "FPM" was reduced when ethanol was infused intraduodenally compared to the standard oral administration and concluded that the difference must have resulted from gastric mucosa metabolism [ 6 7 ] . This decreased FPM for the intradudenal dose is probably a result of the much more rapid time course of absorption when the ethanol is administered directly into the duodenum.
5. For at least one RP transcript (RPL9) the response to NGF is rapid; an elevation is detected within 1 hr of NGF exposure and reaches maximum regulation by 8 hrs.
Another important class of genes that might contribute to the efficacy of flavopiridol would include anti-apoptotic genes with rapid mRNA turnover (Figure 4b).
Simultaneously, rapid tests were performed by a field lab attendant after only a brief on the spot training according to the manufacturer's instructions taking about 30 minutes to provide one result without reference to the results of the thick smear and spleen.
Ppt1p levels are highest during periods of rapid growth and drop off when growth slows (Fig.
S. aureus caused a rapid and sustained up-regulation of TRAIL mRNA and TRAIL protein expression.
Increasingly accessible microarray platforms allow the unrestrained and rapid generation of large expression datasets.
41During the late 1970s and early 1980s, Social Security's expenditures regularly exceeded revenues, causing a rapid decline in the trust fund's balance and raising concerns about the program's solvency.
Transferring aphids from 0-4°C to 16°C on day 49 resulted in almost immediate katatrepsis followed by a rapid completion of development (figure 7).
The rapid and random nature of the transposition process makes it possible to generate and screen many different fusion constructs to identify those that continue to function.
It is discouraging that in this era of rapid biomedical advancement, and appropriate relegation of animal research to the historical dustbin, PLoS has chosen to re-introduce an anachronistic, medically discredited, and unethical research tool to its reporting.
Instead, it is tempting to speculate that alternative splicing may be a mechanism to regulate cellular levels of α i2 . In this model, certain conditions may favor the formation of sα i2 compared to α i2 , and the resulting rapid degradation of sα i2 would decrease the cellular content of α i2 . A precedent for such alternative splicing-dependent regulation of expression has been described for H-ras [ 34 ] . Alternative splicing occurs in H-ras, and the alternative spliced form is predicted to encode an unstable transcript and a protein product that lacks the ability to oncogenically transform cells.
The terms currently used to define the endpoints employed in the rapid, chronic and sub-chronic toxicity tests have been derived from the terms previously used for full life-cycle tests.
In all our experiments we compared domoic acid's effect with that of 10 ng/ml LPS, a potent and rapid microglia activator [ 7 ] , to clearly show that rat neonatal microglia were able to become rapidly activated and release mediators, i.e.
We have estimated in our earlier study that the threshold parasitaemia for detection by Determine test to be about 500 parasites μl [ 10 ] . However, in this study rapid test failed to detect 3 P. falciparum subjects with ≤ 1000 μl of parasites.
It is also unlikely that the oxygen release in the Gas Exchange experiment had a biological explanation, because the reaction was so rapid and persisted after heating.
Genomovars II and V have also been recovered from CF patients [ 18 ] . Of critical concern are B. cepacia 's transmissibility from one patient to another and its propensity to give rise to the B. cepacia syndrome, which results in a rapid decline in pulmonary function [ 2 18 ] . The ability of B. cepacia as well as P. aeruginosa to cause chronic bronchopulmonary infections in CF patients is exacerbated by their intrinsic or acquired resistance to many conventional antibiotics.
On the cost side, the model ignores costs associated with rapid changes in capital stocks, as well as potential loss of flexibility and interactions with the existing tax system.
Recent evidence suggests that the explosion of segmental duplications in recent primate evolution has been caused in part by the rapid proliferation of Alu elements about 40 MYA.
Furthermore, the rapid decline and fall of Arthur Andersen LLP has served as a dramatic lesson that will no doubt be the subject of many books and business school case studies.
Third, SNIP1 is co-targeted into the proteasome with Smad1, Smad4 and Az via the rapid assembly of HsN3 into the proteasome.
The NMU-induced rat model of mammary tumorigenesis is widely used for chemoprevention studies and yields rapid development of hormonally responsive mammary tumors with 100% incidence [ 2, 4, 18].
We are in a rapid descent . . . we are all over the place."
The lack of mature HsN3 in Smad1 immunoprecipitates does not reflect the inability of Smad1 to bind prosequence-less HsN3, but is likely due to either the trapping/degradation of Smad1 inside of the proteasome, or the rapid dissociation of Smad1 from HsN3.
This non-random association between a surrogate and a target's pharmacologically active site assures a high degree of probability that, once found, surrogates will have utility for the rapid development of SDAs capable of identifying small molecules of pharmacological importance.
The reaction was stopped by adding 1 ml of ice-cold binding buffer followed by rapid filtration on Inotech IH-201-A21 glass fiber filters employing an Inotech 96 well filtration manifold (Inotech Biosystems, Lansing, MI).
The nature of the interactions may depend on the tissue type, e.g., liver, brain and muscle with very long lived differentiated cells, vs. epidermis, ectocervix and vagina, where cells growth and die at a relatively rapid rate.
On a related theme, an important speciation process appears to be the extraordinarily rapid evolution of male reproductive proteins (e.g.
These characteristics make the HOOF-Print octameric repeats ideal for rapid strain typing.
Fiberoptic sensors that are used in clinical medicine for automatic and continuous measurements of blood gases [ 43, 44] have a rapid response time [ 45].
We have presented data that is the first demonstration of tumor cell lines stably transfected with an ecdysone inducible constructs tested in vivo demonstrating that in vivo these constructs coupled with GS-E allow rapid and robust induction of gene expression in tumor xenografts.
Suppression subtractive hybridization allowed isolation of candidate genes expected to be differentially expressed during rapid trophoblastic elongation.
We describe a new system for rapid identification of all repeats in genome sequences and assignment of these repeats to similarity classes.
The removal of the Pvu II site allowed rapid screening of additional patients and control samples by DNA amplification of the region and subsequent digestion of the PCR product with Pvu II.
If products were protected by patents or other intellectual property claims, the government could grant compulsory licenses (a procedure allowed by trade agreements to override monopoly rights on a patent, in return for compensation to rights owners; see Box 1) and permit rapid introduction of generic competition.
The rapid extension of the chip-based CD4 counting method described here to HIV RNA measurements, diagnostics for opportunistic infections, liver enzymes, and other biochemical markers of interest in infectious disease is feasible.
Interestingly it has been demonstrated that rapid production of ROS in endothelial cells exposed to TNFα is mediated by ceramide [ 32 ] . Ceramide is a central figure in the sphingomyelin pathway, which has also been linked to stress related signaling and apoptosis [ 33 34 ] . This report provides evidence that cytokines regulate the fate of CLENDO cells.
B. abortus strain 544: 3, 4, 6, 5, 2, 2, 4, 2) for rapid, easy, computerized identification or classification of isolates, independent of the testing laboratory involved.
The assay was terminated by rapid filtration through Whatman GF/B filters using a FilterMate cell harvester (Packard Instruments) followed by three washes, 4 ml each, with ice cold buffer.
However, persistent positive reactions upto 2 weeks following treatment [ 21 ] would not justify the introduction of rapid test as a screening test by village health workers in the region.
There thus appears to be boundary avoidance, so that zones of rapid change in breast cancer incidence aren't found near zones of rapid change in OPR; and an inverse relationship between OPR and SMR, so that high values of breast cancer incidence tend not to be found where OPR is high.
A more rapid implementation of the same approach is MaskerAid [ 8], a wrapper for WU-BLAST [ 9, 10] that uses the BLAST engine instead of the CrossMatch algorithm.
Thus a second generation of rapid test's are required which are intended to detect and distinguish P. vivax from P. falciparum.
A rapid docking procedure with flexible ligand and a grid representation of the receptor was followed by an extensive Monte Carlo energy minimization with both ligand and receptor side chains flexible (see "Materials and Methods" for details).
Microarray technologies such as the Affymetrix Genechip ®platform facilitate rapid measurement of the expression levels of thousands of transcripts in a single experiment and allow comparison of expression patterns across many samples [ 8 ] . Previous reports have described gene expression profiles in blood that distinguish patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis [ 9 ] and systemic lupus erythematosus [ 10 ] from healthy controls.
The recent development of the scanning laser Doppler technique [ 24, 25] allows the rapid measurement of flow over a large predetermined area and, by collecting reflected light via mirrors, the previously requisite probe and optic cables are dispensed with and there is no contact with the skin itself.
This means that rapid processes can be followed and a complete influx and efflux dataset is collected from one root sample, with each sample acting as its own control.
For example, simulations carried out by Reilly suggest that, using a sinusoidal stimulus, the activation threshold increases monotonically with frequency beyond a few kHz [ 15 ] . However, Reilly also reports that a series of rapid pulses, where the repetition period is short compared to the depolarization time constant (the latter being a few tenths of a millisecond), is a much more effective stimulus than a pure sinusoid.
The phyletic distribution suggests that the AcmB/LytN-like family emerged early in the Gram-positive lineage, through rapid sequence divergence.
The technological revolution has provided many tools to enhance design review processes, including computeraided design, threedimensional modeling, data collection and distribution software programs, and rapid communications systems, including the Internet.
To better appreciate the dynamic nature of bleb formation and to clearly observe the rapid nuclear staining associated with bleb dilation, we created time-lapsed movies in which the bright-field and fluorescence images were merged into a single video (Fig 2, EB.aviand Fig 3, YO-PRO.avi; Additional Data Files section).
However, there was a rapid shift in specificity and sensitivity as stringency of the analysis was increased.
The web pages were developed using JavaServer Page (JSP) technology, because of its rapid development and easy maintainability qualities in development of dynamically-generated web pages and takes advantage of the java technology provided by the Apache Tomcat server http://jakarta.apache.org/tomcat.
Centrifugation of retroviral supernatant is a potentially attractive approach to viral concentration because of the wide availability of centrifuge equipment, the simplicity of the technique, and the theoretical potential for rapid processing of large sample volumes.
Finally, due to the rapid decay of gene expression following maximal activation, this system can be easily titrated for the duration of the induction necessary by using slow release formulations such as ALZET mini pumps [ 18 ] . The postgenomic era has accentuated the need to develop methods to determine in vivo gene function in cancer and this ecdysone system may be a useful approach to address this.
4b) reveals a sharp and rapid decrease on CD4 surface expression as early as 15 min. of incubation with PMA, with a complete disappearance by 2.0 hr.
P. falciparum, only 8 (57%) were positive by rapid test.
Elongation of the conceptus is a short-lived phenomenon that results from cellular remodeling and migration, rather than through cellular hyperplasia [ 3 ] . Secretion of the conceptus produced maternal recognition signal, estrogen, occurs simultaneously with rapid elongation of the trophoblastic membrane [ 4 5 ] . Conceptus release of estrogen induces an acute phase response by the endometrium that alters the uterine environment, which may be unfavorable for less developed littermates [ 1 6 ] . Because the pig has a diffuse epitheliochorial type of placentation, rapid trophoblastic elongation provides an essential biological function to satisfy the conceptus' necessity for maximal placental-uterine contact to ensure adequate nutrient exchange throughout gestation [ 2 ] .
In the years since Platnick (1992) suggested that the world is pear-shaped from a biodiversity perspective, with more rapid declines in richness from the equator in the northern than in the southern hemisphere, evidence that there are large-scale asymmetries in the latitudinal diversity gradient has been accumulating.
The eSensor DNA detection platform successfully detected the correct HPV type in most of these clinical samples, demonstrating that the system provides a rapid, sensitive, specific, and economical approach for multiple-pathogen detection and identification from a single sample.
An additional potential benefit of rapid brain death determination is the reduction in time for the development of significant end organ dysfunction, thereby increasing the number of organs procured per donor.
The strengths of the ecdysone-inducible system appear to be its tight regulation, its dose responsiveness, and the favorable uptake and clearance kinetics of the inducer, which results in rapid gene switching.
ets-1, ets-2 and ese-1/esx . Smad7 was of particular interest as it belongs to the inhibitory Smads, which can counteract TGFβ-induced gene activation [ 23 ] . The response of the smad7 gene to TGFβ is unusually rapid [ 24 ] which is believed to stem from the peculiar nature of the Smad7 promoter that contains a "perfect" Smad binding site [ 25 ] . Another inhibitory Smad protein is Smad6.
In 4% cases the rapid test gave false negative results compared to the thick smear.
Flower development provides one example where organs of distinctive morphologies (sepals, petals, stamens, carpels) are produced in rapid succession; specification of each floral organ requires temporally and spatially refined expression of specific genes [ 1].
domestictranquility…promotethegeneralwelfare,andsecurethe and the Federal blessingoflibertytoourselvesandourposterity…"The country's aging Government to Address and increasingly diverse population, rapid technological change, and Current and Emerging Americans' desire to improve the quality of life all have major policy and Challenges to the Wellbudgetary implications for the federal government.
Although in vitro exposure of rat neonatal microglia to 10 ng/ml LPS resulted, as expected, in a rapid elevation of both TNF-α gene expression and protein release, we observed only a small effect of 1 mM domoic acid on TNF-α gene expression.
The rapid induction of tyrosine phosphorylation and its subsequent reduction paralleled the kinetics of Syk kinase activity (Figure 2B).
The aircraft was in a rapid descent.
The earlier and more rapid loss of discoidin mRNA reinforces this conclusion as discoidin is a "pulse repressed" gene [ 42 ] .
Because BMP-6 can prevent FSH action [ 12 ] , the rapid loss of BMP-6 expression may be required for FSH to exert its crucial functions during DF-development.
N90 [New York Terminal Radar Approach] controller stated 'at approximately 9:00 a.m., I observed an unknown aircraft south of the Newark, New Jersey Airport, northeast bound and descending out of twelve thousand nine hundred feet in a rapid rate of descent, the radar target terminated at the World Trade Center.
This map is based on a linked-list data structure, which allows for rapid and simple modifications to the dynamically changing repeat data.
On the contrary, rapid test indicate the presence of P. falciparum easily and accurately and since it requires no laboratory or technical equipment, a diagnostic facility can be set up in the most remote areas and in the most rudimentary way which makes it ideal for monitoring large scale control programmes in areas where malaria is a serious problem.
The Postal Service has two basic subclasses for letters and flats: First Class (originally rapid, non-bulk, and sealed against inspection) and Standard A (originally deferrable, bulk, and not sealed against inspection).
This method is much less traumatic, requires no anesthesia or surgery, and promotes rapid screening of large quantities of mice.
This phenomenon is especially probable during a time when many other rapid changes are occurring for the mother, physiologically and socially.
The first is that it is extremely rapid.
This indicates that zones of rapid change in OPR values are long and contiguous.
In the present study, the delay in normalization of the base deficit in the face of a rapid normalization of the Pe CO
These values may be more useful for evaluating divergence dates than amino-acid sequence identity because they are silent and mutation occurs in a clocklike fashion, rather than in the bursts that are thought to accompany rapid environmental changes.
In a study carried out in vivo on guinea pig ileum ( 18), the authors showed a rapid endocytosis of the μ-opioid receptor in neurons in response to etorphine stimulation but not after morphine administration.
Furthermore our observations suggest that in vivo, brain microglia as well as the mediators released by this cell type in brain tissue, would appear to play a limited role in the rapid and potent domoic acid neurotoxicity observed in neonatal rats after a short-term administration of domoic acid.
This supports the notion that DADA will also facilitate a rapid full length cloning effort after identification of interesting genes.
[ 26 ] Furthermore, the rapid inhibition of plasmin requires a non-covalent interaction between an amino-terminal site of plasmin and a carboxyl-terminal on anti-plasmin, and a second site outside the RCL of PAI-1 contributes to its specific interaction with proteases.
Our finding of a decrease in the frequency response at the highest velocity of stretch used (100 μm/msec) shows a limitation of the primary muscle spindle in coding for rapid length changes.
Within 24 hours, the patient had a rapid improvement of her diarrheal symptoms followed by resolution of her peripheral edema and lymphadenopathy.
Determination of transcription initiation sites using RNA ligase-mediated rapid amplification of 5' cDNA ends (5' RLM-RACE)
We next tested this rapid, whole blood microchip assay in a series of samples acquired in an HIV reference laboratory in Botswana.
Drugs were applied with a rapid superfusion system made from a pulled theta capillary.
With the development of emergency medicine, a need arose for evaluation scales that would provide rapid triage and objective status assessment.
