Angie, was, I've known Angie as long as Kenny and Billy, but she was more into boys for other reasons than what I was and I was just not mature enough for boys yet except to play with.
[ 38], genomes evolve from a set of precursor genes to a mature size by random gene duplications and gradual accumulation of modifications through point mutations.
In 1914, several business and community leaders met to form the first community theatre in Indiana, which has matured into the Indianapolis Civic Theatre.
The most that one could say is that they never consented and that therefore when they matured and reached the age of consent they were entitled to say no.
There is evidence that, as the Web matures, the resistance to paying for content is crumbling.
as you mature you you recognize um how to present yourself in a public situation so that you don't look like you are a victim a potential victim
And as the European Union matures, Europeans are taking advantage of opportunities to live and work in different countries.
Whatever the area comes to be called as it matures, it seems likely to be a field of spectacular success and deep importance in the coming century.
And our language is not limited: It can grow and mature, adapt, and in some cases even atrophy.
Only mature memory cells, identified by the presence of CD45RO and the loss of CD27 cell-surface expression, have the capacity to secrete IFN-γ or IL-4 alone.
The present study also suggests that exposure of neonatal mice to hypoxia may lead to more severe pulmonary hypertension than that observed in mature mice exposed to hypoxia, and this warrants further study.
The eggs turn from white to gray as they mature.
Almost all cell types express TGF-β, but the highest level of expression of TGF-β is in platelets and bone [ 3 ] . Mature TGF-β1 consists of two identical peptide chains, each containing 112 amino acids, linked via nine disulfide bonds [ 4 ] . TGF-β1 is synthesized as part of a large, latent protein complex, unable to bind to cellular receptors, with mature active TGF-β1 produced by cleavage [ 5 ] .
In the presence of either atorvastatin or simvastatin, the time course of maturation and release perfectly paralleled that observed in the absence of either drug, except that the fractional content of cellular mature holoAPP was approximately 2-fold greater in the presence of drug (i.e.
This upregulation of tyrosine phosphorylation was inhibited by preincubation with a TGFβ 1 neutralizing antibody or by blocking of α V β 6 integrin, thus again proving mature TGFβ 1 as an initial signaling ligand for α V β 6 .
The cells indicated were stimulated for ten minutes with 10 nM of either mature TGFβ 1 , tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα), laminin-1 (Lam1) or fibronectin (FN).
Some programs were less mature than others and had not fully implemented all of the practices.
Our previous studies and work by others have demonstrated that all of the in vivo differentiated IL-4-producing T cells reside within the mature memory (CD45RO +, CD27 -) subset of CD4 +T cells [ 17, 18, 19].
protocol to study subconfluent podocyte growth and podocyte growth during establishment of mature cell-cell contacts between differentiated podocytes [ 27 28 ] . Briefly, RNA and protein were extracted from parallel plates of podocytes using TRIZOL Reagent or RIPA buffer, respectively, under three conditions: 1) during sub-confluent growth at 33°C; 2) immediately upon reaching confluency (day zero); and 3) on day 14 after switching confluent cultures to 37°C.
In contrast to T cells, fragmentation of mature DC occurred more distantly from the pb/im interface, among mid intermediate layers (Fig.
Genital development was evaluated with the criteria of Tanner [ 35 ] , and was performed with a questionnaire and physical exam by an experienced physician, in which stage 1 is prepubertal, stage 2 is initial development of the genitalia, stages 3 and 4 are intermediate, and stage 5 is mature.
Although this study did not compare defined IVM medium with complex medium the results indicate that protein-free IVM medium is suitable for maturing recipient oocytes for the production of cloned embryos.
They arise late in a culture's history apparently from filaments shed from large mature structures.
The fragments shown are typical of those produced by toothpick transfer of a mature fiber into fresh medium.
The staining persisted in young syncytial aggregates (y, panels E and F) but diminished in mature ST (m, panels F and G).
Consistent with the expression of hCARΔcyt on mature CD4 +and CD8 +T cells from lines 6 and 18, all of the thymocytes in the CD4 +CD8 +double positive (DP) and CD4 +or CD8 +single positive (SP) fractions were positive for hCARΔcyt.
All known BDNF gene 5' exons are directly spliced to the common coding exon, generating mature messages that contain two exons, a single 5' non-coding and the common coding exon.
Adherent cells were transduced with an amphotropic retrovirus, DFG-hIL-1β-neo, which encodes the mature form of human IL-1β fused to the leader sequence of human parathyroid hormone to enable efficient secretion, and neomycin phosphotransferase [ 21 ] . Retroviral transductants were positively selected in complete DMEM containing Geneticin at 0.5 mg/ml.
Immunohistochemical staining was done using rabbit polyclonal antibodies raised against synthetic peptides that correspond to regions in the mature forms of TGF-β 1 , TGF-β 2 and TGF-β 3 : anti-TGF-β 1 -LC and anti-TGF-β 1 -CC [ 19], anti-TGF-β 2 (sc-90; Santa Cruz Biotechnologies Inc, Santa Cruz, CA, USA), and anti-50-60-β 3 -LC [ 20], respectively.
5. ERα immunoreactivity was highest in isolated CT cells (CT), moderate in young syncytial aggregates (yST) and virtually undetectable (not significantly different from background values) in mature syncytia (mST).
Flowering time was defined as the time to half-bloom (extrusion of mature anthers having progressed halfway down the head) and was recorded as days after planting (DAP) for each individual plant by daily survey in both locations.
A few of these cells are selected through the specificity of their antigen receptor and mature into either CD4 +CD8 -, or CD4 -CD8 +T cells which exit from the thymus.
While present, trabecular beam collagen was less abundant than in the mature eye, while elastic tissue was relatively more abundant (compare Figure 4Dand 4Eto Figure 5Fand 5G).
Newsday 's Linda Winer says Wasserstein has matured into "her own bright, eloquent and great-hearted version of George Bernard Shaw."
In one human study that considered total cell numbers (as opposed to cell density), the total number of cells increased as the TM matured.
acidic balanced clean aged big cloying alcoholic bitter common aromatic bland complex astringent bouquet corky austere chalky creamy baked character crisp deep lively sensuous delicate maderized sharp developed manly simple disciplined mature small dry meager smoky earthy mealy smooth elegant medium soft empty mellow solid evolved metallic sound fat mineral sour feminine moldy spicy fierce mossy steely fiery musky stiff fine noble stony finesse nutty strong firm oaky sturdy flabby odd stylish flat off succulent flowery old sugary forceful ordinary supple foxy overripe sweet fragile peppery syrupy fragrant perfumed tangy fresh positive tannic fruity powerful tart full-bodied prickly tender gassy pungent thin gay racy unbalanced gentle rare unharmonious graceful refreshing unripe grapy rich velvety hard ripe vigorous harmonious robust watery harsh rough weak hearty round wild heavy rugged withered honest salty woody hot sappy young insipid savory zestful light scented little semisweet 
In this protocol, normal podocytes are growth-arrested 4-5 days after initial confluence and are fully differentiated with mature cell-cell contacts approximately 10 days later.
But just as most comic book readers move on to other forms of literature (despite Art Spiegelman's unconvincing plea that "they're really illustrated novels"), most voters in a mature democracy demand more from candidates than a packaged personality and a glib slogan.
Mutations do eventually accumulate on the non-miRNA-encoding arm, and orthologous pre-miRNAs from more diverged species will often preserve only the 21-24 nucleotide mature miRNA itself.
The New York Times Book Review 's Brooke Allen says it is "[p]roof that Morrison continues to change and mature in surprising new directions."
To establish a situation of chronic IL-1β stimulation as might be encountered in an arthritic joint, experiments were designed like that described for Figure 4, but in this case the source of IL-1β was provided by the addition of dermal fibroblasts genetically modified to constitutively secrete mature human IL-1β.
In its favor: 1) It's the first movie in a long time to have a sexy and mature female lead, the 45-year-old Rene Russo.
Text mining is ready to deliver handling of complex terminology and nomenclature as a mature service.
Instead, she was instantly mature, prolific, and publishable.
In porcine ovaries, LHR expression was detected in granulosa and theca cells of preovulatory follicles, but not in granulosa lutein cells of the mature CL [ 27 ] . In human ovaries, LHR expression was also detected in granulosa and theca cells of preovulatory follicles, but mature CL showed strong expression in luteal cells, which disappeared during luteal regression.
It would be a fitting reward for Bird if his mature, Calvinist style did catch on around the league.
There was no discernable difference in the ability of Hoxc-8 transgenic chondrocytes to grow or mature in this system (compare to Figure 1, Panels A-H).
I hope that, as Microsoft matures, so will its attitude toward standards and cooperation.
null mutation) [ 26 ] . Mutation may alter the post-translational processing of the enzyme only for the asparagines-linked high-mannose groups but not the mature oligosaccharides.
Having reached this mature configuration, a person continues to pile up grains of experience, building on the existing base.
Normal mature placentae, placental type 1 (PT1), show strong Thy-1 expression in the villous core, and relatively small lumen of sinusoids; expression of cE variants is low.
It's always nice to be noticed, but Ebert's implication--that it's silly to be conflicted about the work of an artist, even one whose technical and emotional smarts have matured at different rates--is willfully obtuse.
Candidate mature miRNA sequences were defined by the bounds of the perfectly conserved sequence.
As cells mature, however, they switch on some parts of those instructions, and switch off others.
We incubated BxPC-3 cells with mature TGFβ 1 and observed an association on the cytoskeleton connected with integrin α V β 6 and activation of p125 FAK(Figure 4).
' Other loanwords which have acquired changed meanings include chitra `axis deer,' from citra `spotted'; hathi `gray,' from hathi `elephant'; pukka `genuine, reliable, good,' from pakka `cooked, ripe, mature'; puttee `soldier's legging,' from patti `bandage'; pyke `civilian at whose expense a soldier is treated,' from payik `messenger'; and toddy `type of hot drink,' from tari `palmyra palm juice.
Oöcytes mature in a wave proceeding gradually posteriad as the season progresses.
The notoriously potty-mouthed rap/metal quintet matures a bit on the follow-up to its 1997 debut, Three Dollar Bill, Y'All$ . The band occasionally departs from its hard-core speed metal and ventures into "melodic interludes, user-friendly grooves, and actual harmonious vocals" (Lorraine Ali, Rolling Stone ). The lyrics, by singer Fred Durst (who clambers out of a toilet during the band's stage act), are "still the stuff of monochromatic dude talk," but sometimes they hint at something deeper--like when "the formerly promiscuous singer confesses his shame for past recreational nookie sessions" (Ali).
In the present study, 7.6% of reconstructed embryos produced by transferring confluent adult somatic cells into enucleated M II oocytes matured in the protein-free medium developed to the blastocyst stage.
During her brief and brilliant mid-'80s career in rock 'n' roll Comstockery, she convinced some labels to affix "voluntary" warning labels to mature material--a ratings system that many younger listeners embraced as a sort of Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval.
These are best practices and indicate that the product design is mature and the program is ready to begin production of units for operational use that will meet the cost, schedule, and quality goals of the program.
Prudie thinks, overall, that if this is the young lad's only negative, you should learn to roll with the punches (or burgers, in your case) and hope that his maturing will ameliorate your problem.
Both proteolytic cleavage (via MPP and/or IMP complexes) and chaperonin help (mt-HSP70/Ssc2p) in membrane trafficking and/or folding are needed for the mature frataxin protein to arrive at its destination in the matrix in its proper conformation.
Only later, with the benefit of Speaker Newt Gingrich's GOP Convention instruction (see above), did I come to realize that what we had here was no less than the fulsome gift from a mature Freedom to the island's youth.
(2004) present data linking Msx1 function to microtubule disassembly during the process of salamander myofiber cellularization and fragmentation (myofibers are formed from myotubes and represent the completely mature form of the differentiated skeletal muscle cell).
Critics are surprisingly positive about the singer/songwriter/best-selling poet/soon-to-be film actress' second album after the 8 million copy selling Pieces of You . Musically she has matured, and her trademark folksy-bluesy-pop songs are dubbed "sweet, soulful" (Veronica Chambers, Newsweek ). The lyrics, however are said to be full of hokey self-helpisms, and the album "overflows with advice intended to be inspirational" (Jon Pareles, the New York Times ). (Buy the album online.)
Since mature β subunits are only found in the 20S proteasome [ 19 ] , the detection of the mature form of the Flag-tagged HsN3 assured us that the exogenous Flag-tagged HsN3 proteins are normal in their ability to be incorporated into the 20S proteasome.
For indirect immunofluorescence, 10 4cells were cultured on glass coverslips, stimulated with 10 nM mature TGFβ 1 for 10 minutes, stained as described [ 66 67 ] and viewed using a Zeiss LSM-510 confocal microscope.
Our data suggests that Smad1 and Az both interact with HsN3 only before HsN3 is fully incorporated into the mature 20S proteasome.
However, many of the proteins comprising the mature egg proteome have yet to be identified.
Thus in our transgenic animals, aberrant Wnt activation appears to be limited to mature, postmitotic neurons.
There is a time course therefore when fibers are formed, mature, condense to ball-like forms and ultimately decay.
In the UK, in particular, some scientists seemed concerned that their mature and respected system for funding research risked dilution.
Since production of placental hormones is characteristic of mature syncytium [ 5 9 11 53 54 ] , which shows in vivo cytoplasmic ERβ expression only, one may also assume that estrogens stimulate production of placental hormones by ST.
The surviving sequences (as few as 5% of the germline sequences) reside on many small MAC chromosomes, which are then highly amplified to the level of the mature MAC.
Targeted null Brn3c mutants have no mature hair cells [ 1 2 ] . Close examination has revealed that some 'immature' hair cells form in Brn3c null mutants and express cellular markers such as Myosin VI and VIIa, calretinin and parvalbumin [ 3 ] . Furthermore, these immature hair cells of Brn3c null mutants undergo apoptosis in neonates [ 3 ] . Consistent with an apparent absence of mature hair cells, initial work suggested that all vestibular and most spiral ganglion cells are lost by postnatal day 14 (P14; [ 1 ] ). However, more detailed quantification by others [ 3 ] reported that at P4 about 77% of vestibular neurons and only 29% of spiral neurons are lost.
The adult testis is a complex organ consisting of numerous different somatic cell types as well as germ cells at all stages of spermatogenesis from the gonocyte stem cells to the mature sperm cells [ 18 ] . Consequently, several unique gene populations, including those involved in the regulation of meiosis, as well as those specific to the various testicular cell types, are expressed in the testis.
The HSPs and chaperones found in the mature egg may represent a maternal stockpile of such folding machinery.
The origin of this expression pattern can be traced from the mesectoderm anlage in statu nascendi, to the mesectoderm anlage, to the mesectoderm (or midline primordium) and, finally, to the mature midline glial cells (Figure 6b).
SC is first evident around P10 and appears structurally mature around P14.
The first oöcytes to mature during the spawning season are located in the anterior end of the ovary.
In a mature microfluidic device with push-button operation, results should be available in less than 10 min, and thus can be used to make real-time clinical decisions at the point of care.
Future studies designed to understand IFN-γ signaling in mature osteoclasts are needed to resolve this issue.
Notably, tyrosine phosphorylation of cytoskeletally anchored proteins is further enhanced after combined treatment with mature TGFβ 1 and fibronectin in TGFβ 1 sensitive cells (Figure 3).
The cells indicated were stimulated for ten minutes with 10 nM of either mature TGFβ 1 , tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα) or fibronectin (FN).
Second, the final maturation of the 20S proteasome resulted from the assembly of two half proteasomes into the four stacked ring structure could trap the already bound Smad1 inside the proteasome for rapid degradation or lead to the dissociation of Smad1 from mature 20S proteasome due to the inaccessibility of Smad1 binding site on the incorporated HsN3.
Second, it is the only confirmed Drosophila miRNA that deviates from the expected pattern of divergence in two fundamental ways: it not only contains a mismatch on the arm while maintaining a perfectly conserved loop (and thus failed the conservation filter as a class 5 candidate), but the mismatch actually resides within the mature miRNA sequence itself.
It has been suggested that oogonia which have matured to oocytes are less susceptible to degeneration as pregnancy advances [ 2 ] . A prominent role for the aromatic hydrocarbon receptor (e.g.
The program achieved design stability before moving into system demonstration by incorporating mature technologies and components from other missiles and munitions, using engineering prototypes to demonstrate the design, holding a series of design reviews prior to the system level critical design review, and completing and releasing 95 percent of the engineering drawings at that time.
A full length murine cDNA representing Langerhans cell protein 1 (LCP1) was originally cloned from maturing epidermal Langerhans cells, while its human homologue KIAA0737 was cloned from human brain [ 29 ] as was a cDNA encoding TNRC9 (also known as CAGF9) [ 32 ] . Searches of the EST database confirm that all family members are expressed at the level of mRNA, and we have shown that KIAA0808 is expressed at the level of protein using a cross-reactive anti-TOX antisera (data not shown).
The CASP results indicate that structure prediction methods have matured to a point where they can be applied on a genome-wide scale, and that these structures can be used with novel but straight-forward approaches to annotate and understand function [ 54 55 60 61 ] . The resulting models and annotations, when combined with other genomic/proteomic data, including that from gene expression arrays [ 62 ] , genome-wide two-hybrid experiments [ 63 ] , and other proteomics studies [ 64 ] , will provide us with a dynamic picture of organismal structure, function, and evolution [ 65 ] .
Finally our present work leads us to speculate, pending further results, that the present classification of aggregation pathways may also map onto more functional concepts, such as "preliminary induction" (the laminin pathway) and "maturation and stabilization" (the agrin pathway; see also [ 38 ] ). This tentative classification is based principally on the observation that agrin, in the absence of laminin, gives rise to structured receptor nanoaggregates, so that it seems in a sense to be a complete stimulus, while laminin-1 appears to take receptors only part of the way toward mature and stabile receptor aggregates, based on structure and additional criteria already discussed.
We also confirmed the purity of the commercially available mature TGFβ 1 used in these experiments by silver stained non-reducing SDS-PAGE, with latent TGFβ 1 as control (Figure 6B).
In addition, adult F344 rats were tested for evidence of an endogenous rhythm of photoperiodic responses, by assessing whether mature rats that had become insensitive to short winter photoperiods would regain sensitivity in constant short photoperiod.
The ciliary processes and iris had an apparently mature structure by P10.
(ii) Mutation of the putative RNAseH active site residues in both Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) and duck hepatitis B virus (DHBV) P blocks synthesis of mature hepadnaviral DNA and results in the expected RNA:DNA heteroduplex [ 19, 21, 22, 23].
During meetings with these representatives, we obtained a detailed description of the processes and practices they believed necessary and vital to mature a product design and get manufacturing processes under control.
Dendritic cell precursors (arrows) and mature DC (black arrowheads) were stained.
The cellular source of this increase in serum levels, and the reasons that ProCT and its component peptides are not processed to the mature hormone, are unknown.
In addition, with knowledge of existing components, it can focus attention on maturing the new content, the higher risk element of the new product.
The practices are not new ideas in the general management of organizations, but rather are the application of well-founded principles in the maturing area of information technology and management.
The cells indicated were stimulated for ten minutes with 10 nM of either mature TGFβ 1 , tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα), or fibronectin (FN).
A growth plan is developed to mature the product's reliability over time through reliability growth testing so that it has been demonstrated by the time production begins.
In contrast, in the TGFβ 1 -resistant AsPC-1 and Capan-1 cells, the interaction of mature TGFβ 1 with α V β 6 integrin resulted in an immobilization of high molecular weight proteins to the cytoskeleton without tyrosine phosphorylation (Figure 2).
The best experimentally documented case is the existence of a large subset of mammalian ORs transcribed in testes and expressed on the surface of mature spermatozoa, suggesting a possible role for ORs in sperm chemotaxis [ 36, 37, 38, 39].
Eventually the mature vacuoles form (Fig.
The stem cell population must be exquisitely regulated to ensure sufficient self-renewal as well as commitment to progenitor cells which can give rise to mature erythrocytes, platelets, lymphocytes, granulocytes, and macrophages.
The cells indicated were stimulated for ten minutes with 10 nM of either mature TGFβ 1 , tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα), or fibronectin (FN).
However, this suppression is dependent on SecB [ 5 ] . Therefore, there are characteristics of the mature portion of PhoA that promote recognition by SecB, and this recognition is essential for PrlA-mediated suppression.
The evidence that the authors provide for these cells being differentiated includes analysis of gene expression, surface antigens, and immunocytochemistry typical of the mature tissues.
Using an antiserum to CT which recognizes the free mature CT, the immature CT within the ProCT molecule, and the conjoined CT:CCP-1 peptide, we have demonstrated that levels of serum total iCT are also elevated in the septic hamster.
unknown, but it may have a role in cell division [ 11 ] . RNase P, which consists of the protein subunit RnpA and a catalytic RNA subunit, is essential for generating mature tRNAs by cleaving the 5'-terminal leader sequences of precursor tRNAs [ 16 ] . rpmH encodes ribosomal protein L34, and DnaA is the initiator protein for chromosome replication.
In blocking experiments, cells were preincubated with either a TGFβ 1 -RII-blocking antibody (R&D Systems # AF-241-NA, 15 μg/ml for 30 min), α V and β 6 -blocking antibodies (Santa Cruz, sc-6617 and sc-6632 respectively, 1:100 each for 30 min), or the MEK1 inhibitor PD98059 (New England Biolabs # 9900S, 7.5 ng/ml for 10 min) before stimulation with mature TGFβ 1 .
PTGS and trans-silencing are similarly intertwined in other cases, for example in the epimutable petunia CHS41 locus [ 10 ] . PTGS often leads to DNA methylation, although primarily in coding regions [ 35 ] . However, DNA methylation of promoters, more easily aligned with transcriptional silencing, can be RNA mediated if suitable double stranded RNA versions of the promoter sequence are transcribed, either fortuitously or by design [ 36 37 38 39 40 ] . Therefore, there may be a natural tendency for PTGS loci to mature to TGS and associated trans-silencing, which in turn could prove problematic in applying PTGS in commercial plant breeding programs.
Above interface, the mature DC (yellow arrowhead) accompany fragmentation of T cells (yellow arrows).
In summary, these tracing data suggest that mature hair cells are not necessary to direct fiber outgrowth and to maintain some fibers at least up to 6 months in the apex of the cochlea.
This work is important to me because it demonstrates not only that it is possible to create uniform arrays of protein biomolecules using biomolecular scaffolds, but the study also emphasizes the important role that molecular biology will undoubtedly play as the field of nanotechnology matures.
This is partly due to limited documentation of the sequence of events underlying iridocorneal angle development and limited documentation of the mature angle structures in mice.
Spermatogenesis is a complex developmental process in which male germ cells progress through mitotic proliferation, meiotic division and dramatic morphological changes to form mature sperm.
However, ligament tearing occurred from skeletally mature rabbits with the strain rate from 0.011 to 222 %/sec [ 14 ] .
Gad1 mRNA translation or protein stability can be regulated in mature neurons by the level of GABA [ 30, 31].
Thus, mature IL-4-secreting effector cells were found to be decreased in the RA synovium but not in the blood.
Binding of mature TGFβ 1 to α V β 6 integrin exerts several downstream effects in TGFβ 1 -sensitive cells (Figure 9).
The data presented here indicate that phylogenetically and ontogenetically developed hierarchy of mesenchymal cells (MDC, pericytes, T cells) and immunoglobulins (IgM, IgG) accompanies differentiation of epithelial cells from immature into the mature and aged phenotype.
Nuclei in insulin + cells were not stained by an antibody to Ki67 (see Figures 2 and 4B), suggesting that insulin + cells at stage 4 are post-mitotic, like mature pancreatic β-cells.
This regeneration failure appears not to be due to intrinsic limitations of mature neurons to grow axons but, rather, to nonpermissive properties of the CNS environment [ 2].
However, it has been reported recently that morphologically normal M I spindles are formed but further meiotic progression does not occur in porcine oocytes matured in a cytochalasin B-containing medium [ 38].
A role for BMP-5 in dorsal forebrain patterning has been proposed based on its expression in the dorsal midline of the developing forebrain and observations that ectopic expression of BMP-5 in the developing neural tube of chicks markedly downregulates ventral markers while maintaining dorsal markers [ 5 7 ] . Further support for BMP-5 regulation of early forebrain development has been provided by studies of Bmp5/Bmp7 double mutants [ 6 ] . However, reports that BMP-5 in the mouse brain exhibits peak expression levels in the adult striatum and brainstem and that maximal expression in the hippocampus and cerebellum occurs at E18 through PN1 and again in the mature nervous system [ 3 ] , suggest additional roles for BMP-5 during later stages of neural development and into adulthood.
From the schematic, the design matures into final construction documents comprising the plans and specifications from which equipment procurement and construction bids can be solicited.
However, strong ERα expression is apparent in early culture (top inset E), and persists thereafter (top inset F), apparently due to the lack of mature syncytium formation.
In addition, the ability to achieve design stability at the critical design review allowed program officials to focus the system demonstration phase on maturing the manufacturing processes.
Thus, mature NMDA receptors, which contain more NR2A subunit, have a faster decay time than immature receptors which contain more NR2B subunits [ 20, 44].
To determine whether binding of mature TGFβ 1 leads to integrin-mediated signaling, we looked at the status of integrin-cytoskeleton-associated proteins [ 66 67 ] after incubation with mature TGFβ 1 in selected carcinoma cell lines with different degrees of sensitivity to TGFβ 1 (Table 1).
Consideration of nucleotide bias at the 5' end of miRNA (including a propensity to begin with U) may improve predictions [ 11 ] , although we stress that our algorithms were designed to predict pre-miRNA genes and not mature miRNA sequences themselves.
Premenarcheal with some secondary sexual development (stage 2); premenarcheal at the time of study but attained menarche within 6 months (stage 3); postmenarcheal with secondary sexual development not yet mature (stage 4); and postmenarcheal with secondary sexual development (stage 5).
In the mid follicular phase, p27 staining was restricted to the nuclei (white arrow, panel B), but during the luteal phase, when the influence of estrogens is accompanied by progesterone, the nuclear p27 diminished (black arrow, panel C), and mature and aged epithelial cells showed surface p27 expression, similar to that in all types of muscle fibers.
The lack of most of these endogenous proteasome components in the immunoprecipitates of the two deletion version of HsN3 whose prosequences have been artificially removed via deletions indicates that the prosequence of HsN3 is also important for its successful assembly into the mature 20S proteasome.
studied the effect of strain rate on MCL failures in skeletally immature and mature rabbits.
Secretory maturation toxicity is one possible mechanism for elevated levels of intracellular mature holoAPP and causes retarded conversion of mature holoAPP to sAPP α . This pattern was not observed following statin treatment, excluding maturation toxicity as a mechanism underlying the altered levels of mature cellular holoAPP.
We did not exhaust all possible factor combinations in our study: we speculate that further method refinements may improve the efficiency of NS conversion into IPCs, as well as IPC insulin synthesis and stimulus–secretion coupling, the hallmark functions of mature β-cells.
The LC antibody usually stains intracellular TGF-β 1 , whereas the CC antibody stains extracellular TGF-β 1 . Anti-TGF-β 2 (sc-90; Santa Cruz Biotechnologies Inc) was raised to a peptide corresponding to residues 72-99 of the mature TGF-β 2 . Anti-TGF-β 3 (anti-50-60-β 3 -LC) was raised against residues 50-60 of mature TGF-β 3 [ 20].
In the epididymides of both humans and macaques the protein was localized to the principal cells of the epithelium and in the heads of maturing sperm (positive control).
Here, we show that binding of mature TGFβ 1 to α V β 6 integrin resulted in an association of the cytoskeleton (Figure 10).
Recombinant human proteins (mature TGFβ 1 , TNF-α, Fibronectin and Laminin 1) were purchased from R&D Systems.
Companies we visited matured a product's reliability through these tests and demanded proof that the product would meet the customer's reliability expectations prior to making a production decision.
Our data strongly suggest that mature TGFβ 1 associates with α V β 6 integrin (additional file 1, 2, 3and 4).
um onions and garlic sometimes i'll put other things you know because the onions and garlics will mature in June or July
San Agustín is a restrained area of apartments, catering for more mature and discerning vacationers.
But as I've grown older and matured I've decided I'm going to let my kid be who he wants to be.
The aims of this work were to determine the developmental profile of the mouse iridocorneal angle to its mature form and to assess the role of cell death in modeling the angle recess and TM.
Whether you are a recent or not-so-recent graduate, I invite you to watch us grow as a maturing urban university on the go!
That is to say, the cell carries out a wide variety of molecular activities, including the turning on and o of transcription of genes into RNA; the processing of that RNA into mature messenger RNA; the translation of that RNA into proteins, the activities of many of those proteins as enzymes to catalyze reaction, the modification of the activities of enzymes by chemical events such as phosphorylation and dephosphorylation; the building of structural components such as bilipid membrane, and microtubule assembly and disassembly; and the construction of proteins and other receptors.
The concepts he invokes--"quiet faith," "mature patriotism," "ordinary duties," "morality writ small," "soft multiculturalism"--proclaim a preference (both his and his subjects') for the middle way.
The importance of the Tec kinases in antigen receptor signaling was first demonstrated by the observation that mutations in BTK result in the human disease X-linked agammaglobulinemia (XLA) and the murine counterpart X-linked immunodeficiency ( xid ). These severe B cell immunodeficiencies are characterized by diminished numbers of mature B cells and reduced immunoglobulin levels associated with impaired PLC-γ activation and Ca ++mobilization in response to surface IgM stimulation (sIgM) [ 8, 9, 10, 11].
and then as i matured a little bit you know i was more interested in what are the insurance benefits you know
"A mature woman is married to a man who is a perpetual adolescent; he is clever and good with words, but lacks a sense of self-worth, and relieves his depression with recurrent affairs of varying importance."
If the network paradigm is as mature and superior as proponents claim, asks Gates, how can the government deem Microsoft an entrenched monopoly?
The world has already praised the Brothers as creators of clever, catchy dance tracks, but Surrender will finally make the public respect these guys as mature, intelligent and enterprising musicians" (M.
He wears a steel mask over a helmet whose bill points backward, a style that invariably makes even the most hardened, mature catcher seem oddly juvenile, a man who failed to grow up.
I think what we have here is a rare glimpse of the "more mature Monica," the one that she used to exercise when she would offer Bill Clinton her ideas concerning educational reform.
My wife of eight years is starting to make me wonder if she is mature enough to even be married.
Malcolm matured earlier than I; my occasional lapses into juvenility pain him.
The baroque rhetorical tricks buried in Hitler's most heinous utterances help us make the most difficult of biographical connections--the one between the mature Hitler and the young one.
Critics have been falling all over themselves to announce that  All About My Mother  marks Pedro Almodóvar's arrival as a mature, world-class director.
The age of business heroes was over: "With the rise of the modern corporation, the emergence of the organization required by modern technology and planning and the divorce of the owner of capital from control of the enterprise, the entrepreneur no longer exists as an individual person in the mature industrial enterprise."
This system produces mature plants in four to six weeks instead of the several months required under ordinary growing conditions.
This book (the possession of which may become a substitute for reading it, to paraphrase Anthony Burgess in The New York Times Book Review ) should appeal to anyone over the age of thirty who has developed a sufficiently mature sense of reality to become a cynic.
From this point on, anybody who undertakes any sort of American literary history will have to come to terms with Powell's achievement--15 more-or-less mature novels; close to a dozen plays, hundreds of short stories, book reviews, and occasional pieces; a magnificent diary that spans 35 years; and well over a thousand letters.
Industry honchos protested that "cigar smokers are mature, well-informed adults who smoke on an occasional basis."
I would certainly hope, however, that resources would continue to be dedicated to innovation in this arena until the technologies had matured to the point where they were clearly superior and worthy of becoming a standard.
Some people feel that Pynchon is a cerebral writer, and his fans are mature in age and temperament.
It is a commonplace of literary history that the emergence of autobiography in the West reflects the development of the mature, individuated, self-aware self.
The good news is that they are prime candidates for high-technology management--they only have to get older, not more mature.
One Nation, After All is full of the very qualities its author imputes to the people: ordinary virtue, mature patriotism, and quiet faith.
But in 1946 something suddenly happened: Pollock's nauseous swirls and lugubrious slatherings stepped into a phone booth and re-emerged as his mature "all-over" style.
At one end of the black box you put in a simple cell, the fertilized egg, and out of the other you get a sheep, an earthworm, a human--a mature animal of staggering structural complexity.
Probably the most striking change, though, is how much more quickly children are maturing.
Hands on hips, he pauses, then strides toward another of those situations in which maturing Gen-Xers will inevitably find themselves, as we hear the only other bit of narration in the spot: "These are those pants ...
Praise goes to Kirstie Alley, who plays an aging ex-model now in the lingerie business: "Less frenetic than Lucy, more mature than Mary" (Richard Corliss, Time ). The Washington Post 's Tom Shales dissents, calling Alley unwatchably neurotic and "in a virtually perpetual feverish tizzy."
4), which contain LHR+ CL at various stages of development and regression, and developing and mature preovulatory follicles.
So, voilà !--Jesse Helms has matured into a diplomat.
Only integrins that have bound their ligands are anchored to the cytoskeleton [ 64 65 ] . In our experiments, mature TGFβ 1 , α V β 6 integrin, and F-actin colocalize (Figure 1), suggesting association with and activation of this integrin.
Cells in mature animal tissues are not, as we had thought, irreversibly differentiated.
The ecdysone hormones do not affect mammalian physiology like glucocorticoids or progestins and are not known to be toxic or teratogenic like tetracycline [ 11 ] allowing their use in both developmental studies with transgenic animals as well as in the context of gene therapy and tumor biology studies in mature animals.
VERBATIM makes an excellent gift, at any time of the year, for mature, intelligent people interested in language.
IL-2 was initially identified by virtue of its T cell growth factor activity, and IL-2 is now recognized as the pivotal cytokine in promoting mature peripheral T cell proliferation [ 36 37 ] . Therefore, to initiate the identification of the genes responsible for lymphocyte activation, we chose first to delineate the genetic mechanisms of IL-2 action.
As Flytrap II enters Week II, it is segueing gracefully into the second stage of scandal: The initial glee of Clinton's enemies has matured into thoughtful magnanimity.
Joining by entwining also occurs when intact mature macrofibers with loops at their ends meet [ 9 ] . The resulting structures are irregular in diameter along their length reflecting differences in the diameter and/or topology of the two initial partners.
Australia's Sydney Morning Herald presented the weekend's events as "the logical conclusion to the late-20 th century drama which has been quietly corroding the old certainties of political power throughout the world's mature democracies.
This entire process from epithelial cell to mature fiber cell is defined as lens differentiation.
What's interesting here isn't Maslin's personal life but the fact that her youthful writing on Joni Mitchell, say, or Elvis Costello carries more conviction, and therefore more weight, than her mature work on the movies.
This site-specific HLA-DR secretion is particularly evident when DC precursors are compared with inactive MDC in lamina propria (Ip) or mature DC in intermediate epithelial layers (arrowheads).
The founding fathers were "the most remarkable group of men in history--sensible, broad-minded, courageous, usually well-educated, gifted in a variety of ways, mature, and long-sighted, sometimes lit by flashes of genius."
Portable Network Graphic (PNG) File showing enhanced cytoskeletal immobilization and tyrosine phosphorylation of cellular proteins in response to stimulation with mature TGFβ 1 . Cytoskeletally anchored α V β 6 was immunoprecipitated after TGFβ 1 stimulation (10 nM for 10 minutes) followed by Western analysis with antibodies against tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins (A) or Western blotting after biotinylation of all proteins and streptavidin detection (B).
"No one could describe what was true in Kansas and Missouri," the newly mature Lidie announces at the end.
During cellular synthesis of TGF-β, a small latent complex containing the latency-associated peptide and the mature TGF-β is synthesized.
What's particularly noteworthy, and a sign that the papers are maturing when it comes to market swings, is that, on a relatively slow news day, no other paper fronts the story.
As TM development proceeds the cellular mass differentiates, organizes and develops channels to produce the mature meshwork.
By then Kremlinology had matured and the American press had all of Khrushchev's names right, though there were several ways to transliterate and pronounce them in English.
The lack of mature HsN3 in Smad1 immunoprecipitates does not reflect the inability of Smad1 to bind prosequence-less HsN3, but is likely due to either the trapping/degradation of Smad1 inside of the proteasome, or the rapid dissociation of Smad1 from HsN3.
The 81-year-old author's latest is admired as a "mature work": same old Bellovian subject (Jewish man brooding over a woman), but a more subdued, elegiac tone.
In the mature CL, granulosa lutein cells showed diminution of cytoplasmic LHR immunoreactivity and strong surface staining (Fig.
Live Flesh , about a man who accidentally shoots his lover's husband, is deemed the director's "most mature film yet" (Jack Mathews, Newsday ). While the critics like Almodóvar's foray into political commentary--he indicts the Franco regime and Spain's ruling conservative party--they wax most enthusiastic over his signature touch: kinky sex scenes.
These unspliced transcripts may arise from nuclear rather than mature cytoplasmic mRNA sequences.
Critics slam her voice as "false and ungainly" (Jonathan Levi, the Los Angeles Times ) and complain that her diary is tainted by ideas and language that sound awkwardly mature.
This Vg1 localization element (VLE) is sufficient for the migration and clustering of Vg1 mRNA to the vegetal cortex of mature oocyte.
One channel described in the brochure as "tasteful adult programming for mature audiences" I can vouch for as being very clean.
Recombinant mature TGFβ 1 does not contain a RGD motif, and thus binding of TGFβ 1 to the α V β 6 integrin and the subsequent activation of this integrin must rely on a novel motif distinct from RGD.
Mailer recognized that this reaction was not very mature, but Mailer had bigger things to worry about than minding his literary manners.
They progress to mature ball-forms just as clonal fibers grown in isolation do.
. And it's very unlikely that in the future everything will look like software--indeed, it's much more likely that eventually the information sector itself will turn into a boring mature industry.
‘Retrotransposition’ describes the integration of reverse transcribed mature RNAs at random sites in a genome.
“Our experiments indicate that the loss of Nde1 causes neurons to mature prematurely.
There, increased numbers of mature monocytes might increase cartilage and bone destruction.
Nonetheless, it is clear that the selective pressure on the non-miRNA-encoding arm is mild, and that it diverges long before the sequence of the mature miRNA does.
At this stage, the wounds are closed and are beginning to remodel in the cCAF-treated wounds while the granulation tissue in the control wings is still maturing.
For example, PP5 is a major component of mature glucocorticoid receptor complexes of higher eukaryotes and appears to regulate glucocorticoid receptor function in vivo [ [ 34 ] and references therein].
The RA synovium appears to contain an increased number of phenotypically mature memory T cells as compared with the blood.
Although the biological mechanisms underlying the inverse association between menarcheal age and adult obesity are uncertain, it has been suggested that early maturing girls may have a longer period of positive energy balance [ 1 ] , or that various endocrine factors influence both the rate of sexual maturation and the accumulation of body fat [ 6 ] . However, it is also possible that the apparent influence of menarcheal age on adult obesity reflects the underlying importance of childhood obesity, with relatively fat children at increased risk for both early menarche [ 7 9 13 14 15 ] and adult obesity [ 7 16 ] .
Furthermore, we show in vivo and in vitro that ERα+/ERβ- CT cells differentiate into ERα+/ERβ+ young and ERα-/ERβ+ mature ST aggregates.
CT is initially biosynthesized as a larger ProCT polypeptide which is subsequently cleaved enzymatically into its components, including the mature, active hormone (Fig 1).
The commercial companies GAO visited achieved success in product development by first achieving a mature, stable design supported by completed engineering drawings during an integration phase and then by demonstrating that the product's design was reliable and critical manufacturing processes required to build it were in control before committing to full production.
This aggregation can be detected within several hours of stimulation by a nerve terminal or by alternative stimuli, and is crucial to the function of the mature synapse in that it ensures both speed and reliability of signal transduction.
For the purpose of statistical analysis in this study, the PT1 and PT2 placentae were coupled, since they can be considered as normal placentae capable of responding and fulfilling the demands of the growing fetus by compensatory villous development or expansion of existing mature villi [ 30 ] . They were compared with placental types showing moderate and severe abnormality (coupled PT3 and PT4).
While mature CT has diverse effects on various target tissues, its overall physiologic significance in normal individuals is not well understood.
In human tissues, mature CL (MCL; lane 6) showed LHR bands similar to that in mature porcine CL.
Axenic seedlings, and soil grown plants were maintained in a growth chamber at 23°C under a 16-hour photoperiod until appropriate organs were mature.
Comparison of the intracellular mature virion (IMV, third column in Table 1) and extracellular enveloped virion (EEV) forms of the IHD-J strain showed differences in activity of some compounds in blocking infection by the two forms of the virus.
The pulmonary hypertension in mice exposed to hypoxia from birth was more severe than we had observed in previous studies of 4 weeks of hypoxia in mature animals [ 9].
However, ERβ immunoreactivity was virtually undetectable in isolated CT cells, highest in young syncytial aggregates, and moderate expression persisted in mature syncytia.
Various growth factors such as angiopoietin (ang)-1, platelet-derived growth factor, transforming growth factor-β as well as VEGF-A are also involved in arteriogenesis, and it may therefore be necessary to use combinations of these factors to obtain stable and mature vessels (Fig.
Upon the immunoprecipitation of Smad1, only the full-length HsN3 protein, but not the processed mature form of HsN3, was detected to co-precipitate with Smad1 (Fig.
Initially, hamster serum total iCT from gel filtration studies was determined by using an antiserum to the carboxyl-terminal portion of mature human CT, Ab4.
In order to identify maternal proteins present in the ovulated mouse egg, we performed 2D gel electrophoresis of proteins extracted from 2850 whole mature eggs and cored those protein spots that appeared to be most abundant.
The lack of mature HsN3 and other proteasome components in the immunoprecipitates of Smad1 could be mediated by two different mechanisms.
The B cell antigen receptor (BCR) signaling defect is very severe such that XLA patients have a block in the pro-B to pre-B cell transition and consequently have no mature B cells.
Western blot using anti-26S proteasome was also carried out to show that only Pro-N3-F, not mature N3, nor other proteasome components, was co-precipitated with Smad1 (data not shown).
First, the mature miRNA can be derived from either arm of a given stem-loop, and many predicted pre-miRNAs fold well on either strand.
In rat ovaries, the LHR immunoreactivity was detected in the mature and regressing CL (MCL and RCL, Fig.
The extent of the precisely conserved arm (thus including a potential miRNA) was in most cases longer than the mature product, and it would have been arbitrary to select a candidate miRNA sequence just so that it began with a U. Notably, a recent study suggests that different chemical strategies for capturing miRNA molecules may differentially recover miRNAs according to their 5' ends [ 33 ] , so reevaluation of miRNA 5' bias may be in order.
The product is a 4-strand helical structure [ 3 4 ] . A mature macrofiber arises by the repetition of the growth, twisting, and supercoiling process.
Sequencing the mature transcripts (spliced mRNA) solves three major problems: first, it permits accurate identification of the 5' and 3' UTRs.
Over the twenty years since the RNA Tie Club, molecular biology had matured.
Such requirements have allowed work on aDNA to move on and mature.
Unlike asexual animals, mature planaria of the sexual strain possess well-distinguished reproductive organs and lay fertile cocoons.
However, within epithelium, the CD68 appeared during transformation of DC precursors into mature DC, in the upper parabasal layers (arrow).
The mouse anti-rat LHR monoclonal antibody (mAb), clone 3B5, was developed against purified rat LHR [ 21 ] . The antibody showed immunoreactivity with rat granulosa cells of mature (preovulatory) follicles, ovarian thecal and interstitial cells, granulosa-lutein cells of developing, mature and regressing CL, and with testicular Leydig cells, and no reactivity with rat kidneys [ 22 ] . During the last ten years, affinity purified 3B5 antibody has been used in several immunohistochemical studies [ 23 24 25 26 ] . To our knowledge, however, no analysis of the 3B5 antibody by western blot has been reported.
In contrast to the pro-apoptotic role for Btk in DT40 cells, Btk appears to play an anti-apoptotic role in mature B cells in vivo . The mechanism may involve Btk-dependent activation of the transcription factor NF-κ B [ 7, 10] and subsequent upregulation of the anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-X L [ 39, 40].
Previous studies [ 9] have shown that mature memory (CD45RO +, CD27 -) CD4 +T cells isolated from the blood have the same capacity as early memory (CD45RO +, CD27 +) CD4 +T cells to produce IL-2.
When zona-free mature eggs were incubated with anti-GRP94, the antibody specifically bound to isolated regions of the plasma membrane in several eggs; however, the majority of eggs did not show any reactivity (Fig.
Tat has been shown to down-regulate mannose receptor, EDF-1, CD3-gamma, and TCR/CD3 surface receptor [ 14 ] . Tat reduces mannose receptor levels and promoter activity in mature macrophages and dendritic cells by interfering with the host transcriptional machinery; resulting in decreased levels of surface mannose receptor needed for Ag (mannosylated albumin uptake) or pathogen capture (Pneumocystis carinii phagocytosis), and eventual delivery to MHC class II-containing intracellular compartments [ 15 ] . EDF-1, a gene down-regulated when endothelial cells are induced to differentiate in vitro , was shown to be down-regulated by Tat at the transcriptional level, resulting in the inhibition of endothelial cell growth and in the transition from a nonpolar cobblestone phenotype to a polar fibroblast-like phenotype [ 16 ] .
Although the techniques used varied depending on the organization's size and culture and some efforts were more mature than others, the goals, practices, and success factors outlined in the following illustration were instrumental in the organization achieving its vision.
Yet, cell surface staining was observed only on classic LH/CG targets, granulosa and theca cells of preovulatory follicles and mature luteal cells, but also in the vaginal epithelium.
Constitutive expression of a number of HSPs and molecular chaperones has been characterized in immature oocytes and mature mouse eggs [ 38 39 40 ] , though none as yet have been localized to the oolemma.
The precursor of heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (proHB-EGF) is found on a wide variety of cell surfaces and is present in numerous tissue types [ 1 ] . Previously in our laboratory, we cloned the cDNA encoding proHB-EGF from monkey Vero cells and identified this cell-surface molecule as a receptor for diphtheria toxin (DT) [ 2 ] . The predicted amino acid sequence was shown to be identical to that of the cell surface-expressed precursor of human heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (proHB-EGF) [ 3 4 ] . The derived amino acid sequence revealed a signal sequence (residues 1-23), an extracellular domain (residues 24-159), a transmembrane domain (residues 160-184), and a carboxyl terminal cytoplasmic domain (residues 185-208) [ 2 ] . Proteolytic processing of the proHB-EGF occurs on the cell surface and results in the release of mature HB-EGF (mHB-EGF) (residues 63-148) [ 5 ] . The mature/soluble HB-EGF is a member of the EGF family of growth factors that includes amphiregulin, epidermal growth factor, and transforming growth factor a [ 6 ] . Mature HB-EGF released from the cell surface is mitogenic and is able to bind to the EGF receptor [ 3 ] . Membrane-bound proHB-EGF has juxtacrine growth factor activity [ 7 ] and also acts as a DT receptor [ 2 8 ] .
It has been shown that the differentiation of pillar cells depends on activation of Fgfr3 [ 26 ] by FGF's, probably Fgf8, a factor produced by developing and mature inner hair cells [ 18 27 ] . The formation of supporting cells also appears to depend on the proper expression of various bHLH factors such as Hes 1 and 5 which appear to be regulated by the Notch signaling pathway [ 17 28 29 ] . It is possible that the apparent inability of fibers to extend along outer hair cells is related to the lack of differentiation of supporting cells in the absence of mature hair cells.
To determine an association of ERβ and ERα immunoreactivity with differentiation of mononucleated trophoblast cells into syncytial aggregates, we investigated isolated cytotrophoblast cells and young and mature syncytial aggregates in tissue cultures.
Some programs were less mature than others and had not fully implemented all of the practices.
The PT1 can be viewed as placenta capable of fulfilling the demands of the growing fetus (occasional villous regeneration and expansion of existing mature villi), without requirement of adaptive dilatation of villous sinusoids.
Following the 14 day podocyte differentiation protocol on coverslips to establish mature podocytes, wild-type and HIV-1 infected podocytes underwent immunofluorescent detection of cyclin D 1 as follows: coverslips were washed three times with 1 × PBS, fixed in 60% acetone/3.
Various studies in mammals have shown that Hh genes are expressed in discrete areas of the adult organism and may function in the normal maintenance of mature organ systems [ 43 44 45 46 ] . In addition, the regenerative healing of vascular and skeletal tissues following acute injuries appears to be aided by re-activating the Hh-signaling cascade [ 47 48 ] . Taken together, these observations suggest that the Hh pathway may represent a point of intervention for treating certain degenerative disorders.
The first construct contains a Flag-epitope placed at the C-terminus of HsN3 (N3-F), since the C-terminus of HsN3 is not buried inside of the mature proteasome, according to the crystal structure of HsN3 [ 38 ] . The second and the third constructs contain either the Flag or the T7 epitopes placed at the N-terminus of HsN3 (F-ΔN3, T7-ΔN3).
It was also surprising that the extracellular portion of any of the EGF receptor proteins was also not represented among the proteins found to interact with the extracellular domain of proHB-EGF, since the mature protein proteolytically cleaved from proHB-EGF (mHB-EGF) as well as the membrane bound form are known to interact with the EGF receptor.
The finding that sequestered parasite biomass is associated with disease severity fits with current thinking that sequestration of erythrocytes containing the mature forms of the parasite is the central pathological process in falciparum malaria.
In severe systemic inflammation in humans, however, enormous levels of ProCT and other component peptides appear in the serum, while mature serum CT remains normal or only minimally elevated [ 17].
Targeted null Brn3c mutants have no mature hair cells [ 1 2 ] . Close examination has revealed that some 'immature' hair cells form in Brn3c null mutants and express cellular markers such as Myosin VI and VIIa, calretinin and parvalbumin [ 3 ] . Furthermore, these immature hair cells of Brn3c null mutants undergo apoptosis in neonates [ 3 ] . Consistent with an apparent absence of mature hair cells, initial work suggested that all vestibular and most spiral ganglion cells are lost by postnatal day 14 (P14; [ 1 ] ). However, more detailed quantification by others [ 3 ] reported that at P4 about 77% of vestibular neurons and only 29% of spiral neurons are lost.
Since we have shown that artificial removal of the prosequence of HsN3 leads to a blockage of the normal assembly of HsN3 into the mature proteasome (Fig.
For example, the transcription factor single minded is expressed in the glial cells of the mature embryo [ 22].
Past work has shown that BDNF and NT-3 appear to shift in their expression into inner hair cells around birth or are lost in the ear and other parts of the nervous system [ 6 10 20 23 ] . It has been suggested that other neurotrophins may come into play in the ear [ 11 ] . However, the apex of Brn3c null mutants, which retains most of the spiral neuron afferents at 6-month, shows no formation of mature hair cells at any time surveyed here (P0, P8, P10).
As one of the seven β subunits of the 20S proteasome, the newly translated HsN3 has an N-terminal 44 amino-acid prosequence, which is processed upon the complete assembly of HsN3 into the mature 20S proteasome [ 22 23 24 ] . The assembly of the 20S proteasome involves multiple steps and the formation of assembly intermediates [ 33 34 35 36 ] . As illustrated in Fig.
Cells were stimulated with 10 nM of mature TGFβ 1 or with fibronectin as described below.
Other databases most closely related to ours include EcoCyc, with emphasis on metabolic pathways [ 6], the CGSC database, with information on the genotypes and phenotypes of mutant strains [ 8], and EcoGene, which includes information on gene reconstructions, alternative gene boundaries and verified amino-terminal amino-acid sequences of the mature proteins [ 5].
Vessels formed in response to artificial angiogenic stimuli are prone to regression unless they are remodeled into mature, stable vessels [ 46].
Since mature β subunits are only found in the 20S proteasome [ 19 ] , the detection of the mature form of the Flag-tagged HsN3 assured us that the exogenous Flag-tagged HsN3 proteins are normal in their ability to be incorporated into the 20S proteasome.
The precursor of heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (proHB-EGF) is found on a wide variety of cell surfaces and is present in numerous tissue types [ 1 ] . Previously in our laboratory, we cloned the cDNA encoding proHB-EGF from monkey Vero cells and identified this cell-surface molecule as a receptor for diphtheria toxin (DT) [ 2 ] . The predicted amino acid sequence was shown to be identical to that of the cell surface-expressed precursor of human heparin-binding EGF-like growth factor (proHB-EGF) [ 3 4 ] . The derived amino acid sequence revealed a signal sequence (residues 1-23), an extracellular domain (residues 24-159), a transmembrane domain (residues 160-184), and a carboxyl terminal cytoplasmic domain (residues 185-208) [ 2 ] . Proteolytic processing of the proHB-EGF occurs on the cell surface and results in the release of mature HB-EGF (mHB-EGF) (residues 63-148) [ 5 ] . The mature/soluble HB-EGF is a member of the EGF family of growth factors that includes amphiregulin, epidermal growth factor, and transforming growth factor a [ 6 ] . Mature HB-EGF released from the cell surface is mitogenic and is able to bind to the EGF receptor [ 3 ] . Membrane-bound proHB-EGF has juxtacrine growth factor activity [ 7 ] and also acts as a DT receptor [ 2 8 ] .
These data indicate that transition of parabasal into intermediate epithelial cells at the pb/im interface is associated with transformation of DC precursors into mature DC with the assistance of activated (HLA-DR) T cells.
Our observations indicate that the phylogenetically and ontogenetically developed hierarchy of mesenchymal cells (MDC, pericytes, T cells) and immunoglobulins (IgM, IgG) accompanies differentiation of epithelial cells from immature into the mature and aged phenotype.
The other predominant band immediately below Pro-N3-F is the mature form of Pro-N3-F, as indicated by the ability of this band to be also detected by anti-Flag on the Western blot and by its co-migration with the deletion version of N3 lacking the prosequence (F-ΔN3 in lane 3).
P. falciparum 3D7 was grown on A-positive human erythrocytes in the presence of homologous serum as described earlier [ 48 49 ] . When needed, cultures were synchronized in two steps [ 49 54 ] : (i) schizonts were purified by flottation over 65% (v/v) Percoll (Pharmacia) followed by incubation with fresh erythrocytes (5% haematocrit); (ii) the cultures were then left to mature into rings and treated with 5% D-sorbitol for 15 min at 37°C.
Hematopoietic cells also influence osteogenic cell differentiation, and some evidence suggests that mature lymphocytes influence osteoclast and osteoblast function.
5 dpc, after these layers have begun to mature (Fig.
Although much is known about the biochemical changes occurring in response to BCR-mediated activation, the differences in the signal transduction pathways that give rise to the different cellular responses following activation of the same receptor in immature versus mature cells have yet to be elucidated completely (discussed in detail in refs.
Following pair-wise mating (conjugation), each exconjugant replaces its old parental MAC with a new MAC, developed from a mitotic daughter of its genotypically new zygotic nucleus (review: [ 14 ] ). The mitotic sister of the MAC precursor (anlage) is set aside as the new diploid germline MIC, which is then heterochromatically silenced; all known gene expression is from the MAC or MAC anlage [ 15 16 17 ] . Once the anlage begins differentiation, the old MAC is apoptotically destroyed [ 18 ] . The mature exconjugant resumes feeding and establishes a vegetative clone (a karyonide) propagated by binary fission, in which the MIC replicates as a typical diploid mitotic nucleus and the MAC replicates amitotically.
Influence of TGFβ 1 on cell growth is well established, but the mechanisms are not fully understood [ 75 76 77 78 79 ] . Here, we assayed for the possible synergistic function of α V β 6 integrin on mature TGFβ 1 mediated growth inhibition in Panc-1 cells.
Once a mature thymic environment is formed, many, if not all stages of thymocyte maturation require interactions with thymic epithelial cells.
Dissociating the specification of functional properties and values from the graphical description of the model means that models can be created on a purely speculative basis, and then, as system knowledge matures, qualitative values and action rules can be selected (or specified) to support qualitative reasoning and hypothesis testing.
Commercial companies insist that technology be mature at the outset of a product development program and, therefore, separate technology development from product development.
The newly forming fiber cell continues to differentiate in the cortex until a mature fiber cell devoid of organelles with suture formation at the ends of the cell is formed.
Different theories on the mechanisms of morphogenesis of the angle mesenchyme to the complex tissues of the mature angle have been reviewed elsewhere [ 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17].
Interestingly, in humans with severe systemic inflammation, very high serum levels of ProCT and its component peptides are accompanied by normal or only slightly increased levels of mature CT [ 17].
[ 27 28 ] to study both sub-confluent podocyte growth and podocyte growth during the formation of mature cell-cell contacts at confluence.
BCR-induced interaction between Cbl and Syk increases the susceptibility of Syk to proteolysis [ 55 ] , possibly through enhancement of ubiquitination [ 56 ] . Expression of a dominant-negative SHP-1 phosphatase in the mature murine B cell line K46 resulted in an increase in BCR-induced Syk kinase activity as measured by C3b phosphorylation in an ICKA and enhanced BCR-induced Ca 2+fluxes [ 57 ] . It remains to be determined if interference with any of these known regulatory proteins is responsible for the dominant-positive effect.
In fact, the Jewish view, as it has evolved and matured, seems to have avoided this universalization of the idea that individual life stems from God.
Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia are said to have matured into actual characters (as opposed to cartoon ones), and the sage Yoda makes his first appearance, "emerg[ing] from murky nature to become the spiritual center of the whole Star Wars game," says the San Francisco Chronicle 's Peter Stack.
when you matured i like some classical to and
Even though Puerto Escondido is the more mature tourist destination of the two, Huatulco has the deepest historical roots.
Um, so, you know, things like that are learning experiences where you learn to grow up and mature.
The T cells entering intermediate layers show a loss of HLA-DR expression and commit suicide with apoptotic fragmentation under the assistance of mature DC.
and uh i have a preschooler um i was told by her preschool teacher that she thought maybe she was to immature for kindergarten and i thought well how mature do you have to be
As an essentially 19th-century phenomenon, Shanghai matured too late to contribute to classical Chinese art or culture.
Classical economic assumptions about market competition are not directly applicable in this situation, even in a “mature” industry like apparel.
for the good of the the nation and for the good of themselves i think it's uh would everyone everyone grow up and mature and and realize what this country's all about
that uh mixture of a very mature college student
military military to make people to go off to the military voluntarily but it's it has helped them and they are just a lot more mature than the average student and
oh that was an experiment i did last year was i went and and talk and drove a few cars and talked with the the salesman and i found that uh i had matured a little bit in that they don't intimidate me at all
well as you say when you're taking children to the doctor and adults too it does make a difference our children are matured out of the home and uh our needs are much different than they were
i don't know how long they've been around maybe a long time but it's only in my more mature years that i have become aware of them
and actually the academic part isn't bad when your when you resume because it seems that things come easier because you're more mature and you've got all your life experiences and i thought the academic part would be harder but it really isn't
and i think most people make better parents when they're a little bit more mature i really do
why why am i waiting you know it's just the it's just the way your attitude changes and you mature i suppose but
uh it's i think it would be good for them uh it helps mature them a little bit and helps them understand the world the way it really is
uh there seems to be a a more a mature crowd in uh apartments at least where i am uh even though you know there's kids all around and there's there's traffic and there's people going up and down the sidewalks and stuff like that but still uh
dog there is is basically a reject somebody had bought him and wanted him it was her ex boyfriend and you know just was not mature enough to keep the dog didn't realize how much work it was and now she's stuck with it and she's just so kindhearted that she just takes all the animals
yeah i guess kids do mature at different ages too that's and you know as a teacher you you try to make be understanding that you know there are different ages kids are is
yeah yeah like those E-bonds there's something called an E-bond that you can buy and it and it you don't have to pay taxes on it and it's for the child and then when they turn it in when it matures
and it's it's the one that's going they're going downhill is it is it the one that needs needs more supervision that has a bad influence on the older or on the more mature one
they are just they have such a better more mature outlook on life and i think they're better people because of it they're much more responsible i know um
Homecoming and Inner Child and so i read usually that kind of stuff if and right now i'm reading um Judith Viorst's book called Necessary Losses where she talks about different losses that we've had in our lives that we have to get past if we're going to mature and
just i didn't feel like she was mature enough socially and
as well as uh men and interacting with other men and a book about uh men and how they mature through life
you're going to you're going to pay for uh technology that's not mature yet
yes well this is a this is a sign uh this is in fact uh we've been studying this in our school that um this is one of the symptoms or not the symptoms it's one of the ways that young girls feel that they are maturing it's a rite of passage
it's a really big problem i think and um takes mature people to
the youth of the country to be uh mature productive responsible citizens is potentially a uh
Gene transfer into developing and mature primary T cells has been limited by the lack of efficient techniques for ex vivo or in vivo transfection or transduction.
Unlike Matisse and Rivera, who took a couple of decades to attain their mature styles, Dalí's arrival came quick and early.
Design flaws are uncovered and the design of the product is matured.
I think it would be an incredible waste of time if I hadn't grown and matured in some of those areas."
Immunohistochemical staining was done using rabbit polyclonal antibodies raised against synthetic peptides that correspond to regions in the mature forms of TGF-β 1 , TGF-β 2 , and TGF-β 3 . Antibodies to TGF-β 1 were raised against a synthetic peptide corresponding to residues 1-30 of the mature protein in either the Laboratory of Chemoprevention (anti-TGF-β 1 -LC; NIH, Bethesda, MD, USA) or the Collagen Corporation (anti-TGF-β 1 -CC; Palo Alto, CA, USA).
Neuroscience suggests that by the third month infants are mature enough to reason and process language.
2D gel electrophoresis of whole egg extract from 2850 mature, metaphase II-arrested, untreated mouse eggs was performed in order to identify some of the more abundant proteins of the egg proteome.
Executive Council Minutes 12/5/1670: “Upon mature Consideracon had hereupon, Mr. Sharp having confest his Error, It was Ordered, that hee pay back to Mr. Nicholas Bayard all the Pluck-Money delivered out at the Sale.”
The optic lobe primordium and brain of late third instar larvae have only limited functions in larval photoreception and contain only a small number of mature neurons.
It has overcome its penchant for "overblown, chest-beating angst," according to Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone , with its most mature album to date, which features clever, self-mocking lyrics and bears the influence of '70s supergroup Led Zeppelin.
Intermediate layer ( im ) consists of multiple layers of mature epithelial cells.
An essay claims popular culture is now so kid-oriented that kids have no model for mature adulthood.
Nevertheless, we can conclude that profilin plays an essential role in the optimal yield of mature virions from all cells tested.
A London Times feature took up the debate over whether Hillary Clinton, soon to grace the cover of Vogue , is "the sexiest woman alive" or merely "has matured as a First Lady better than a fine wine."
We report here the preliminary identification of nine highly abundant HSPs and related chaperones in the mature mouse egg that also appear to be surface labelled.
Spurling's scoop is her explanation of why, after moving several increments toward his mature style, the painter lapsed into a dark period that lasted from 1902-04.
Remarkably, preincubation with the MEK1 inhibitor PD98059 resulted in a reduced cytoskeletal immobilization and tyrosine phosphorylation of cellular proteins in response to stimulation with mature TGFβ 1 . This finding is in agreement with other observations that MEK1-mediated signal transduction is involved in cytoskeletal remodeling and integrin engagement [ 70 71 ] .
She is only 15, but the body is quite mature.
In inflammatory states, ProCT and its related peptides appear to be secreted by a continuous bulk-flow constitutive pathway, in which only limited conversion to mature CT occurs [ 28].
Industry honchos protested that "cigar smokers are mature, well-informed adults who smoke on an occasional basis."
First, our molecular analysis of differentiating IPCs showed that they remain distinct from mature pancreatic islet β-cells; in other words, the insulin + cells derived by our methods are not mature β-cells.
But sometimes, at midlife, the grains start to stack up as if the entire pile is still pushing upward, still searching for its mature shape.
Altogether, these observations indicate that intraepithelial T cells and mature DC underwent apoptotic fragmentation among differentiating epithelial cells.
In that famous poem, Keats rubs autumn with the balm of his moistened language: "Season of mists and mellow fruitfulness,/ Close bosom-friend of the maturing sun ..."
The degradation of Smad1 by proteasome is reported in a separate study [ 39 ] . The dissociation of Smad1 from the mature 20S proteasome could be due to the competition of Smad1 binding by a 19S regulator protein or simply due to the inaccessibility of the binding site on HsN3 when two half proteasomes assembly into the mature proteasome.
It is about "the same irony and the same agony" as Portnoy's Complaint --the excesses of the 1960s--but American Pastoral is "darker, difficult, more mature."
Typical maturation and half-life of mature cellular holoAPP were observed, as was subsequent release of sAPP α [5,29].
It is the prime virtue of Alan Wolfe's new book, One Nation, After All , that it grasps the contours of what he calls this "mature" middle class.
Immunohistochemical staining was done using rabbit polyclonal antibodies raised against synthetic peptides that correspond to regions in the mature forms of TGF-β 1 , TGF-β 2 , and TGF-β 3 . Antibodies to TGF-β 1 were raised against a synthetic peptide corresponding to residues 1-30 of the mature protein in either the Laboratory of Chemoprevention (anti-TGF-β 1 -LC; NIH, Bethesda, MD, USA) or the Collagen Corporation (anti-TGF-β 1 -CC; Palo Alto, CA, USA).
A Times leader in April that same year merely ventured: The saying that there are two sorts of pedestrians, the quick and the dead, is well matured.
This may be related to decreased DNA synthesis in mature confluent HUVEC.
Being a much more eloquent and mature woman yourself, do you think you could explain "Immature Woman Syndrome" to me so that I can understand the many wonderful, but immature young women I know?
The mouse anti-rat LHR monoclonal antibody (mAb), clone 3B5, was developed against purified rat LHR [ 21 ] . The antibody showed immunoreactivity with rat granulosa cells of mature (preovulatory) follicles, ovarian thecal and interstitial cells, granulosa-lutein cells of developing, mature and regressing CL, and with testicular Leydig cells, and no reactivity with rat kidneys [ 22 ] . During the last ten years, affinity purified 3B5 antibody has been used in several immunohistochemical studies [ 23 24 25 26 ] . To our knowledge, however, no analysis of the 3B5 antibody by western blot has been reported.
His life story enhances this image of fragile purity: He's a late bloomer who didn't publish a mature work until his 50s and didn't become famous until his 60s.
Some of these activities include nucleic acid binding [ 11 ] , ribonuclease activity (for processing preribosomal RNA) [ 12 ] and association with maturing preribosomal ribonucleoprotein particles [ 13 14 ] . It may also be involved in the transport of ribosomal or other nucleosomal proteins across the nuclear membrane, as it is known to shuttle between the cytoplasm and nucleus and to stimulate the nuclear importation of proteins [ 15 16 ] . Nucleophosmin also appears to be intimately involved in centrosome duplication.
Secretory maturation toxicity is one possible mechanism for elevated levels of intracellular mature holoAPP and causes retarded conversion of mature holoAPP to sAPP α . This pattern was not observed following statin treatment, excluding maturation toxicity as a mechanism underlying the altered levels of mature cellular holoAPP.
6), in which there was expression on mature B cells as well as T cells, hCAR was not expressed by non-T cells.
Design elements not achievable in the initial development were planned for subsequent development efforts in future generations of the product, but only when technologies were proven to be mature and other resources were available.
In addition peripheral fibers cease to function as a culture ages consequently a very late arising structure that happens into an exclusion zone can develop there into a mature structure.
The B cell antigen receptor (BCR) is a multi-subunit complex that acts as a key sensor regulating the response of lymphocytes to their environment (reviewed in [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] ). In mature B cells, activation through the BCR stimulates cellular proliferation and differentiation.
As shown in the additional file 10, combined treatment with α V and β 6 blocking antibodies almost completely abolished the effect of mature TGFβ 1 on the growth of Panc-1 cells.
The scale of the pattern is set by the lengths to which mature macroflbers grow.
After an additional 24 h, cells were treated with 10 nM of mature TGFβ 1 . After incubation with TGFβ 1 for 21 h, cells were pulsed with 200 nCi of [ 3H]-thymidine (1.
First, our molecular analysis of differentiating IPCs showed that they remain distinct from mature pancreatic islet β-cells; in other words, the insulin + cells derived by our methods are not mature β-cells.
Genomic DNA was extracted from mature leaves using a miniprep protocol [ 74 ] modified by the addition of a CTAB extraction [ 75 ] . A. thaliana leaves were harvested, hand washed and then ground to a fine powder in liquid nitrogen.
In this same vein, expression of the GFP reporter by freshly isolated mature T cells transduced with the Ad5.UbP.GFP vector was very efficient, while the Ad5.CMV5.GFP vector required a post-transduction activation of T cells to induce optimal expression of GFP [ 14 15 ] . On the contrary, the CMV5 promoter yielded better reporter expression in activated, transduced Th1 and Th2 cells.
Again, stimulation of TGFβ 1 sensitive cells BxPC-3, LoVo [ 68 ] , SW48 [ 68 ] , Keratinocytes, HeLa and DLD1 [ 69 ] , results in an enhanced cytoskeletal immobilization and tyrosine phosphorylation of cellular proteins in response to stimulation with mature TGFβ 1 (additional file 5).
This antiserum reacts with the CT molecule, whether it is in the free, amidated, 32-amino acid mature form, or within its precursor propeptides [ie procalcitonin, the conjoined calcitonin:calcitonin carboxypeptide-I (CT:CCP-1), or the free immature, unamidated CT].
In contrast, Wei et al . have demonstrated that pre-osteoclasts do not lose their potential to differentiate into mature osteoclasts following a similar exposure to IL-4 [ 50 ] . It thus appears that IFN-γ anti-osteoclast activity is mediated by inducing terminal differentiation away from the osteoclast lineage, while IL-4 directly interferes with RANKL signaling during osteoclastogenesis.
During differentiation from the trabecular anlage to a mature state, only 2 doubly labeled cells were identified in the angles of approximately 600 analyzed sections or approximately 120,000 analyzed TM and SC cells.
To determine whether binding of mature TGFβ 1 leads to integrin-mediated signaling, we looked at the status of integrin-cytoskeleton-associated proteins [ 66 67 ] after incubation with mature TGFβ 1 in selected carcinoma cell lines with different degrees of sensitivity to TGFβ 1 (Table 1).
This motif has been detected on several proteins, including laminin, collagen and fibrinogen [ 120 ] . A BLAST search for this sequence in TGFβ 1 revealed a 70% similar motif in two parts of the molecule; one in the LAP (data not shown) and one in the mature TGFβ 1 . In mature TGFβ 1 , the DLXXL motif is freely accessible for interactions on the outside of the molecule.
First, the prosequence of HsN3, which is processed from the mature HsN3, is necessary for Smad1 to bind to HsN3.
It has been speculated that VEGF-A alone may not be sufficient to form stable, mature vessels that are characterized by the recruitment of the perivascular mural cells, such as pericytes or smooth muscle cells [ 48].
1 or islet amyloid polypeptide, markers of mature pancreatic β-cells (see Figure 1C; data not shown).
Intraepithelial T lymphocytes and mature DC exhibit suicide, and immunoglobulins are associated with aging and apoptosis of epithelial cells.
These data indicate that chondrocytes from Hoxc-8 transgenic mice have the capacity to differentiate and mature normally under the culture conditions described here.
Mode I applies to the immature group for all strain rates and mode III to mature group for all strain rates.
Because design and manufacturing knowledge is not captured, key decision points intended to measure and ensure that a weapon system has sufficiently matured to move forward in the process risk becoming unsupported by critical knowledge.
Growth of fibers to the cochlea does not require mature hair cells
In human tissues, mature CL (MCL; lane 6) showed LHR bands similar to that in mature porcine CL.
There were no major differences in mature angle structure between mice of different backgrounds, and the anterior to posterior TM differences described for B6 were evident in all strains (Figure 3E-3H).
Hence, in CV, one pole of dividing CT cells is associated with mature ST and the other with the mesenchymal villous core (stroma).
The lack of cell death, similar developmental profile, and similarities in mature angle structure in both humans and mice suggests a conservation of general developmental mechanisms between mice and non-rodent mammals.
[ 12 ] , SMI-31 was described as labeling nuclear epitopes in cells in culture and in neurons of mature rat brain as visualized by cryo-sectioning and confocal microscopy.
The blastocyst formation rate in our study is similar to results from the recent reports in which porcine adult somatic (cumulus) cells (5-10%) [ 29, 51] or fetal fibroblasts (1-16%) [ 11, 29, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57] were transferred into enucleated M II oocytes matured in media supplemented with pFF.
Shorter development time is important in ephemeral aquatic habitats such as temporary ponds and phytotelmata, allowing adults to escape prior to dry down in late spring or early summer [ 29 30 ] . Short time to maturity allows the insects to escape their larval habitat before it dries up, and males that mature before females are ready to mate when females emerge.
We were able to exclude such signal pathway association, since in our cytoskeletal preparations, no TGFβ 1 -receptors were detectable, indicating that mature TGFβ 1 is a ligand for α V β 6 .
Portable Network Graphic (PNG) File showing that mature TGFβ 1 binds to α V β 6 integrin.
Indeed, only a small proportion of trophoblast cultures from PT2 placentae showed complete transformation of cytotrophoblast cells into the syncytia, while in others mature syncytia were accompanied by cytotrophoblast cells.
In ectocervix, during the early follicular phase, when increasing levels of estrogens stimulate proliferation of stem cells and subsequent shift of cells between the layers - toward surface, some mature epithelial cells (upper intermediate layers) showed cytoplasmic p27 staining (white arrowhead, Fig.
In contrast, among both early and late maturing white women, those who had a childhood BMI Z-score ≥ 0 were 4.7 to 4.8 kg/m 2heavier in adulthood than women who were thinner in childhood.
reported a molecular weight for wild type pR of 27 kDa based on the predicted amino acid sequence of the protein [ 1 ] . Its 249 amino acids barely exceed the 248 of mature bR, which has a molecular weight of 26,000.
Proteolytic processing within the trans-Golgi and the secretory vesicles culminates in the formation of the active, mature secretory product, CT, which is released by exocytosis at the apical surface of the NE cell.
Business executives keep in mind that initial CIO models adopted should not be set in stone, but may have to be adjusted over time as their enterprises grow or mature.
In porcine ovaries, LHR expression was detected in granulosa and theca cells of preovulatory follicles, but not in granulosa lutein cells of the mature CL [ 27 ] . In human ovaries, LHR expression was also detected in granulosa and theca cells of preovulatory follicles, but mature CL showed strong expression in luteal cells, which disappeared during luteal regression.
CES1 is expressed in mature monocytes and macrophages, and is involved in the degradation of xenobiotics [ 15 ] . MMP2 or MMP15, or both, are connective tissue degrading enzymes [ 16 ] . A hypothetical role for MMP2 and MMP15 in the Blau syndrome is that aberrant expression of MMP2 and MMP15 could inappropriately degrade connective tissue, which, in turn, could release stored cytokines and inflammatory mediators, such as tumor necrosis factor α and interleukins and potentially expose neo-epitopes.
Using 2D electrophoresis and TMS, we have identified eight molecular chaperone proteins that are abundantly expressed in the mature mouse egg.
It has been shown that the differentiation of pillar cells depends on activation of Fgfr3 [ 26 ] by FGF's, probably Fgf8, a factor produced by developing and mature inner hair cells [ 18 27 ] . The formation of supporting cells also appears to depend on the proper expression of various bHLH factors such as Hes 1 and 5 which appear to be regulated by the Notch signaling pathway [ 17 28 29 ] . It is possible that the apparent inability of fibers to extend along outer hair cells is related to the lack of differentiation of supporting cells in the absence of mature hair cells.
The LC antibody usually stains intracellular TGF-β 1 , whereas the CC antibody stains extracellular TGF-β 1 . Anti-TGF-β 2 (sc-90; Santa Cruz Biotechnologies Inc) was raised to a peptide corresponding to residues 72-99 of the mature TGF-β 2 . Anti-TGF-β 3 (anti-50-60-β 3 -LC) was raised against residues 50-60 of mature TGF-β 3 [ 20].
Cells were maintained in humidified air containing 5% CO 2 for two weeks to allow for cell-cell junctions to mature.
At P12 either endothelial-lined vessels or a more mature SC were present in most sections.
1B), and mature granulosa cells (mg, Fig.
Although the first two miRNA genes were identified through forward genetics, the vast majority of known miRNAs were identified by direct cloning of mature 21-22 nucleotide RNAs, either from size-selected total RNA or from purified miRNP complexes.
SecB binds portions of the mature secretory protein [ 14 15 16 17 18 ] , and SecA would bind to the SecB-precursor complex by virtue of its ability to bind SecB [ 19 20 ] as well as the preprotein [ 21 22 23 ] . Thus, SecA-mediated targeting of the preprotein to translocase would occur.
Depending on the mouse and ocular location, the iridocorneal angle and its structures typically reached their mature state by P35 to P42 (compare Figure 3Cand 3D).
Patterning of skeletal muscle fiber composition is initially determined during embryonic development, but can be partially or completely overturned by stimuli applied to fully mature adult myofibers: by hormonal influences (e.g.
The degradation of Smad1 by proteasome is reported in a separate study [ 39 ] . The dissociation of Smad1 from the mature 20S proteasome could be due to the competition of Smad1 binding by a 19S regulator protein or simply due to the inaccessibility of the binding site on HsN3 when two half proteasomes assembly into the mature proteasome.
The cultures studied were inoculated by sterile toothpick transfer from mature fibers grown in the same medium.
Development of mature ST aggregates (m, panel C) was associated with gradual diminution of nuclear staining (solid > white arrows), but persisting cytoplasmic ERβ immunoreactivity.
In normal placentae at term, the LHR immunoreactivity in mature chorionic villi was found in mononucleated cytotrophoblast cells under the syncytial layer (arrowheads, Fig 6A) and villous vascular sinusoids (v), but most of the syncytiotrophoblast was virtually unstained (white asterisks vs. black).
BxPC-3 cells were stimulated with 10 nM of mature TGFβ 1 for 6 hours.
Portable Network Graphic (PNG) File showing that mature TGFβ 1 binds to α V β 6 integrin and the speciticity of the signals detected as well.
, at 15 or 75 min chase, mature APP in the presence of statin was approximately 310% of the level of immature APP at t = 0 versus a control [vehicle treatment] of 150% of the level of immature APP at t = 0; also, at t = 30 min, the relative percent values for drug versus vehicle were 380% and 200%, respectively).
A recent study demonstrated an interaction of latent TGFβ 1 with α V β 6 integrin, which led to an activation of latent TGFβ 1 [ 45 ] . Incubation of different tumor cells with mature TGFβ 1 resulted in a direct binding of TGFβ 1 to α V β 6 integrin.
Parlow, National Hormone & Peptide Program, Torrance, CA) to augment the number of maturing follicles.
After stimulation with 10 nM mature TGFβ 1 for 10 minutes, cells were incubated in sterile water until they lysed.
Portable Network Graphic (PNG) File showing that mature TGFβ 1 binds to α V β 6 integrin.
BxPC-3 cells were stimulated with 10 nM of mature TGFβ 1 for 6 hours.
Western blot analysis of protein extracts from normal rat ovaries and human and porcine mature CL with 3B5 antibody showed six distinct bands migrating between ~92 and ~48 kDa (lanes 2, 4 and 6, Fig.
In the mature state, the intertrabecular spaces were always most prominent in the anterior aspect of the TM, and less so posteriorly (Figure 3Cand 3D).
As cells matured towards hypertrophy, there was also increased cell death in our micromass cultures (Figure 2, Panel D).
It is likely that the B cells that mature in these 'pseudogerminal centers' and those that we have identified in the present studies are responding to specific (auto)antigens.
In the absence of an appropriate signal at the plasma membrane, these vesicles serve as storage repositories for mature CT.
Under the pb/im interface (dashed line) T cells are associated with the differentiation of mature DC (solid yellow arrow).
The mature meshwork consists of trabecular beams separated by intertrabecular spaces through which the aqueous percolates.
While ZZZ triploids seemed like normal males that produced abnormal sperm, ZZW animals appeared female on hatching and then developed some male gonadal and behavioral characteristics as they matured [ 20].
In addition, a microscopist is only able to count the less pathogenic circulating stages of the parasite, whereas the more pathogenic parasitized erythrocytes, sequestered in the capillaries and containing mature parasites, are not seen and therefore not counted.
Therefore, cytoplasmic reactivity in mature ST detected by N-19 polyclonal antibody, which recognizes a single ~52 kDa band, might not be related to the ERβ variant with a hormone binding domain.
10, panel A, shows that the mature CL of the menstrual cycle has p27 expression limited to the luteal vessels; luteal cells show only traces of nuclear p27 (arrow) and no cytoplasmic staining.
This motif has been detected on several proteins, including laminin, collagen and fibrinogen [ 120 ] . A BLAST search for this sequence in TGFβ 1 revealed a 70% similar motif in two parts of the molecule; one in the LAP (data not shown) and one in the mature TGFβ 1 . In mature TGFβ 1 , the DLXXL motif is freely accessible for interactions on the outside of the molecule.
Immobilization of proteins to the cytoskeleton (Triton-X insoluble fraction, Figure 2B) as well as tyrosine phosphorylation of these proteins (Figure 2A) induced through mature TGFβ
Secretory maturation toxicity is one possible mechanism for elevated levels of intracellular mature holoAPP and causes retarded conversion of mature holoAPP to sAPP α . This pattern was not observed following statin treatment, excluding maturation toxicity as a mechanism underlying the altered levels of mature cellular holoAPP.
This suggests that either the duration of hypoxic exposure or exposure from neonatal life provided additional physiologic stress that was not seen in more mature animals [ 9].
