The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.
This yields reactions times proteins divided by , which equals . In short, virtually all possible reactions will be catalyzed by something.
The Egypt massacre also tops the World-Wide news digest box at the WSJ , and is on the front at USAT , the WP and the LAT . It looks as if, reports the Times , there were no American victims.
For the first time in history, all nonemergency civilian aircraft in the United States were grounded, stranding tens of thousands of passengers across the country.
This is probably an appropriate time for us to end today.
1) The White House has already contacted the networks to reserve television time (on either Aug. 16 or Aug. 17) for a Clinton apology.
The ﬁrst tribes that came to this area brought skills and tools which improved the lot of the hunter, made farming feasible, and, in time, gave rise to primitive industries.
In front of the keep is Portugal’s most curious pelourinho, which stands on top of a primitive granite boar (porca), carved in prehistoric times.
Since then, almost every reigning monarch has spent time (or held soirées) at Holyrood.
These Horites are first mentioned at the time of Abraham in connection with the subjugation of the land by Chedorlaomer.
He spends his time drunk on excellent local wines, fantasizing a very fulfilling populist Catharism.
In a New York Times interview, she says 1) she acted in Monica Lewinsky's "best interest" by saving her from President Clinton's abuse; 2) she had feared that the affair would cause Lewinsky to harm herself; 3) she regrets any pain she has caused Lewinsky; 4) "As a mom, especially with a daughter close in age to Monica, I would hope some other mom would do for my daughter what I did for Monica"; and 5) taping Lewinsky, giving her name to Paula Jones' lawyers, and giving the tapes to the independent counsel were Lucianne Goldberg's ideas.
We will evaluate the component sequences of these DTs and incorporate them into MGI database over time through manual curation.
And the NY Times is editorializing (3/8/04) that same-sex (sic) marriage is inevitable.
The Los Angeles Times lead is that California thrift institution Home Savings is being bought by Seattle-based Washington Mutual, creating the nation's seventh-largest financial institution.
Times ' Kevin "I Gave At First Sight a Good Review" Thomas, correctly foreseeing that the studio would be desperate for advertising blurbs on this one, pumps the thing up: It's "a great-looking picture that zips along with grace, light on its feet."
(A responsible account of the whole controversy in today's New York Times reports that Kelsey says the pardon had nothing to do with her corroboration.)
This ensured that the cells were not confluent by the time of collection for cell cycle analysis.
She was the high school principal at the time.
The city is not mentioned again in the Bible until the time of the great poet warrior, King David, who captured the city from the Jebusites in about 1000 b.c.
Time 's trend-spotting lead is "America's Fascination with Buddhism" (a k a: an excuse to put Brad Pitt on the cover).
Listed reasons (and number of patients) for missing exercise time data at 24 weeks were: 'exercise test not done due to death' (n = 30), 'exercise testing contraindicated' (n = 9), and 'exercise test not done for other reasons' (n = 10).
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do.
It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
However, at least one general rule emerges from the cases we have studied: The cycle time of a fast production facility can be no more than a week or two.
Turn back the hands of time and remember when you made the decision to become a dental hygienist.
Their comparative scarcity at the present time probably results from climatic changes in the Pliocene and Pleistocene and, more recently, exploitation by humans for food, hides, and oil.
Yet Columbus (Columbo in Portuguese) returned six years later, by which time evidence suggests that he had become an experienced sugarcane merchant.
And the biology textbook that was in question at the time, I believe it was the version of the Miller-Levine biology book.
Her legend has been recited for over 300 years, and in contemporary times she is still believed to be wandering the streets in large cities, as well as in the small towns of the Southwest where numerous people report encounters with her.
Five times a day (six on Sundays), polished wooden trains make the hour-long journey in each direction through orchards and spectacular mountain scenery, stopping at Son Sardina and Bunyola.
And so I pretty well made sure, at the beginning of that meeting, which went on for quite a long time, that I wouldn't miss anything, so I took care of my bathroom needs beforehand.
Near the village of Agía Déka — named after ten saints who were martyred here — and widely scattered in farmland, are the remains of Górtis (Gortyn), capital of the island during the Roman era (from 65 b.c.) and also an important city in Minoan times.
The Los Angeles Times goes with the Clinton administration's decision to oppose the California ballot referendum measure calling for an end to publicly funded bilingual education, a measure thought to be favored by 70 percent of the state's voters.
In more recent times the individual who writes on walls has been called a tagger, and the art of writing is tagging.
Now, is it your recollection that the first time the Pandas book was mentioned was during the July meeting that you attended?
One method for improving targeting would be to require each garment to include a bar code label that shows the place and time of fabrication.
If there can be a framework in which time enters naturally, and possibly there is a natural flow of time, or an arrow of time preferentially from past to future, then, among other possible consequences, we may be able to break the matter-antimatter symmetry, for antimatter can be stated as the corresponding matter flowing backward in time.
He was one of Clinton's principal enablers, to use a word employed by Maureen Dowd in today's New York Times .
She asked if I thought it would be all right to talk to the Times reporter.
He was a gentle country newspaperman ( Johnny Come Lately , 1943), or a lovable alcoholic who sits in a bar all day musing over the destinies of his friends ( Time of Your Life , 1948).
A large electronic bid-taker on the wall reflects the current bidding price; this happens several times every minute.
At the same time, the team accurately reflected the social diversity that exists in France today.
Contract management includes the steps required to ensure that the agency receives products and services within established costs and time frames.
And so at the time when Max was speaking -- I believe that there were people who spoke in between she and Max Pell.
Many fascinating legacies around the island attest to the complicated web that time has spun here.
[From The Times , 16 May 1988]
I'm reminded of previous times I have felt sad and I will connect them into a series by way of the synaptic corridors they pass through.
They'd scouted twenty-seven gates so far, and none had turned up anything worth the Insurrection's time.
Depending on how much time you have, you may want to combine two or three of the regions in order to get a sense of the great diversity of French life: Paris and the wine country, the mountains, or the Atlantic or Mediterranean coasts.
When Chatterbox asked the Journal 's DC bureau chief, Alan Murray, who exercised good judgment in not breaking the Broaddrick story (and--full disclosure-- is Chatterbox's former boss), to comment about a Journal employee's feeding sources to the Times , he replied: "I don't really have any comment on what the edit page did.
The Byzantine Emperor at the time, Manuel II (1391–1425), tried to appease his enemies by allowing a Turkish district, mos­que, and tribunal within his city, and by courting Turkish goodwill with gifts of gold, but to no avail.
Of the ceremonies, first there was el día del prendorio (day of the engagement), when the bride and groom came together publicly for the first time.
Fated to be the last of all the Chinese dynasties, it held power until modern times (1644–1911).
In more recent times,wealth has passed the island by, but it still produces some jewelry and has a reputation for particularly fine pottery, which can be seen outside the workshops drying in the sun.
Unfortunately, times and members of the faculty change, but the need for our students to receive scholarship awards will continue at an unprecedented rate.
We like its familiarity, and hope it is the same every time.
Peter Scott's recent Lost Crusade , the memoir of a U.S. soldier who trained Cambodian mercenaries, is the most affecting book of any sort I've read in a long time.
It takes a long time for him to gain the self-confidence to work elsewhere in the community.
Many of you responded in a positive manner by increasing your contribution or contributing to the fund for the first time.
Please call us any time at 1-800-545-6843.
The Court was advised that yesterday, on September the 27th, the reporters, both of them, showed up at the appointed times for their depositions as appropriately scheduled by the defendants, and I'm advised -- and I'll correct this if I'm wrong -- that both reporters cited the reporter's privilege that they consider to exist under the First Amendment so that they would not answer any questions at those depositions.
Most critics call it flat: "a homey compendium of feminist talking points laced with awkward satire" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). The film's breakneck speed, mostly showing Perez being pulled in six directions at once, is "a scream--not because it's funny, but because screaming is about all anyone does" (Jack Mathews, New York Newsday ). A few enjoy the high-decibel/high-speed film, such as the Village Voice 's Amy Taubin, who says it's "a tour de force of barely controlled hysteria that's as funny as it's insightful."
The State of Israel was declared during this difficult time.
Instead, the state depends on 41 local not-for-profit organizations, funded at $54 million a year, and the $172 million in time donated by members of the Bar to serve these needy families.
.. emergency assistance during times of crisis.
The law school is limited in these recessionary times because it's impractical to raise tuition significantly to gain the difference from lost state appropriations.
But the sizable reduction in Colombia's crop means that for the first time overall coca production in the Andes is dropping at a rapid pace.
Or so the story says, quoting five experts in support along the way, before swerving abruptly to a "to be sure" 11th paragraph that says Y2K preparedness "posed an enormous distraction, soaking up time and money that might have been plowed into projects with a more immediate payoff," and that "much of the investment went to inoculate older technology against the computer bug rather than to embrace the newest processes that could revolutionize the way work is done."
A retailer’s decision about what to stock will depend on a variety of considerations, including the demand forecast for the product, the level of product availability it wishes to provide to customers, the frequency with which it will place replenishment orders, and the lead time to acquire replenishment units.
Thus, cells carry out measurements and record them all the time.
It's one of the few times you won't find the two together.
Indy Reads is working to change these statistics, one life at a time.
But to go any further than that would mean that a reporter's veracity could be questioned each and every time something like this comes up.
It’s tempting to try to sandwich everything into just a couple of days, but be sure to leave time in your schedule to get sidetracked in a colorful food market or an alley of antiques shops, or to peek in a quiet courtyard.
"I was, for a long time.
They are a sailor’s paradise because the numerous safe anchorages and bays have been enhanced in modern times by comprehensive back-up facilities for sailors.
It would be wonderful if you could take the time to visit your School, and see for yourself the progress we have made over the years and share in the pride of our heritage!
Once source tells the Times that in response to a direct question from Clinton, Yeltsin flatly denied the charges.
The New York Times reported that the Pentagon had warned the administration that "Milosevic was likely to strike out viciously against Kosovo Albanians."
If it was simply a matter of selecting a text that gives two contradicting scientific theories equal time, that would be an entirely different matter, but it's not.
Throughout this time, the number of visitors has continued to grow, as has the volume of motor traffic.
It was at this time, 1864, that the government initiated the practice of printing “IN GOD WE TRUST” on our coins and currency.
Indeed the time required to create all possible proteins at least once is at least the ratio of possible proteins to the maximum number of reactions that can have occurred in the lifetime of the universe, or times the lifetime of the universe.
Thus, enzymatic reactions or rearrangement of components in the cytosol could occur for some time during fixation.
A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp living, dedicated staff and instruction, and a chance to make special friends.
I've having a time finding the muscles to pee as it is.
Within quantum mechanics, there is an appropriate way to consider the discrete analogue of Schrödinger’s equation, namely a means over time of evolving amplitudes from an initial distribution.
In a relatively short time he produced an impressive body of work that includes institutional, commercial, and residential buildings.
For some, “occasionally” means several times a year; for a few, it means several times a week.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process—and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology.
In fact, its history dates back some 1,600 years, even though most of what can be seen, in the town at least, dates from the time of the Catholic Monarchs and later.
"The profundity of an artist such as we won't see again for some time" (Sarah Kaufman, the Washington Post ). Critics forgive his use of goofy gimmicks--he improvises a dance to his own heartbeat, which is amplified by a device affixed to his chest--focusing instead on the credibility he has given modern dance, having switched from classical ballet in midcareer.
For this year's entering class, we had more than five times the number of applications for every freshman seat.
In time, the kingdom of Babylon was overthrown and the Israelites were permitted to return to Jerusalem in 539 b.c.
Thus, if you think of a string as a closed loop, that loop might live on the long tube in two ways, either wrapped around the tube one or more times or not wrapped around the tube, but lying on the tube’s surface like a rubber band lying on a surface.
Time says that in 1995 when Willey decided to get back at a former lover, Shaun Docking, she told him she was pregnant.
Along with six floors of shops and restaurants, open-air terraces, and quirky decorations, visitors will find the local half-price ticket booth, Times Arts Tix (Tel.
..four times.
He has no time to waste.
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste.
The holiday season is the time of year when we're all busy buying gifts, baking goodies, decorating our homes and making arrangements to be with family and friends.
It's summertime, so it must be time for CAMP!
With this in mind, I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $50, $100 or even $1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances.
We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole.
Thank you very much for your time, attention and consideration.
Chatterbox considered but rejected the idea of awarding Rabinowitz bonus points for having "eventually convinced" Broaddrick to grant an interview to the New York Times (as the Times reports in today's story).
For her part, Rabinowitz explains to Chatterbox that her efforts on behalf of the Times were more indifferent than the Times made them sound.
I passed this on to [ Times reporter] Felicity Barringer during our second day's interview chat.
"Giuliani makes Ken Starr look like a patsy," cried Time this week.
The Times emphasizes the larger geopolitical context.
The finding, if it holds up, says the Times , may lead to a simple way for airline travelers to fight jet lag.
Ashcroft ordered all special interest immigration hearings closed to the public, family members, and press; directed government attorneys to seek denial of bond until such time as they were "cleared" of terrorist connections by the FBI and other agencies; and ordered the identity of the detainees kept secret.
Franks told us that he was pushing independently to do more robust planning on military responses in Iraq during the summer before 9/11-a request President Bush denied, arguing that the time was not right.
Archaeology shows that, during this time, societies lived mainly in coastal trading towns with little settlement inland.
At the same time, the massive growth in air and road transport saw shipping decline in importance.
Much of the best Islamic architecture in the city was constructed in the Mameluke era, but the past thousand years had taken their toll: Jerusalem was unable to regain the prosperity it had enjoyed in earlier times.
This deeper meaning lay, embedded in the text, ready to come alive for the first time as their Declaration became the sacred text of the American abolitionist movement.
“IN GOD WE TRUST” became a popular motto, appearing for the first time on the nation’s coinage in 1864.
So it would not revert back to an unprotected realm, if you will, at the time of trial.
I believe that to the extent -- and I've said this now several times -- that the reporters' testimony is necessary in order to invoke the residual hearsay exception under Rule 807, that the defendants have to have an opportunity to examine the reporters on the same topics and subjects that I would allow the plaintiffs to question them on during their case-in-chief, nothing more and nothing less.
Your Honor, one thing I might ask, since it is perhaps likely that issues are going to arise during the deposition, I'm wondering if we could now attempt to schedule the deposition at a time when everybody, including Your Honor, might be available to intercede.
Now, did there come a time when you learned that the Dover Area School District Board of Directors was considering approval of a biology textbook?
And what was the basis for you learning that at that time?
Did there come a time when -- let me withdraw that.
So was that an accurate reflection of your memory at the time that the deposition was taken?
So that the first time that the school board would know that you were upset with their actions is when they learned of you being a plaintiff in this lawsuit.
One at a time.
Bill Buckingham said to her -- and I know Bill Buckingham because at the time he lived down the street from my grandparents and for many years lived there.
Now, during the time that you were at the meeting, did you hear any discussion among the board members about the reasons for the proposed change to the biology curriculum?
And it appears to be historical mainly in context of Darwin's time frame and what he did for science.
There were a couple instances where friends of mine had tried to check on the status of the books in the library but were not permitted to go in at that time.
Not at this time, Your Honor.
Ten pages on (page 17), water occurs nine times but there are also the related words stream (twice), well (twice), pool, channel , and the circumlocution “essential element.
I thought that was surely the first time I had ever seen such an obvious typographical error in, of all things, a simple title on a simple 78-rpm record.
During my time in senior high, and, after that, in the Army Air Force, I had other things on my mind (there was a war on, after all), and I didn't give the MUSKRAT-MUSKAT-MUSCAT RAMBLE problem any thought.
Ten pages on (page 17), water occurs nine times but there are also the related words stream (twice), well (twice), pool, channel , and the circumlocution “essential element.”
For the most part, the book consists of a rewriting of history, from the dawn of time, with the purpose of demonstrating two main themes: the “fact” that women were responsible for all the important contributions to the advancement of civilization (as the development of agriculture, for instance), often despite the arrogance and stupidity of men; and the “fact” that women have long been subjected to domination by men.
1) adj being before especially in time or arrangement
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays, his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer: he must do his utmost to be accurate; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers; and he must write well.
True, there is an occasional mention in his column of a point raised by a correspondent, and the Letters section of the Magazine prints a comment from time to time, but an important feature of the books is their inclusion of far more writer-reader interaction than one might suspect from reading the column alone.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language . One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
These are particularly exciting times at the Indianapolis Museum of Art: Progress continues on the J.K.
He has lived in a series of residential hotels since that time, eking out his days with a faithful friend as he nears the age of 100.
In A Regular Guy , Simpson apparently has concluded that the time has come to be witheringly ironic, rather than comic, about the American Dream.
A detailed study of the regions where different signaling pathways are active during embryogenesis (Schohl and Fagotto 2002) showed that the entire ectoderm is probably exposed to FGF signals at or prior to the time of neural induction, with the more vegetal, mesoderm-proximal region of the ectoderm being exposed to higher levels.
"Thank the Goddess of Compassion Quan Yin, she didn't have time to develop a pesky "self," comments Merle's fading bark.
Following the enzyme replacement trial, no significant change in the global CBF was found at the 20-minutes post-acetazolamide time point in the ERT group compared to the placebo group, however, the resting global CBF in the ERT group was significantly decreased (p = 0.026).
' The doctor in charge was not available to speak with The Times."
The last time court filing fees were increased in Clay County to help fund the program was in 1998, when commissioners approved an increase from $5 to $10.
Comrades from that time equivocate, but refuse to agree to his description of himself as physically repellent; they note his honey-blond hair worn slightly too long and asking for the discipline of a good brushing, a well-developed physique and a mind quick to discern tactical opportunities in the contestations with the emerging Nazi movement.
The New York Times reports that divers searching the Sea of Marmara Saturday, for the first time since the disaster, found more than 150 bodies, apparently those of Turks who lived in houses facing the water.
Immunoprecipitations from the transfected cell lysates were performed with anti-FLAG antibody coupled Agarose beads (Sigma) and then the beads were washed six times in the lysis buffer.
58 If Time, Not Space; If Space, Not Time
The dilemma on whose horns you ride is that sometimes "not ready" means just that, and at other times it really does mean "not you."
The small size of the A. thaliana genome may be indicative of a trend toward streamlining of DNA in this plant, which may have eliminated a redundant subunit A gene over evolutionary time.
Hey now it's time for you and me . .
I was turned down, but not entirely discouraged, and decided to return to the fray several years later, when I had more time.
An infinitely dense RI map should average four times the length of the conventional one-generation F2 map.
As we children of the baby boom grew older we had more free time than any previous generation on earth, free time to undergo the tidal waves of adolescent hormones and to read Catcher in the Rye and even On the Road in study halls, although we also memorized Pledges of Allegiance, Declarations of Independence and believed them.
Following the incubation, the cells were washed 5 times with ice-cold PBS and subjected to enzyme activity assay as described above.
We will read from marxian and freudian commentators on queer desires and queer cultures, including contemporaries like Foucault, Butler, Bersani, Wittig, Beck Also, we examine the documentation of queer legality and criminality in such works as Times Square Red, Times Square Blue, Queer Diasporas, The Social Construction of a Gay Drug, Resentment, The Crystal Diary, and Macho Sluts.
(This story also makes the USAT and Los Angeles Times fronts and the WSJ front news box and gets a front-page "reefer" at the WP .) The LAT leads with the Clinton administration's expected announcement today of a plan for giving minority firms preferences in the awarding of government contracts when independent surveys show that their share of federal business is smaller than their overall market share.
Controlling for planning and drainage, the wealthiest, best educated households were five times more likely that households in the lowest wealth and education categories to adopt multiple mosquito-avoidance activities in the family compound (OR = 5.15; 95% CI = 2.04,12.
Time for action in Nairobi.
When asked about his role as appropriations chairman in this year's sloppily assembled half-trillion dollar budget bill, he replied that he had said at the time, "This is ugly, but we have to pass it and get out of here and go get re-elected."
To measure the workload elements needed to calculate the evaluated time, a National Mail Count for most rural routes is conducted periodically in accordance with the labor agreement between the United States Postal Service and the union of rural carriers.
The origins of this cultural movement in Cold War economics and politics and the emergence of vibrant social movements of African-Americans, Latinos, Women and youth can be glimpsed through documentary film and the "underground" press of the times: Chicago Seed, Berkeley Barb, RAT, and East Village Other.
Meanwhile says the Times and the other majors, at the Thompson hearings, former senior WH aide Harold Ickes also staunchly defended Clinton campaign finance practices.
Mivacurium is a short acting benzylisoquinoline non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent, with a demonstrated safety and efficacy both in children and adults [ 1 2 3 ] . It has been in clinical use for a long time and the clinical pharmacology has been widely documented.
"It's during times of fear when civil liberties are most at risk," Crew said.
Boys in the Band than a gay Big Chill ," says Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly . The New York Times ' Stephen Holden, in dissent, extols the film's "richly nuanced" performances and its "intense mood of Chekhovian sadness."
If the patient awoke with stroke symptoms, the time of onset is taken as the last time the patient was known to be awake and without any symptoms of stroke.
The reader is here instructed to imagine these two as if they were principal characters in Ernest Hemingway's various stories about Nick Adams, principally in In Our Time and Men Without Women.
The LAT uses its later close time to file a front-pager on the Republican candidates' debate last night in Arizona.
This corresponds to a total input of 524 millimoles into the portal vein ("organ = liver") with a Hill coefficient ("hn") of 1.87 and a half time ("tend") of 48.
A legitimate CD bought in Jakarta's business district would cost six times that.
Both the New York Times and Los Angeles Times headlines say that it's a U.N. force that's coming.
The objective was to preserve the edges of the end plates while at the same time eliminating as many of the other extraneous edges as possible.
The name Siefried appears frequently after that time in the Soviet archives of clandestine operatives.
I admire Pynchon; I'm wowed by him at times; but the truth is I'm happy leaving him to the experts whose academic labs gave birth to him.
They involve techniques such as graphic data displays, tabulations of event frequencies, and chronological or time series orderings.
It is interesting to observe that Dryden, born only fifteen years after the death of Shakespeare, should a mere forty years later regard him as being of another age: clearly, three centuries ago people had quite a perception of time different from our own, largely, I believe, brought about by our more thorough documentation of the past hundred years in books, newspapers and other periodicals, photographs, films, and, more recently, videos.
The recombinant protein was purified on anti-HA-conjugated beads and washed two times in TGEMD buffer (20 mM Tris (pH 7.9), 20% (v/v) glycerol, 1 mM EDTA, 5 mM MgCl 2 , 0.1% NP-40, 0.2 mM PMSF, 1 μg/ml leupeptin, 1.4 μg/ml pepstatin A, and 1 mM DTT) containing 1 M NaCl and an additional two times in TGEMD buffer containing 0.2 M NaCl.
Many great and influential books were written during that time: The Rise and Fall of Great American Cities , The Organization Man , The Protestant Establishment , Silent Spring , The Feminist Mystique , The Lonely Crowd (which you worked on, I believe), The Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism , The Machine in the Garden , The Image --I could go on and on ...
In the ab initio category, as with comparative modelling, the first CASP experiments did not live up to the results previously published in the literature [ 16 19 ] . It was not until CASP3 (the first time where we took part in this category) that the first consistent positive results were seen: several groups were able to predict the correct topologies for small proteins, or large fragments of a protein (~60-80 residues to about 6.0 Å C α RMSD relative to the experimental conformation) [ 22 25 ] .
"This action by queer, transgender and intersex activists loudly demonstrates our collective outrage at what is occurring in hospitals around the country five times a day to non-consenting children We acted to show the lies in the twisting of "Sexual Orientation" and "Gender Identity and/or Expression," Medicalization of Anatomy, and the insistence of society to place people in the binary sex model, wherein a man is a man and expresses masculine characteristics, while a woman is a woman and expresses feminine characteristics, and their sexual dichotomy exists for procreation.
But, let's get one thing straight; Hitler knew how to read, and my grandmother didn't, and I'll take my grandmother any time.
Plant biologists have been fascinated by the regulatory capacity of phytohormones since the time of their discovery, and the notion that hormone levels or responses could be manipulated to improve desired plant traits has long been an area of intense interest.
For time beheld thee as her sacred dower
Perhaps the most remarkable thing about this market is that even in a time of seeming universal buoyancy, when the Nasdaq was up 80-plus percent in 1999 and you could not seem to go wrong as an investor if you were buying anything with a .com at the end of its name or a B2B (business-to-business) label attached to its business model, there are lots of tech stocks that are not doing especially well.
Former NORAD official Alan Scott testified that the time of impact of United 175 was 9:02.
We will read from marxian and freudian commentators on queer desires and queer cultures, including contemporaries like Foucault, Butler, Bersani, Wittig, Beck Also, we examine the documentation of queer legality and criminality in such works as Times Square Red, Times Square Blue, Queer Diasporas, The Social Construction of a Gay Drug, Resentment, The Crystal Diary, and Macho Sluts.
It's all "bullets, bombs, and boobs--the biggest boob being Van Damme, natch" (Rod Dreher, the New York Post ). But "for those eager to bid adieu to their credibility for 82 minutes," at least the action "rarely flags" (Lawrence Van Gelder, the New York Times ).
Treatment of rats with endotoxin caused a time dependent decrease in Annexin V binding by adherent vascular lung neutrophils.
Are your thoughts consoling you in these troubling times?"
Drivers use symbols all the time to know how and where to drive.
The increase in spending at any one time due to the wealth effect would be expected to be small, given a life-cycle saver's tendency to spread consumption of a significant change in wealth over time.
When the girls are near the tree, the ceremonial horn is again sounded, this time indicating that it is time for the boys to start the race.
Reviews praise the movie's depiction of the repressed Japanese middle class and its "Fred and Ginger sweetness" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). But some critics complain it's too languid and drawn out.
Mean growth at extreme temperatures tended to decrease, but mean growth rates across a range of moderate temperatures actually increased over time.
We like sameness--men particularly like sameness, and they seek to be the same all the time.
"Well, it's about time Edith Wharton finished that sequel."
The assay is based on the principle of incubating cells with the non-radioactive thymidine analogue BrdU, which is added to the cells an media at the time of seeding and incorporated into the genomic DNA.
We had such good times, until the whole thing turned Nazi."
The WP reports that AOL, having reprogrammed its computers to allow much longer screen-names, has also taken the step of preventing subscribers from using as their log-ons any of the celebrity names that are now for the first time technically available.
However, the continued success of these companies over time in a competitive marketplace indicated that their practices were important and key to their operations.
He doesn't have much time today, as his friend Mary (a model for MonaLisa of the Desert) is coming down from the central coast and Walt, another friend, may join them for dinner. "
A real, untarnished hero in a time of flawed public figures such as Clinton."
All three models use the "pair-grammar" formalism described in [ 18 ] . A standard hidden Markov model (HMM) generates a single observable sequence by emitting single residues, whereas a pair-HMM generates two aligned sequences X, Y by emitting a pair of aligned residues at a time (or single residues in either sequence to deal with insertion and deletion).
Flintstone Times (The All News That's Fit to Print), March 22, 30,004 BC
(Michael Hirschorn, editor in chief of Spin , and Gerald Marzorati, editorial director of the New York Times Magazine , discuss the album this week in  Slate 's "Music Club."
States like Minnesota and New Jersey spend three times more than California to meet the poor's legal needs, Connecticut and Massachusetts spend more than twice as much, and countries like England, Canada, Australia, Scotland and New Zealand spend anywhere from two to 14 times more proportionately than California, despite the fact that California has the world's sixth largest economy.
By the time of the High Paleolithic or Neolithic cultures of these caves, societies had evolved far beyond the basic divisions of child rearing and other tasks.
Aside from the hours spent documenting such feats, and recovering from them, Burden's art didn't occupy much of his time.
After electroporation, cells were either plated directly on multiwell plates for harvest at short time periods (typically 4 days or less) or on tissue culture dishes for trypsinization and seeding onto multiwell plates one or two days before final harvest for longer time periods.
47 A Time for Action
Background: After the New York Times reported Jan.
  (Much-edited) LA Times
--and time expired while the verse was internally recited.
The entire inner surface was then sandblasted by rotating the coping four times, each time 90 degrees.
From the ancient times to present
In the first place, the creation of frequent-flyer programs has let the rich get richer, in the sense that customers only reap the benefits of those programs if they fly the same airline each time.
When they arrived, Slahi explained that it was difficult to get to Chechnya at that time because many travelers were being detained in Georgia.
Much of his writing of the time speaks fondly of Helga:
Mexico's ruling party lost control of the national assembly for the first time in 68 years.
A main concern of mass treatment programs is whether or not the decreases in transmission will be sustainable over time and will eliminate completely transmission of microfilaria to mosquitoes.
But nonetheless there was a time, a couple of decades ago, when we were comrades-in-arms--when he and I, along with several dozen other people, helped make a revolution in economic theory.
To insure that readings were being taken in the linear range of the enzyme activity, standard curves were generated with respect to both time and amount of protein added.
When the girls are near the tree, the ceremonial horn is again sounded, this time indicating that it is time for the boys to start the race.
Time 's cover package attacks corporate welfare: "In some ways, it represents pork-barrel legislation of the worst order.
For estimating the age-specific incidence of cancer among controls, we used data collected up to the time of the last screen, which was 4 years after the start of the study.
As we children of the baby boom grew older we had more free time than any previous generation on earth, free time to undergo the tidal waves of adolescent hormones and to read Catcher in the Rye and even On the Road in study halls, although we also memorized Pledges of Allegiance, Declarations of Independence and believed them.
Average titers for four animals per group are shown in Figure 6. Immunization with the modified enzyme resulted in higher titers of antigen-specific IgG at early time points in the immunization protocol (Figure 6a).
Wernie Heisenberg told me, 'The hope that new experiments will lead us back to objective events in time and space is about as well founded as the hope of discovering the end of the world in the unexplored regions of the Antarctic.
USA Today and the Washington Post lead with the rejection of a proposed merger of the nation's two main teachers' unions by the membership of one of them, the National Education Association (and this is the off-lead at the New York Times and is above the fold at the Los Angeles Times ). The NYT leads with the retreat of the nation's biggest HMOs from managed care programs for the poor and the elderly.
Therefore, the transfections were repeated multiple times to control for variability in transfection efficiency.
Richard Bernstein praises the novel as "a funny, melancholy, romantic, disturbing, character-rich window on the war" (the New York Times ). But others complain that "the influences of Joseph Heller's classic Catch-22 and Louis de Bernières' recent Corelli's Mandolin are rather too blatantly present" and make the novel feel overly familiar.
It has been documented that physicians tend to be more selective in their ICU admissions at times of bed shortages, with patients with higher severity of illness being admitted [ 25].
At the time of the surgical operation the girl hardly feels any pain for the simple reason that her limbs have been numbed, and the operation is over before she is conscious of it.
The New York Times , Washington Post , and Los Angeles Times lead with President Clinton's surprise announcement that his proposed 1999 federal budget will be balanced.
Thus, there may be time points at which certain thymic microenvironments are populated by dendritic cells that, for stochastic reasons, all utilize the same X chromosome.
If there can be a framework in which time enters naturally, and possibly there is a natural flow of time, or an arrow of time preferentially from past to future, then, among other possible consequences, we may be able to break the matter-antimatter symmetry, for antimatter can be stated as the corresponding matter flowing backward in time.
We also hope you'll take time out from your spring planting to make a gift in honor of Joe's garden.
(One Texas newspaper not long ago called Henry Cisneros, the former secretary of Housing and Urban Development now under indictment, "the most skilled politician of our times."
We now know many facts about Minoan Crete including that at the height of its influence, the population probably numbered more than 2 million, about four times greater than today’s figure, with 100,000 people in the capital, Knossós.
1% lower costs (p = 0.02) [ 7 ] . They believed that many of the benefits were seen because of delivery of computerized decision support at the time of ordering.
In category theory it seems necessary to specify ahead of time all the possible domains and ranges and mappings under consideration.
Even if we have not engaged in formal extracurricular activities, however, many more of us have helped each other-by reviewing homework problems in one of the student lounges, by participating in group projects in classes--meeting sometimes after class hours, by taking time to listen to a classmate's personal problems, or just by socializing between classes.
At the same time, the annual survey of drug use by the National Institute for Justice shows a change in attitude by the young.
Buddha’s steadfast resistance to temptation gave the painters of that time a splendid pretext to show the sensual side of court life as a foil to the Master’s spirituality.
This occurred about the same time of the year that the Catholic Church celebrated the birth of Christ.
We'll welcome their call and do our best to help them through the difficult time, so they can get on with their lives.
The traditional Qing Dyna­sty style of the mansion is enlivened by a few West­ern touches: a Baroque-style ceiling and stained glass above the doorways, showing the builder’s up-to-date attitude at the time of construction.
Thereafter, mutations were identified en masse, by pooling all of the reads from 25 to 30 samples at a time and reassembling with the program polyphred, using the phred-PhrapPoly script (obtained from Natalie Kolker, University of Washington Genome Center).
"I make sure he gets his lunch on time, take his blood tests throughout the day, and make sure there's a snack around," JoAnn said. "
Also in Time : A profile of Zairian rebel leader Kabila predicts that he'll topple Mobutu, but notes that he's only succeeding because Uganda and Rwanda are helping him.
This time there was no Hunyadi to lead the weakened nation, and the king, Lajos (Louis) II, and much of his army were killed at the battle of Mohács (in southern Hungary) in 1526.
The results of the diaphragm strip physiological studies are detailed in Table 3. It is notable that the physiological parameters that have previously been most strongly correlated with a shift to slower MHC isoforms (time to peak tension, and fatiguing characteristics) were significantly altered in the expected direction in the emphysematous versus control diaphragm strips.
This is in sharp contrast to the familiar idea that the persistent increase in entropy of the second law of thermodynamics is the cause of the arrow of time.
However, these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education, because legislative appropriations are either flat or in the decline.
"Israel at 50 is not facing a midlife crisis, but a succession of second childhoods," the Times said.
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares, where the local people smile “hello” and, if you’re lucky, point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time.
Over time, personal saving could increase if individuals choose to save more to pay for health care in their old age.
There's still time to be listed in the ALUMNI BULLETIN and for us to send you an invitation to the Century Club reception on May 3rd.
The Times attributes the increasing involvement of NGOs to "the growing complexity of the international agenda," advanced technology and communications, and declining government involvement in the post-Cold War era.
First-time visitors will understandably want to spend most or all of their time in Rome, but the area surrounding the capital makes a pleasant excursion within fairly easy reach of Rome for those adventurers with wheels and extra time.
The resin was washed six times in a denaturing wash buffer (8 M urea, 0.1 M NaH 2 PO 4 and 0.01 M Tris•Cl, pH 6.3) and then boiled for 10 minutes in equal volumes of 2 × SDS loading buffer.
Assume that the manufacturing lead time—the amount of time required to go from a production order to a product ready for shipping to retail—is less than one week.
But time is marching on and I know all of you will want to make plans to attend the 1991 IU Fall Dental Conference.
Wednesday's bombing made Page A5 of the New York Times and Page A33 of the Washington Post (as a wire story).
Much of Athens closes down during the heat of August (though not those relating to tourism) and many people head to the coast for the cooler air, therefore you find the resorts very busy at this time.
However, we were able to reduce cycle time and increase throughput using the shotgun strategy adopted for sequencing the DGCr2 clones.
Thus, achieving a smooth space and time is supposed to be a consequence of an adequate theory of quantum gravity.
We don't waste time as we are helping the community.
The Los Angeles Times lead is a poll putting George W. Bush first among Republican voters and Elizabeth Dole second, and purporting to show that each right now would beat Al Gore.
To the right of the loggia (north of the basilica), is the restored Torre dell’Orologio (Clock Tower), reopened in 2000 in time for its 500th anniversary.
Fiberoptic sensors that are used in clinical medicine for automatic and continuous measurements of blood gases [ 43, 44] have a rapid response time [ 45].
At various times he wrote pamphlets for the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
But there's no reason why we shouldn't share good news at the same time.
--comprising guys who have gained 50 pounds since high school, guys who know their way around a search engine but, what with the wife and the child support and the gas bills and all those $7 bottles of wine, lack the loose dollars and idle time that can buy true American style.
Three strategies are for finding systematic reviews, practice guidelines, and traditional review articles, and the fourth will find original research using validated search filters [ 8 ] . In addition, SUMSearch automatically reformats and re-executes the search for original research multiple times until the best possible results are found.
At its core, statistical mechanics relies on the same kind of statistical argument as does the flipping of a fair coin , times.
This year, your Class of 1943 celebrates its golden anniversary, and it's time once again to reminisce about your days at DePauw.
You know,this is no time for these questions,your lit feet are fluttering,you're sinking, diving, plummeting--
At the same time, the new government instituted sweeping, enlightened programs to eradicate illiteracy and provide free universal schooling and health care.
At the majority of project sites, for example, procurement of items costing less than $25,000 required between one and five signatures; each approval beyond the first one added to the time required for the procurement and created inefficiency, revenue loss, and a potential danger to the staff and public when safety corrections were delayed.
If a part must be reworked, it is done on the operator’s own time.
I guess I encourage this method because I've always made my contributions this way, it's a "painless" method and at tax time I enjoy the deduction.
The larger conceptual breakthrough is the Times ' discovery of the single factor--altitude, or the lack thereof--that can explain all plane crashes past and future.
In ancient times the way was lined with shrines and tombs, which are now and again brought to light when redevelopment takes place.
--The cost of property, plant, and equipment (PP&E) acquired through an exchange of assets with the public is the fair value of the PP&E surrendered at the time of exchange.
The Salvation Army received a note not long ago from a woman who makes contributions to our programs from time to time.
We had compulsory attendance at Episcopal chapel services eight times a week.
Interestingly, the specific activity of the ΔTPR-PfPP5 enzyme was about 3-times that of the full-length PfPP5 without arachidonic acid (580 ± 35 nmoles of 32P per minute per mg enzyme; Fig.
The battle had turned the tide of the war—just barely, mind you—and it was time that the president began to articulate the meaning of the long suffering that culminated in the gruesome hand-to-hand fighting in the Gettysburg fields.
But, it is high time that we establish direct contact with all alumni from all the graduation years, from all Department activities and areas.
The New York Times lead gets right to the political consequences of the report--the House must now decide if Starr's case merits the start of impeachment proceedings.
The first wave of California immigrants arrived somewhere between 20,000 and 35,000 years ago — wandering Asiatic tribes who entered the American continent via the Bering Strait, which at that time was dry land, or perhaps covered in ice.
Increased expression of AChRs could decrease the dissolution of aggregates, thereby increasing aggregate size, density, and (over time) number.
In the figure, we assume that the order-fulfillment rate equals 97 percent and the order-fulfillment lead time is three weeks.
Of course, at that time my rent was $50.
Some examples: The number of diabetes cases rose 33 percent among blacks, three times the increase among whites.
It is the oldest green in Dublin, dating back to medieval times, although formally laid out as a public park only in 1880.
Retention time (if applicable)
Finally, voluntary agreements among channel participants to ensure compliance—which sometimes have arisen from efforts to increase public pressure—have been employed at various times.
Among the many traditions of the holiday season is taking time to reflect upon the things in our lives that add meaning.
The Times also mentions that two movies coming out later this year deal with the scenario of threatened interstellar collisions.
If you can, camp overnight, as dawn is the perfect time to enjoy the view of its red cliffs and bizarre pillars of granite topped with tufts of balsam fir and black spruce, revealed at low tide.
Our analysis focused on domains of data that were consistently collected in both NAMCS and NHAMCS for the time period 1992–2002, including patient demographic and geography characteristics, reasons for visit (up to three), diagnoses (up to three), new and continuing medications (up to five in 1992–1994 and six in 1995–2002), and lifestyle counseling services provided or ordered at the visit.
Assume that the retailer wishes to provide a 95 percent order-fulfillment rate for this SKU, that the retailer checks inventory once per week, and that the manufacturer’s lead time to deliver replenishment units is overnight.
I'm sure that stepping into private practice for the first time will be intimidating enough; but doing so without the best training possible would be twice as stressful.
This is another big idea to me and one that I have been waiting to happen for a long time.
The town tumbles down the southern end of the Mount of Olives, which is known here as the “Mount of Offense,” a name acquired in the time of Solomon.
Interestingly, the 4 hour time point corresponded to the highest level of TNF-α mRNA expression shown in Fig.
These industries have often been chosen as the means for building manufacturing capacity in the developing world; at the same time they have been the recipient of trade protection in developed economies.
For the first time, however, the department has received a $1000 gift to begin a scholarship fund to benefit geography students only.
And things get curiouser and curiouser as the LAT tries to report on the possible wrongdoing here while at the same time exculpating its own prior interactions with Starr.
But by the time concerted action could be planned, the invaders had moved onto a broad offensive.
To accelerate vaccine development, the plan urgently needs to be supplemented with a list of specific tasks, responsible individuals, necessary resources, and allocated time.
During this time 34 students have been selected by the dental hygiene faculty to receive scholarship awards.
Arecession at any time in the next five years also would add greatly to the difficulty.
Always remember to cover young skin with a strong sunblock and to limit children’s exposure time for the first few days.
Contrary to a widely held misperception, no NYPD helicopter predicted the fall of either tower before the South Tower collapsed, and no NYPD personnel began to evacuate the WTC complex prior to that time.
However, over time it will tend to spread out over all possibilities, and the sum of the probabilities of occupancy times macrostate volumes will increase to the equilibrium value.
Just a moment of your time, if you can, to talk about a ten dollar bill.
We don't waste time as we are helping the community.
This is the time of year when we give thanks for the warmth and love that surrounds us.
Yes, it's that time of the year -- the start of the Boys & Girls clubs of Indianapolis' Camp.
A short time later, the Community Youth Mapping Project sent 55 young people out into the community to identify the resources they need to grow up well: caring adults, safe places to go, and positive things to do.
It's the perfect time to make a world of difference.
And besides, Rabinowitz's efforts on the Times ' behalf weren't really unethical, just puzzling, given the two newspapers' intense rivalry.
Broaddrick told me Sunday that a Times reporter had appeared at the house in the a.m., and that she had refused an interview," Rabinowitz writes in an e-mail message.
So--that's how it happens that in the New York Times piece today I'm described--solemnly--as having 'eventually convinced' her to repeat the story to the New York Times."
Giuliani's estrangement from his wife, Donna Hanover, is made clear in an interview with Hanover that appears in today's New York Times . Hanover "would not say whether Giuliani would run for the Senate, whether she would like him to run for Senate, or whether she would campaign for him if he did.
It's odd, however, that in repeating this charge, the Times didn't interview the man most closely associated with it, Christopher Hitchens, or refer to the book where he set it out, The Missionary Position . Hmmm, wanna bet there was a copy of the book on somebody's desk at the Times though?
Yesterday's Los Angeles Times ran a story under the headline "Paula Jones Works on Her Court Appearance," which, illustrated by pictures of Jones, was all about the various looks she's had since stepping on the public stage.
If Clinton, as is now increasingly clear, was a time bomb waiting to explode, then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking.
In this restricted National Security Council meeting, the President said it was a time for self-defense.
The President blamed al Qaeda for 9/11 and the 1998 embassy bombings and, for the first time, declared that al Qaeda was "responsible for bombing the USS Cole."
The island communities were undecided about which side to back for a time.
Since this time, membership has been of great monetary benefit to the country.
He reigned from 37 to 4 b.c. , during which time he fortified the Hasmonean wall and rebuilt the defense towers beside Jaffa Gate, the foundation of which still stand.
At the same time, many Jews sought religious freedom and fulfillment by moving to Palestine (as the Holy Land was traditionally called) and especially to Jerusalem.
The quest for redemption from the original sin of slavery continues in our own time.
Trust in God can generate diverse conclusions, but this does not subtract from the obvious way in which, at the time, faith in God and the Bible nourished the radical claims of human equality.
But I was as clear as I could possibly be that what is at issue here would be, for example, the particular events that the reporters wrote about and questions such as -- simple questions, did they attend the meeting, did they hear them say the comments, did they write the story immediately after, did they take notes at the time of the meeting.
And it will be abbreviated because of the time constraints on me, but we'll issue it forthwith, and it will indicate that you're going to -- they're going to sit for depositions under those circumstances.
These things arise during trials from time to time.
Please tell us what you remember learning at that time.
And did there come a time when you learned that the school district board of directors was considering a supplemental textbook?
And that policy was implemented for the first time in January of 2005.
If that's what I said, that's what I recalled at the time, yes.
Did you ever speak to any of the reporters who had written the stories about what the Dover School Board was doing during this time?
Did there come a time when you learned that the Dover Area School District Board of Directors was considering a change to -- was considering approval of a biology textbook?
Unfortunately I was in the restroom at the time that Max Pell was speaking because -- my husband told you I was eight months pregnant.
But at the time when he stood to speak, I was in the restroom and sort of coming back from the restroom, so I don't really recall exactly what his comments were.
Before we start the cross-examination, I think this will be an appropriate time for our afternoon break.
Well, I'm aware that that statement was modified several times.
Now, did there come a time when you learned that the Dover Area School District Board of Directors was discussing or considering approval of a biology textbook?
And did you see it at the time?
At the time it seemed that creationism and intelligent design were kind of used hand-in-hand interchangeably.
Over the objection already of the defendants, we'll reaffirm that, but you can make any other objections you want to on the record, but I think that was thoroughly argued at that time.
Taking page 17 again, I was reminded that Giles is rather given to semi-serious poetic diction at times, and we find him referring to the presence of water in the Finke River as “the stream purling over its stony floor” or, quoting some bygone poet, “brightly the brook through the green leaflets, giddy with joyousness, dances along.
(This, remember, was in my youth, and it was a time when typographical errors were called typographical errors, not typos—at least by kids in junior high.)
Speaking of my time in the AAF, which was utterly undistinguished, I think I must make a confession.
Taking page 17 again, I was reminded that Giles is rather given to semi-serious poetic diction at times, and we find him referring to the presence of water in the Finke River as “the stream purling over its stony floor” or, quoting some bygone poet, “brightly the brook through the green leaflets, giddy with joyousness, dances along.”
Most of the relies from the past are gone forever, destroyed by the plows of countless generations of farmers, reduced to rubble by erosion, by conquerors, by prehistoric (and modern) urban developers, by fire and flood, and just by time.
Also, if you enter jump , you get the synonyms for that; but if you enter jumped , you get the (same) synonyms but inflected—including the variants leapt, leaped for leap . All in all, for a relatively primitive system, it is not too bad; but you would have to be in love with your computer to use it in preference to a far more complete books of synonyms available (especially The Synonym Finder , Rodale in the U.S. and Canada, Longman elsewhere, which offers more than 800,000 synonyms, more than three times the number listed in any other synonym book).
Those familiar with Safire's editorial style, reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off: I cannot put my finger on why, but “On Language” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute.
[From The Times , 15 January 1988]
One letter writer to The Times [21 June 1988] reported:
(please see The New York Times article I have included.)
At the same time, the inability to supply product to retailers or customers is another costly risk.
Anticipated outcomes from the spring survey include: 80% of youth will report increased supervised time in safe environments.
The actual city of Hollywood has not lived up to the idea of Hollywood for quite some time.
The little building manages to be comfortable, relaxed, archetypal, and vaguely ironic, all at the same time.
I do hope this is a convenient time for you to make a gift or commit to a five year pledge.
This is Edinburgh, a city which, since 1846, has marked time in its own distinctive style and to which, in return, time has bequeathed a rich legacy of monuments, myths, martyrs, and memories that make it a magnet for visitors.
(This manufacturer essentially followed an (R, s, S) policy as described in Chapter 6, with R = time period between orders= seven days, S = target inventory level = fourteen weeks, and s = reorder point = ten weeks.)
But for many of the children and seniors that Visiting Nurse Service cares for, it can also be a troubling time.
The city is not mentioned again in the Bible until the time of the great poet warrior, King David, who captured the city from the Jebusites in about 1000 b.c.
The shorter the lead time, the more quickly a firm is able to deliver products to retail customers.
These are exceedingly difficult times for public higher education.
In one important respect, however, nothing has changed all that much since the time of Marco Polo: China is still a unique experience, a country like no other.
Indeed, retailers like Wal-Mart Stores, Kmart Corporation, and Dillard’s Inc. have been the driving forces behind changes in manufacturing and logistics systems in a way that was unheard of in Bond Stores’ time.
We appreciate your taking time to read about Futures for Children, I hope you are inspired to become a Sponsor and/or a Member.
At all times it’s a good idea to wear a T-shirt or something light to protect your shoulders, as well as a hat.
Since vastly many more small cubes correspond to the nearly uniform distribution of particles, moving in all possible directions but bunched around an average velocity, it follows from the ergodic hypothesis that the system will have spent most of its time in this “equilibrium” macrostate.
It is time for the proverbial LAST CALL!
The exact cause remains unknown, but all the palaces were destroyed at the same time.
This hypothesis asserts that the trajectory of states leading from the initial state in a long stringlike “walk” will, over time, spend as much time in any small 6N cube as in any other cube.
I can think of no better time to continue extending grace to others than at Easter.
You would be well advised to book lodging, dining, and even tours ahead of time.
Then the number of pairwise collisions and reactions that can have occurred since the estimated time of the big bang fourteen billion years ago is times the number of femtoseconds since the big bang, which is about .
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior, or the choices she makes, can affect her future.
Passenger ships like the Natchez and the Belle of Memphis were palaces with food, drink, music, and romance, at a time when even short journeys could take many days.
This action can be thought of as having an amplitude and a phase, and the phase rotates through a full circle, pi, many times along the pathway.
At one time or another we have all met classmates in the lounges in the ET Building or the Administration Building at the 38th Street campus.
At the time it was built, many thought it absurd to have a tree-lined boulevard running through what was practically a wilderness.
Exactly how a manager divides production between plants with different production costs and cycle times depends on the details of the situation, such as those presented in the cases above.
There has never been a better time to join than right now.
Nonetheless, since ancient times the Dead Sea has been known for its healing powers.
The second law, in its modern understanding, is simply the statement that an isolated thermodynamic system will tend to flow away from improbable macrostates = corresponding to very few of our tiny 6N-dimensional cubes = and flow into and spend most of its time in the equilibrium macrostate for no better reason than that that macrostate corresponds to vastly many small 6N cubes in the entire 6N-dimensional phase space.
I have a place where dreams are born And time is never planned; It's not on any chart You must find it with your heart Never never land.
The King was only 19 when he died and there was little time to prepare a larger tomb more suitable for royalty, but it was still filled with treasures for use when the King arrived at the Other World.
Needless to say, a local, more expensive production line with long cycle times cannot compete with slower, low-cost producers, even when allowances are made for late deliveries, markdowns, and the like.
THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor, I will try To serve god and my country, To help people at all times, And to live by the Girl Scout Law.
If you are on a short visit to Japan, your excursion time might be better spent elsewhere.
The nation is born of history; the dead link us to time past.
These are exciting times at the Indianapolis Museum of Art: Our Corot to Picasso Special Exhibition, through April, is a great complement to our existing collection.
It is all that remains of Sevilla’s medieval fortifications, and in times of possible invasion a huge metal chain was hauled from here to the other riverbank to protect the harbor.
In 1992, the mean response time for replenishing products that the supplier had agreed to provide on this basis was 2.9 weeks among those business units that had adopted none of the four practices.
Unfortunately, these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education.
The Western Wall is one side of the Herodian retaining walls that support the vast ceremonial plaza built by Herod around the Second Temple to accommodate hundreds of thousands of Jewish pilgrims who visited the Temple in ancient times.
The Jumano Indians of Texas were reportedly visited by her approximately 500 times between 1621 and 1631.
Complete districts from that time are still in place, replete with multi-story houses (called tenements or “lands”), churches, taverns, and tollhouses.
Trust in God can generate diverse conclusions, but this does not subtract from the obvious way in which, at the time, faith in God and the Bible nourished the radical claims of human equality.
At this time, we also turn to friends like you, asking you to show that you share in our sense of pride by continuing to support the School's Annual Fund.
By the time the first great king of Hawaii died, in 1819, the underpinnings of native society were disintegrating.
He must try three times, overcoming many obstacles, before he succeeds in bringing the bones to the sky.
But is infinitesimally small compared to the number of possible proteins of length , namely, . In short, the known universe has not had time since the big bang to create all possible proteins of length once.
It's time for the annual Awards Ceremony.
So if time isn’t a major factor, the best way of getting the feel of the place is to walk.
Buildings are extremely complicated artifacts, and the time necessary to cultivate and refine a particular manner of building cannot be underestimated.
I will call you soon to arrange a time when I can introduce myself and, more importantly, introduce the many programs SEND is accomplishing in our neighborhood.
They exported salt from the southern end of the island and lead from the mines of Sant Carles, and at the same time extracted a purple dye from shellfish which was used for imperial cloaks.
The publication of the works of Charles S. Peirce, one of the most important scholarly editions in American letters, has been featured in the London Times Literary Supplement, the most widely read international book review in English.
At the same time, the massive growth in air and road transport saw shipping decline in importance.
At the same time, however, the famous maxim could also be understood as referring to “men” as collective entities: “all peoples have equal status.”
For the second year, the campaign was managed by the law school and current law students volunteered their time to call alumni.
Take time off from the city bustle for a stroll through the Jardin des Tuileries, named after a 13th-century tile works and now beautifully re-landscaped as part of a renovation plan for the Musée du Louvre to the east.
Newton was just ahead of his time.
At the same time, an architect named Robert Adam became popular in the fashionable circles of the well-to-do, having made a name for himself in England.
At most, a town might have a general store with a motley array of dry goods, based on a limited distribution system—one that relied on local producers and faraway supply houses with extremely long lead times and spotty delivery.
The IU School of Dentistry is limited in these times because it is impractical to raise tuition and fees sufficiently to offset lost state appropriations.
In the town around King’s Square are a delightful number of attractions that tell the story of St. George’s from the early 17th-century settlement to the changes that have taken place in modern times.
Center staff assists with the housing search, school decisions, drivers' licenses, leisure time activities, and daycare.
Indeed, this spreading is the first time step of the spreading of a purple avalanche of damage.
And at $20 for one and only $30 for two years, that's more value for less money than I've heard of in a long, long time!
He moved the court to Versailles, impoverished the nobility by forcing them to contribute to the incredible luxury of his palace, and imposed as their sole function the support of the king in time of war.
60 production costs) but have a two-week production lead time, rather than $13.
As an act of devotion at this religious time, colored volcanic sand, colored salt, or flower petals are painstakingly arranged on central paved areas to make up enormous artworks in the form of either elaborate abstract patterns or religious pictures, possibly copied from an Old Master.
The universe, in short, is breaking symmetries all the time by generating such novelties, creating distinctive molecules or other forms which had never existed before.
In a time of legislative budget cuts, every dollar helps to fund student programs and scholarships.
Take your time poring over the other sites of Temple Mount, which contains some fantastic medieval fountains, arches, and gateways.
Then all the pieces of the patterns must be laid out for the various units so that they can be cut at the same time.
Feel free to call me at any time for additional information about Herron.
However, those with more time can continue along the southwest coast.
At times she is seen as a beautiful woman, wearing a white dress, roaming back streets and country roads, crying and weeping.
The holiday season is the time of year when we're all busy buying gifts, baking goodies, decorating our homes and making arrangements to be with family and friends.
When you have explored the architectural delights of the Acropolis, take time to enjoy the views from its walls.
Many women have a difficult time finding a pair of jeans that fits to their satisfaction.
And our population is growing for the first time in decades.
The Persians coveted them over 7,000 years ago, and they were stepping-stones on the long East–West trading routes throughout Hellenistic and Roman times.
In practice, however, retail inventory management is fraught with challenges, such as long and uncertain order-fulfillment lead times, and errors in product identification and record keeping.
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier, the positive effects radiate throughout our community: The business community welcomes not only another worker, but a consumer with increased purchasing power.
Of course, the number of citizens (free adult males) was small — probably not above 30,000 — while the population as a whole, including women, children, resident aliens, and slaves, might have been ten times as great.
The figure of el pelado (the clown) distinctly exemplifies the rascuache outlook, the underdog figure, who is both victim and hero at the same time, a Cantinflas archetype.
More Hoosiers are working and earning higher incomes than at any time in our history.
The long, narrow park stretching southwest from Haghia Sophia is known as the Hippodrome (At Meydanı), and in Byzantine times that’s exactly what it was.
In addition, the same body of theory predicts that most species go extinct soon after their formation, while some live a long time.
Though no proof can be put forward for this claim, from the ancient votives left in the cave it was certainly very important during Minoan times.
Over time, the Earth system  or a larger one including the entire solar system or our galaxy or the local cluster of galaxies  flows from microstate to microstate.
Camp is now in full swing and the kids are having a great time.
The Wild West Ghost Town, White Water Rapids Ride, loop-the-loop roller coaster, and the Good Time Theater will keep the entire family entertained for hours on end.
Once again, this requires a combination of practices; by using advanced forecasting methods and innovative production techniques, apparel-makers may be able to respond in very short periods of time to point-of-sale information regarding sale of products with higher fashion content.
Spring seems to be a good time to contact graduates to request contributions to the Gertrude L. Gunn Scholarship Fund.
At this time, in all the Bahamas there were only about 2,000 settlers.
This was the first time in our history that constitutional amendments carried with them an expansion of Congressional authority.
Most of the time, its white coral sands are largely deserted.
Following secondary antibody incubation, samples were washed with PBS several times.
And, as the N particles in the bottle collide and exchange momenta, bouncing oV in new combinations of directions with new combinations of velocities according to Newton’s three laws of motion, the 6N numbers representing the system at each moment change in time through some succession of 6N numbers.
The staff member has mentioned several times to Becky that she should take the art home, but Becky doesn't want to; she wants the staff person to have it.
A "rancid little nothing of a movie" (Stephen Holden, the New York Times ) that's a grim, gross wannabe Farrelly brothers flick.
At the same time, Martin Luther’s new Christian doctrine, Protestantism, was spreading like wildfire across Europe.
They peaked close to the time of daughter cell separation and returned to interphase levels as the daughter cells returned to interphase morphology and behavior (Figure 3).
As Harlan repeats nearly thirty times in the course of his opinion, the “nation has liberated”45 the slaves, “the nation has established universal freedom in this country,”46 and blacks, denied citizenship in the Dred Scott decision, acquired their equal citizenship “in virtue of an affirmative grant from the nation.”
This is absolutely the last time that I will ask you to please donate a million dollars to the IUPUI Geology Alumni Fund.
In Dublin, the Irish Times quoted Mitchell as saying that sharing meals had been the key to the new rapprochement between the Catholic republicans and the Protestant Unionists.
The camera also spends an excessive amount of time dwelling on him, to a point where it becomes irritating to see him walking—frequently in slow motion— into yet another museum or laboratory.
But most firms that use foreign plants take longer, which is why we have chosen eleven weeks as the cycle time of the slower production line.
At this time of your 45th reunion of graduation from dental school, I would like to tell you about an opportunity to support the students at the IU School of Dentistry.
I have spent a lot of time thinking and writing about the quality of urban life for families and not just for the tourists most mayors think are the key to urban regeneration.
The best time to see them is in the weeks following the rice harvest and during the special festivals that stage statewide contests (see page 155).
(4) The RCA can be applied to populations of bacteria infecting specific tissues at specific times, even allowing multiple measures per animal.
Yet, Harlan’s opinion is studded with references that replicate the usage that we heard in the Gettysburg Address and then found in selected poetry and philosophy written at the time.
In looking back at 1998 and forward to the new millennium, we can be thankful that these are prosperous times for Indiana.
The writing is ostentatiously literary, and I expect that although a hard-core band of fans will praise The Designated Mourner for condemning the vulgarian times we live in, a larger group will think it's just more intolerable hooey from that highbrow exhibitionist.
It examines the control technology's hardware, reagents, availability of the needed construction equipment, time required to implement at plants with single and multiple installation requirements, and the availability of labor needed for installation.
As it happens, genes A and B have Boolean functions that depend on all three genes, A, B, and C. By examination, however, gene C has a Boolean function that depends only on genes A and C, not on gene B. To say that the activity of gene C depends only on A and C and not B means that once the combinations of activities of A and C are defined at a moment T, the next activity of C at T + is indepen-dent of whether B is on or o at time T. Indeed, the Boolean function is C = (not A or not C); that is, gene C will turn on at the next moment if at the current moment either A is not active or C is not active or both are not active.
This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life.
The ‘capital’ of the region, the village of Amári, is worth taking time to explore.
In Hawaii, the passage of time has brought general improvements in medical care and also narrowed disparities in access to medical care.
1529–1599) also reported that before the Spaniards arrived, “many times and many nights was heard the voice of a woman who cried out in a loud voice, drowning herself with her tears, and with great sobs and sighs, wailing” (Horcasitas and Butterworth, 209).
We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and his time at the Club before the letter became lost in the numerous pieces of mail one receives over the holidays.
The story goes that Buddha’s mother gave birth to him under a tree in a garden at Lumbini, unable to get back in time to the palace, some 20 km (12 miles) away.
Furthermore, the structure of the pharmacy benefit at the time of our study makes it very likely that all test strip dispensings would occur in health plan pharmacies.
At the time the amendment was enacted, it was fairly clear that the drafters and the public had a broad construction in mind, for the Thirteenth Amendment became the constitutional foundation in 1866 for the first Civil Rights Act—indeed, the Act that is still used today to prosecute those who, like the police who beat up Rodney King, engage in racially motivated deprivations of civil rights.
On the third pass, recalling Proust's admonition to one of his correspondents that if he'd only had time he would have written a shorter letter, I managed to cut another 200 pages.
At the same time, a dispute over the crown continually raged between Pedro IV, the absentee monarch who preferred to reign as Emperor of Brazil rather than return to Portugal, and his brother Miguel.
It was aided greatly by changes made by the Port Authority in response to the 1993 bombing and by the training of both Port Authority personnel and civilians after that time.
Yet, as a symptom of the times, sexual harassment also represents a new vision of government; it has developed against the background of growing skepticism about whether things really are what they seem.
At a time when many dental schools are closing or cutting back on programs, Indiana University is investing in and enhancing its own future.
Whereas, the Times speculated, a sensible response to the hijacking might have been "to pool regional forces in anti-terrorist measures which might either negotiate with the hijackers or flush them out of the plane by force," since India has "frayed diplomatic ties with Pakistan and none with the internationally shunned Taleban régime … channels for coordinated action … did not exist."
968 and 0.988 for the 18- and 24-hour hybridization times, respectively) showed a good fit of the data to the curve.
From 1950 to 1995, domestic production of apparel doubled, while textile production, less vulnerable to imports, increased almost three times.
This honor could not come at a more exciting time --election year, 1992.
First-Novel Roundup : Time and the Wall Street Journal award measured praise to  Lives of the Monster Dogs , by Kirsten Bakis (Farrar, Straus & Giroux), and  Fugitive Pieces , by Anne Michaels (Knopf).
The eastern side of the square once housed Oliver Goldsmith’s rooms (renovated in Victorian times, little of the 18th-century building remains).
However, when the time of TGFβ treatment was reduced to 15 min or prolonged to 180 or 240 min, SB-203580 had a tremendous effect on Smad3 translocation to the nucleus.
At the time of the revolution, the fear was directed toward King George III and his colonial governors.
.. as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely."
The New York Times lead reveals that states have not spent about 20 percent of the money they received from 1997-99 to fund anti-poverty programs.
At the same time, many Jews sought religious freedom and fulfillment by moving to Palestine (as the Holy Land was traditionally called) and especially to Jerusalem.
A tradeoff in these improved methods was a reduction in the number of proteins that could be used, which increased the variance of the time estimates.
That has greatly enhanced our response to new trends, reduced turnaround times and increased the flexibility of all those involved in the buying process.
Since that time, the city has grown in many ways.
Would it reach us in time to fend off the snow?
Disney’s Animal Kingdom takes you on a journey from the days of the dinosaurs to the present time.
Although he is doing what he loves most, Zucker said, at times, he gets worn down by his clients' overwhelming poverty.
Thus, as long as the lead time for producing more coats in size 46-regular is less than a week, the manufacturer could hold two weeks’ worth of inventory and be able to fill—immediately—retail orders that replenish the previous week’s demand.
Legal education nationwide also has been changing, and your law school has been keeping pace with the times.
The Times of London published a headline Monday reading "CIA planners failed to check phone book" and a map with an arrow pointing at the Russian Embassy and the words "Note to CIA: 32 Deligradska Ulica, Belgrade 11000."
The smaller stuff is inside, including the Indian currency of beads, wampum (black-and-white shells), and beaver pelts and blankets, as well as the more familiar coinage and paper currency from colonial to modern times.
This time was selected based on results of preliminary experiments (data not shown).
The ravages of time, weather, and use are banished.
Her anxiety level rose every time the telephone rang.
Time inventories the troops, time, casualties, and money necessary to carry out four different plans, from limited force (10,000 troops, 2-3 weeks of prep time, 500 dead, and $5 billion) to full-on occupation of Yugoslavia (200,000 troops, 4-6 months of prep time, 5,000-10,000 dead, and $25 billion).
It won’t rain on you in Dublin all the time.
The time was 9:38.
The other plant (the “quick-line” plant) has production costs that are 10 percent higher than for the regular line, but the manufacturing lead time from the time a production order is placed until a shirt is available in finished goods inventory is two weeks, compared to eleven weeks for the plant with the “regular line.”
We had a great time five years ago in Bloomington; but due to the remodeling of the Union Building on the Bloomington Campus, the conference this year is being held in Indianapolis.
The New York Times writes that Clinton's responses "shed little new light on issues surrounding the impeachment inquiry," and the Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times concur.
•Isidoro Macabich intersects avinguda Ignacio Wallis; turn down it to the right and a few hundred metres later you’ll come to passeig Vara del Rey, a favourite spot to while time away in the town.
In those patients in which sedation was given also "on request", the mean survival time was found to be slightly shorter (52 ± 42 hrs) in the years 2000-2002, but not in the years before (Table 3).
One could raise finished goods inventories substantially (like the dress-shirt manufacturer described above); the other could make crucial operational changes to reduce manufacturing lead times.
In a time when higher education, and graduate programs in particular, are suffering from a lack of funding, we are positioning ourselves to remain in a leadership position with outstanding faculty, students, and private support from alumni and friends of the program.
One is never in danger of finding out about, say, the latest news from the Canadian prime minister in the Post . Similarly, one will never read about the latest exploits of Mr. Sean "Puffy" Combs and Miss Jennifer Lopez in the Times . Essay question: How would each paper cover it, should Mr. Sean "Puffy" Combs ever bitch-slap the Canadian prime minister?
One company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed, an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program, thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed.
Ultimately, we should be able to build a theory that accounts for the distribution of advantages of trade, the distribution of residence times of energy stored in diVerent forms in an ecosystem, as well as the statistical patterns of linking of exergonic and endergonic reactions in a biosphere as it builds itself and persistently explores novel ways of making a living, the novel niches that permit the success of Darwin’s minor variations creating novel species for those niches.
These activities have helped develop a sense of community that enabled everyone to endure and succeed, even in difficult times.
This is the only time when the central part is filled with stalls.
To determine the time course of ApppN and AppppN levels as a function of stresses, we used strains BY71-16d and BY71-6c transformed with pRS423, pB05, pB32, or pB86.
This was the temper of the times.
In other words, they're willing to admit to a mistake in a non-combat zone, when lots of supervisors are involved, with lots of lead time, and involving simple technology but can't contemplate a mistake when none of these favorable conditions obtain.
In more modern times (after the Industrial Revolution), cashmere was introduced to the weavers; the softer garments produced from this wool make good souvenirs or presents.
So good is this correlation that, within given protein families, it is argued that mutations accumulate with timelike clockwork, hence the molecular clock hypothesis, in which a number of amino acid dierences can be taken as a surrogate for time from the most common ancestor.
Whether you attended classes full time, were an adult returning student, or worked full time in a career while taking classes, I believe you know first hand how important it was that Liberal Arts was open and available to you--and you also know how important it still is.
The Washington Post says Annan will present the document he and Hussein already signed Monday (Baghdad time) to the Security Council in New York on Tuesday.
Getting around the island is time consuming and difficult because it is divided by wide creeks, swamps, and lakes, but each of these main settlements is served by an airport.
More than 35 percent of our analysts and 50 percent of our senior executives will be retirement eligible within that time period.
The best buildings, like the Chrysler or the New York Public Library or the RCA, are precisely of their time.
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier, the positive effects radiate throughout our community: The business community welcomes not only another worker, but a consumer with increased purchasing power.
With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana, many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment.
And this time of year is an occasion to remember those not as fortunate as we are.
A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp living, dedicated staff and instruction, and a chance to make special friends.
If you have any questions or concerns at any time, please do not hesitate to call me at 921-1288.
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior, or the choices she makes, can affect her future.
Because it has published three times since the initial omission, it scores an additional three points.
"I asked her why she had decided to talk to the New York Post 's Steve Dunleavy, and refused a Times reporter.
So--that's how it happens that in the New York Times piece today I'm described--solemnly--as having 'eventually convinced' her to repeat the story to the New York Times."
In light of Secretary of State Albright's imminent trip to the middle east, the New York Times , Los Angeles Times and Washington Post emphasize the deteriorating situation there.
It's odd, however, that in repeating this charge, the Times didn't interview the man most closely associated with it, Christopher Hitchens, or refer to the book where he set it out, The Missionary Position . Hmmm, wanna bet there was a copy of the book on somebody's desk at the Times though?
Political figures turn on each other from time to time, for good and bad reasons; we're used to it.
While the plan at the elementary school had been to return to Washington, by the time Air Force One was airborne at 9:55 A.M. the Secret Service, the President's advisers, and Vice President Cheney were strongly advising against it.
Secretary Powell said the United States had to make it clear to Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Arab states that the time to act was now.
Santorini (Thira), the next major island north, was heavily influenced by Crete, and the settlements of Thira and Akrotiri thrived at this time.
By the time of the Crusades, many of the Aegean islands had been practically depopulated.
Politically, the 1990s have been relatively quite times for the islands, although the divorce of Greek prime minister Andreas Papandreou and his subsequent marriage to a much younger woman caused consternation within conservative Greek society.
In about a.d. 30 he and his followers went for Passover to Jerusalem, which was in unrest at this time, dissatisfied with Roman domination.
Let us limit our thinking, for the time being, to the most modest claim—that all individuals, black and white, men and women, gay and straight, born in wedlock and out of wedlock, should be treated equally under the law.
Now, I don't have time to preside over a deposition at this late date.
These things arise during trials from time to time.
And do you remember anything else that you learned at that time?
Now, did there come a time when you learned that the board had made a change to the biology curriculum?
So at the time that this policy was implemented, both of your children were out of the ninth grade?
What were the two -- what were the newspapers that you were looking at during this time?
Did you ever receive any minutes or notes about what the Dover School Board was doing during this time?
What I do recall, I -- as my husband said yesterday, I was pregnant at the time, so I have some reason to remember certain things.
I was actually nine months pregnant and due any day, so I spent quite a deal of time in the restroom.
At this time, no.
Well, there was -- at this point in time it was the change in the curriculum that was being proposed and voted on that evening.
The exact modification, are you telling me that from the time that they had approved it in October, it was modified before it was read in January?
I remember Casey Brown, one of the board members at the time, discussing, during the board meeting with the board, that she felt they were, I'm paraphrasing, treading, you know, on -- they were treading closely to violating the Pennsylvania State Board of Education regulations on religion in the classroom.
It is for that purpose, and it's also to show that Ms. Geesey talked about the statements that were made in this letter at this time.
I mean, if that's what it says in my deposition testimony, that's what I testified to at the time.
With everybody's indulgence, I would expect to go to approximately o'clock, no later than o'clock tomorrow to make up for the time that we lose during the morning session.
Some time later, I got still another version of MUSKRAT RAMBLE, with still another version of the title.
Now might be as good a time as any to reveal a theft I committed at an Air Force Base near Seymour, Indiana.
Sir Boss had managed to find him at the abbey, during his two days' absence, and now he came back in the nick of time to fight Sir Mador for the queen.
The total was approximately 2800, but that is probably only a vague estimate: he undoubtedly missed some; some have sprung up since his time (modern Hebrew, for instance); and some have vanished.
Mr. Joseph Hymes' “Do Mistake—Learn Better” [XV,1] brought to mind the time a Japanese acquaintance told me of a friend of hers who decided to tackle the original English version of three books she had enjoyed while in Japan.
In part, that is attributable to the designation of his correspondents, who keep him informed on language that is not within earshot, as the “Lexicographic Irregulars,” an amusing reference the first time or two it was used but now beginning to cloy.
Letter to the Editor of The Times
[from The Times Diary , , ]
What do you think the time frame is on this?
An intent-to-treat analysis of the time to viral rebound (>5,000 copies/ml) in the open-ended interruption showed no difference between groups (continuous therapy/single TI, median = 4 [1–8] wk, n = 21; repeated TI, median = 5 [4–8] wk, n = 21; p = 0.36).
And it's time we got back there too.
The Times says some Democrats have told the White House Clinton needs to show he's more concerned about impeachment than about protecting himself from post-presidential prosecution.
Alignment of a small subunit (SSU) ribosomal RNA sequence to the SSU rRNA consensus structure would take about 23 GB of RAM and an hour of CPU time.
58 If Time, Not Space; If Space, Not Time
The New York Times ' Michiko Kakutani says that Leavitt's take on sex is "adolescent" and "does nothing to illuminate its heroes' lives."
The newest statistics on the spread and lethality of AIDS lead at the Washington Post , Los Angeles Times and USA Today .
One reason he was traveling around East Asia at this time is that he was helping to plan possible hijackings on aircraft in connection with an early idea for what would become the 9/11 plot.
As he thought about it now, he thought his sexual appetite had never lasted more than about fifteen minutes at a time.
Elway said he is retiring because his knee is damaged, he has accomplished what he sought in football, and he wants to spend more time with his family.
The heritability of the ANT has been examined in a preliminary twin study using normal adult twins [ 25 ] . The efficiency of the executive network was found to be highly heritable (h F 2= 0.89) while lower heritabilities were observed for alerting and median reaction time (h F 2= 0.18 and 0.16 respectively).
As Gerald Levin, Time Warner's CEO and the prospective CEO of the new company, put it, "We think 45 percent of AOL Time Warner [which is how much Time Warner shareholders will get in the new company] is worth more than 100 percent of Time Warner."
For instance, in NIH 3T3 cells, expression of SV40 large T antigen (Tag) at high levels (~2 × 10 6molecules per G 1 cell) decreases the G 1 phase time by ~18% [ 3 11 ] . However, ~43% of this effect can be accounted for with the initial expression of ~ 6000-14,000 molecules per G 1 cell and ~87% can be accounted for by expression of ~ 103,000-133,000 molecules [ 3 11 ] .
Old favourite tree, thou'st seen time's changes lower,
(Explore this gallery of photos of Ali that have appeared in the New York Times . Free registration required.)
Alternatively, one might want to know whether two or more groups of subjects exhibit maxima (and minima) for their fluctuating parameters at different times.
Satisfied with their vital signs, she left them to drift a while; both were quiet for what seemed to be quite a long time, until the same female reappeared with a clipboard and a cel phone.
These revelations were "embarrassing" to Clinton's opponents, wrote the Washington Post . The Sun-Times quoted Rahm Emanuel, Stephanopoulos' successor, on the revelation: "From Day One I always thought this was politically motivated and had politics written all over it; after five years, it is nice to have the truth catch up with the president's political opponents."
The fact is the history of the abuses in that H-2 program, which has been documented time and time again, cannot be corrected without effective representation, as you could easily contemplate guest workers coming here for a short period of time, hoping to come back again, anxious to pick up a wage considerably higher than the wage they might be making in their own country, have no individual ability and no effective collective ability to enforce the protections that the U.S. law is supposed to guarantee them.
(12 Nov Kenya Times) Witnesses say the girl's body levitated up toward the ceiling, 'Her knees were bent upwards, her legs still spread apart, her arms falling limp behind her, as the sterile drape slipped off and slithered to the floor,' reported a surgical nurse. "
By late that year the unemployment rate would rise above 10 percent for the first (and so far only) time since the 1930s.
Bin Ladin and Atef wasted no time in assigning the Hamburg group to the most ambitious operation yet planned by al Qaeda.
Human adults learn to perceive this inherently fluid, relative domain in terms of fixed, solid objects existing within fixed structures of space and time.
According to Time , "the correct attitude" prior to Talk 's debut "was to be sick of it already without having seen it.
One easily measured and pervasive entity that regulates G 1 phase time is cell density, which is taken as a surrogate for cell-cell contact.
HE: I've been interpellated more times than you can count.
In short, I am not what is known in the trade as “copy proud”:my feelings about my own writing range from occasional smugness with a job well done to abject frustration and misery at my inability to express myself articulated in writing (given the amount of time and resources available).
In 1989, Publishers Express was founded by Time Inc., Meredith Corp., American Express Publishing, New York Times Co., Times Mirror Co., and R. R. Donnelley, among others, to provide alternative delivery.
We had almost-completely lovely times with our young bodies together ejaculating enough to clear the major toxins (leaving what were, after all, only subsidiary poisons of sexual deviation and guilt felt by some who were out of phase with cosmic duality of sex vision), , although we went out/in on long and fulfilling trips together.
Well, the Times explains, then the federal gift tax applies.
The independent associations between patient factors and hospitalizations for diabetic ketoacidosis were examined using multivariate analysis with stepwise Cox Regression including recipient and donor age, recipient race, gender, weight, pretransplant dialysis (yes/no), duration of dialysis prior to transplantation, total follow-up time, recipient hepatitis C serology, donor cytomegalovirus serology, pre-transplant dialysis (yes/no), rejection (either treatment or diagnosis) occurring at any time in the study period, induction antibody therapy, maintenance immunosuppressive medications at time of discharge after transplant surgery, graft loss, and cause of end stage renal disease (ESRD, either diabetes or other causes).
Cyril put down the Kenya Times and chortled a little in his glee. "
Time and Newsweek , June 23
Mefloquine accumulates to plasma concentrations of 3.8 and 2.1-23 μM after administration at prophylactic dose and therapeutic dosing respectively [ 3 4 ] . Therefore, only at the time of peak plasma concentrations in a few patients, do mefloquine plasma concentrations approach the threshold necessary (> 10 μM) to induce any of the effects observed in the present study.
His unhappiness was an interpretation that was not necessary; he could just as well be patient and observant, mindful of how his narration of the extended recent time did not require that he feel his life was unhappy.
So, golfers, the next time you are in Ireland or Scotland, ponder why the Gaels used such combustible terms for heather and eschewed the features like bells and crosses that impressed themselves on Anglo-Saxons.
To define the time course of tocopherol (or tocopheryl quinone) accumulation, adherent cells (2 × 10 6/well) were subcultured in 12 well falcon tissue culture plates with medium enriched with about 5 μM tocopherol (or about 0.5 μM quinone) (3 ml/well).
Since the reader is undoubtedly going to be successfully imaginative, it will be unnecessary to detail their time in the woods.
Mailers want as much time as possible to examine the reams of data the Postal Service provides in support of its proposals.
Happy Winter Solstice I have not heard from you in a long time.
Paradoxically, the timesaving is more real the smaller the amount of time to be saved.
CTL) by 2 (time: pre- vs. intervention period) repeated measures ANOVAs.
creeping neuropathic foot pain, attributable once again to what were blithely called medication side-effects, he therefore gave himself a shake, eschewed a wipe, preferring the prospect of a warm lavage, and turned on the shower, lighting a cigarette to enhance the waiting time while the hot water made its way from the distant heater to his bathroom.
A streetwise realism prevails, if not downright subversion: One lie in the Sultan's head impedes a dozen truths; There's no security in three things: the sea, the Sultan, and time.
Aliquots of the enzyme solutions were removed over time, diluted and assayed for activity using 1 mM suc-AAPF-pNA substrate in 100 mM Tris pH 8.6 containing 0.0005% Tween-80.
That was more than a year ago and he'd only jerked off a few times since.
The forgery story spread from the Times , Tribune-Review , and Telegraph to the rest of the Whitewater Web.
In keeping with GAO's values of being fair and balanced in its work with all agencies, GAO has articulated its criteria for determining the amount of time available for agency comments on GAO's products.
The paper points out that, of course, this time there isn't nearly the amount of international support for military action.
This gives sufficient time for the fibroblasts to express and deposit collagen in the ECM.
offering ersatz Las Vegas vistas of bacteriostatic sand and palms over the casino, the Real Desert has in recent times had to take on the faded but patinated glamour of a residential hotel, on an inconvenient exit ramp on the freeway from Vienna to Paris.
The Post and New York Times say that Jordan remained on the short list because he was not called back to the grand jury after Lewinsky testified to it and hence has never been asked about some of her recollections.
2) Although 16S rRNA is approximately half the length of 23S rRNA, there are more than three times as many introns in 16S rRNA.
The NY Times Marc Lacey tells viewers, over pictures of tall young African men with thin spears, "In scenes reminiscent of Zimbabwe's land seizures, angry Masai tribesmen have begun marching onto sprawling ranches held by white settlers in Kenya's lush Rift Valley and claiming the tracts as their own."
The Los Angeles Times leads with a mushrooming source of medical inflation--the rising cost of prescription medications advertised on television--which are typically at least twice as expensive as older, over-the-counter, unadvertised counterparts.
Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above, the estimated time period to complete the implementation of a single FGD installation is conservatively 27 months.
A dog is said to have herded a little boy who was running toward the water back to his family in the nick of time, exhibiting the shepherd instinct in his breeding.
G. New York Times TV critic Caryn James doesn't enjoy Aaron Sorkin's West Wing .
Several components of the yCCR4-associated complexes have already been identified in humans: two homologs of yPOP2 (named hCAF1 and hPOP2/hCALIF) [ 16 17 18 19 ] , and homologs of NOT proteins (named hNOT1, hNOT2, hNOT3, hNOT4) [ 19 ] . Moreover, interactions between these proteins were demonstrated [ 19 20 ] . Yet, at the present time there has been no report of a human protein that would be structurally and functionally close to yCCR4.
When I see you next time round look into my eyes
Scott, the New York Times Book Review ). Ken Tucker dissents in the Baltimore Sun , calling the book "one of [McInerney's] most clever, funny, and moving ...
MEMS-4 is a microelectronic device housed within a medication bottle cap that records the date and time of each opening.
He was no longer so sure he was an unhappy person; in fact, he felt pretty richtig most of the time and his brain was freer to think and play.
Jacob is already filing political analysis and reportage several times a week under the rubric "Ballot Box" (the latest addition to our collection of Boxes).
In PKQuest, the units of volume, weight and time are always liters, Kg and minutes.
I've already sent a scathing letter to The Times about them!"
Cycloheximide was added for various times and p27 Kip1and cyclin D1 levels were estimated by western blotting (Fig.
Meanwhile, Britain's Sunday Times names the Cuban trade union weekly Trabajadores "Scrooge of the week" for its lack of Christmas spirit.
However, extending similar approaches to solid tumor oncology is technically and clinically challenging due to relative inaccessibility of tumor tissue and difficulties in obtaining samples at multiple time points.
45 Dreamy Time
About the same time, they suborned an IRS agent into initiating criminal tax probes of Jordache's owners, probes that ended up going nowhere but were wonderful harassment devices.
Quantitative Real-Time PCR
Keep in mind that words for songs during this time period usually rhymed.
The mogumo ceremony occupies only a short time.
Time says teens and preteens are learning technical details about sex from television (notably Dawson's Creek ). Problem: Kids don't know enough about sex's moral dimension, largely because parents aren't imparting the sex education they should.
Onset of expression coincided with the time when the majority of cells had begun to adhere to the plate.
If the data are from a time series, then the principal components may correspond to derivatives of the data [ 27].
Let us merely look at it; this world of constantly needy creatures who continue for a time merely by devouring one another, pass their existence in anxiety and want, and often endure terrible affliction, until they fall at last into the arms of death."
Others find the book cynical, "simplistic and patronizing" (Richard Rhodes, the New York Times Book Review ). They say Kinsey's private life bears no relation to his scholarship, and they question the biography's anonymous sources.
Aliquots of dispersed cells (2 ml) were incubated at 37°C for various lengths of time in the presence and absence of MTX.
It is a fundamental Darwinian principle that traits and behaviours cannot spread over evolutionary time if they reduce an individual's personal reproductive success.
She just jumps into the shower and puts her wet hair back into a ponytail, which emphasizes her deceptively childlike appearance, and makes me feel slightly Humbertish at check-in time.
Stormo/Haussler parsing algorithms add one order of complexity both in storage and time to the underlying dynamic programming problem to which they are applied.
He returned each time chastened but quickly involved in new controversies.
The IRS didn't dispute the charges, but attributed the problems to outdated computers and personnel turnover, problems it's addressing, says the paper, but which take time.
The ability of Ad-mIL-4 to treat established CIA was evaluated by local periarticular and systemic intravenous injection of Ad-mIL-4 into mice at various times after disease onset.
But tonight, for the first time in way too long, Lemmy is to meet his closest comrade.
The paper points out that Clinton suggested yesterday that one obstacle to taking action at the time was a lack of credible information about what was actually going on.
Some of the most comprehensive and sophisticated human PBPKs have been developed to describe the pharmacokinetics of volatile toxic solvents such as toluene [ 32 44 45 ] , styrene [ 46 47 ] , and methyl chloride [ 48 ] . The most involved models incorporate several different fat and muscle compartments with different flows and allow for changes with time in the blood flows as the subject's exercise level varies [ 45 47 48 ] . These studies have also introduced a Bayesian approach to determine the population distribution of the PBPK parameters [ 45 47 ] . PKQuest cannot complete with these PBPKs for this class of solutes.
The legitimacy of the State is called into question for the first time in at least 30 years, and the anti-authoritarianism which characterizes the youth rebellion turns into rejection of the State, a refusal to be socialized into American society.
Book -- Flawed Giant: Lyndon Johnson and His Times 1961-1973 , by Robert Dallek;
Acute endotoxemia also resulted in a time dependent increase in TNF-α mRNA levels in adherent vascular lung neutrophils which was evident within 0.5 hours (Fig.
We had such good times, until the whole thing turned Nazi."
We met one last time, Strand Hotel, Bombay;
It is time for people to realize that things like the law and accounting and reporting standards represent the floor of acceptable behavior and not the ceiling!
Now my hands tingle all the time.
Our Hackathletes are Malcolm Gladwell of The New Yorker ; Hanna Rosin of the New Republic ; Michael Specter , a Moscow correspondent for the New York Times ; and Geoffrey Wheatcroft , author of The Randlords and a contributor to British publications too numerous to mention.
The portal through which visitors enter the church is from Crusader times (1149).
Cell cycle kinetics were measured by BrdU incorporation and flow cytometry for DNA content at various time points after initiation of the cultures.
Computerized design systems collapse the time needed to explore new design ideas into hours of work, rather than the traditional work time of days or weeks.
And if a person decides to be a contributor, the best time to begin is the month prior to salary increases.
Wackiest detail reported by the Times : "Because Long's doctor deemed such a move 'risky,' state officials used an airplane staffed by medical personnel to ensure that he arrived in good health after the 25-minute trip."
You are plunged into the atmosphere of that “moment in time” as soon as you get off the park bus at the Georges des Roches fishing property, a long turf-roofed log cabin outside the fortified town.
Survival time was defined as the time from the date of transplant until the date of death, censored for loss to follow-up or the end of the study.
The old kiln shed has been replaced and our newly occupied and totally renovated photography building on Michigan Street has been in use for the first time.
She was a mother and thirty-three years old, and it seemed to her that everyone, especially someone the baker's age--a man old enough to be her father--must have children who'd gone through this special time of cakes and birthday parties.
Charles II never saw the palace on which he lavished so much money (the royal coffers expended £57,000, a fortune at the time), but he created the foundation of what we see today, with its amazing ornamental plaster work and carved wood paneling.
A hybridization time course was performed by hybridizing the same cRNA sample to separate arrays, each array hybridized for different times, and examining the hybridization intensities for endogenous transcripts.
The utility of each object to the consumer is subjected to exponential discounting over time.
As a friend of the Center, you are welcome to contact us at any time if we can assist you with your international needs.
They're like Wile E. Coyote going off the cliff every time.
Reduced by war and the Wall to a bleak no-man’s-land, the square that was at one time the busiest in Europe has burst back into life in the most invigorating fashion.
Researchers are working to determine the minimum incubation time of CWD before clinical signs appear, now roughly estimated at 15 months in deer and 12—34 months in elk.
Then small fluctuations of internal lactose concentration that cross the internal threshold separatrix concentration can cause the cell to jump from one to the other state of activity and remain in the other state for a relatively long time.
For the past fifteen years SEND has been working to transform the Southeast Side one project at a time.
Both the New York Times and Washington Post lead with President Clinton's announcement Saturday that he plans to send a proposal for shoring up Social Security to Congress by the end of the week.
It was not possible to analyze all age groups of each strain at the same time in the aging experiments.
However, these are difficult times for public institutions of higher education, because legislative appropriations are either flat or in the decline.
Roger Ebert (the Chicago Sun-Times ) speaks for most critics when he complains that the film "begins well and makes good points, but it flies off the rails in the last 30 minutes.
Divergence time estimates from the multigene (MG) and average distance (AD) approaches are similar, but rate-adjusted times are older than unadjusted times (Table 1).
The expected number of novel catalyzed reactions due to the presence of Q is given by the product of the number of potential protein catalysts times the number of novel reactions made available by injection of Q into the cell, divided by the probability that any protein catalyzes any given reaction.
Had I known such strange events would occur, I assure you I would have spent much more time studying physics in Minshall Lab and less time playing bridge in the Hub.
(The Times notes that threatening to halt U.S. military aid to Indonesia isn't much of a stick: this currently totals $476,000.)
As you explore her decks, the captain will illustrate his course with charts of the time, the doctor will explain his rather primitive treatments, and the ordinary seamen will be happy to sing you a Dutch sea shanty.
By this time the Yemenis also had identified Nashiri, whose links to al Qaeda and the 1998 embassy bombings were even more well-known.
In the absence of sex, mating, and recombination, a rabbit with A and b would have to wait for a mutation to convert b to B. That might take a long time.
They do not realize that right now voluntary associations are helping to address some of the most troubling social issues of our time, including homelessness, crime, and drug and alcohol abuse.
Gripes: 1) Friedman's belief in global economics and American-style capitalism's ability to solve the world's ills reads more like cheerleading than analysis: "[O]nly a New York Times foreign affairs columnist could write a book so relentlessly upbeat about the USA's prospects in an ever more tightly integrated world without being accused of unsophisticated boosterism" (David J. Lynch, USA Today ). 2) Some of his theories have already been disproved: His "Golden Arches" theory of international relations held that no two countries that both had a McDonald's have ever gone to war.
The church usually remains locked; the best time to see the interior is on a Sunday morning.
6 Generally, extending FGD installation schedules may reduce the number of persons on a job at one time but will not reduce the overall labor requirement.
From time to time we'd like to send out a modest newsletter that keeps you up to date on us and on you.
Chatterbox considered but rejected the idea of awarding Rabinowitz bonus points for having "eventually convinced" Broaddrick to grant an interview to the New York Times (as the Times reports in today's story).
Dawn and dusk are the best times for the beach.
The slopes may be different because of the great differences in genome size and generation time, or because the partitioning of genetic material into the specialized environment of the nucleus changes patterns of mutation.
The capability to compete increasingly depends on an enterprise’s ability to manage operations according to the logistics of time and flow of product, reducing time to market and the costs of holding inventory.
Set on the south coast of the Argolid, it has been a strategic strongpoint for centuries and boasts no less than four castles dating from Byzantine and Venetian times — on far more ancient foundations — called Akronafplia Castle.
Control sections were treated for the same length of time at the same temperature with Ham's F12 medium rather than formalin.
The cost to produce a unit and deliver it to the distribution center is known for each plant, as well as the time it takes.
Miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business partner and long time friend Clay Chong (they own NUVENCO Group, a San Diego based product and business management firm where Chong is president and Miyares vice president); Chong's wife, Jan, administrative supervisor for the organization; and JoAnn.
The approach to the house must have been truly spectacular at that time, but today you must drive with a little care, as its condition is a bit rough.
In contrast, eIF2α phosphorylation in BS153 cells remained at the basal, growth specific level throughout the times of development that were examined (the first 10 hours).
With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana, many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment.
In an editorial, the Straits Times of Singapore dwelt Friday on the threat of further secessions from Indonesia following the independence of East Timor.
Don’t try to get around all regions in one trip, however, or you will short-change them all by not having enough time to really appreciate the scenery and lifestyle.
For each time point, the number of counts in unreacted intron, spliced intron, and circularized intron were determined.
Since that time the college has become known as D-Q University.
From time to time we'd like to send out a modest newsletter that keeps you up to date on us and on you.
Rescued from obscurity three months ago by a rave from the New York Times ' Ben Brantley, Gross Indecency , about the Irish playwright's famous sodomy trials, started an open-ended New York run last week.
Alcohol sales, gambling, and dancing were banned for a time in Honolulu.
At present, hospitals are required to distribute a statement entitled "An Important Message from Medicare"5 to patients at or about the time of admission.
1 When the line of hopeful buyers at its Times Square store stretched around the block, Bond had to impose a limit of two suits per customer.
And she felt a sense of peace, for the first time in a long time.
The rooster crows cock-a-doodle-doo , which for anyone who has spent time on a farm is a sad travesty of the deep, throaty ur-ur-ur-ur-urrh!
It has been rebuilt several times after destruction by fire and earthquake, most recently in 1954, and again, to a lesser degree, in 1974.
But although the time might have gone when the two-dimensional journal article could suffice for complex papers, clinicians should nonetheless apply the same critical assessment that they would for any other clinical tool.
"But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round.
Punishment of children, the article recounts, "should be unpleasant, memorable, and inflicted at a time that is convenient for the parent."
By 1990, Hawaii was welcoming nearly 7 million visitors annually, seven times its own resident population, which is the most ethnically and racially diverse in the US.
In the years 2000-2002 patients with more psychological distress had a longer survival time than those with otherwise resistant control of more physical symptoms (Table 3).
The total length of time it takes to construct the set of objects is called the “makespan.”
I hope you will spend some time at the IMA this holiday season, and thank you for your support of the Annual Operating Campaign.
' just before it winds down" (Ben Brantley, the New York Times ). Still, the show, having sold out its initial run, is being extended.
Whatever their exact locations, the Stations of the Cross on the Via Dolorosa have been an itinerary of faith and reverence venerated by most Christian pilgrims since late medieval times.
This simple model was found to be sufficient to account for widely differing time courses of water movement from plants grown under a range of conditions that affect water transport (data not shown).
With El Quinto Sol a full culture was created, with maize grown for the first time, fire domesticated, and the creation of the Toltecs.
He has no time to waste.
The interior has been redecorated with fabrics and furniture dating from the late 1700s to Victorian times.
For simplicity, consider that, at any given time, this bird flower comes in only two shades of colour, one of them with a slightly longer wavelength (an orange morph).
Now an interesting feature of the Td/Tr equation alluded to above is that whatever the exponential rate of expansion of geometry may be per Planck time unit, the exponential rate of decoherence, Td, which grows as the mass times the size scale squared of the geometry, increases, until eventually the exponential rate of formation and exponential rate of decoherence of geometry must balance.
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste.
Musicals can't be on the so-called cutting edge, because they take so many years to get up on stage: By the time your grunge musical opens, grunge will be out and splurge will be in.
East of the Gros Horloge stands the great Cathédrale Notre-Dame, made famous in modern times by Monet’s many Impres­sion­ist studies of its façade.
That is, time on therapy was felt to be associated with a 53% reduction from good health.
Some of the forty operations require very little time; others are much longer.
It has been a busy time, for we have an ambitious agenda for growth and development.
Anything fun in the Los Angeles Times ?
At number 9 you can descend deep into the hill via a series of tunnels that were dug in medieval times as an escape route in times of siege.
Moreover, at both time points, the PR-5 induction elicited by infection with DC3000•empty vector was to a similar extent regardless of allele status at the NDR1 or NPR1 loci (no statistically significant differences, Student's t test, P > 0.05).
It takes a long time for him to gain the self-confidence to work elsewhere in the community.
But there's no reason why we shouldn't share good news at the same time.
But, the holiday season is a particularly difficult time for these families.
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do.
The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.
Chatterbox considered but rejected the idea of awarding Rabinowitz bonus points for having "eventually convinced" Broaddrick to grant an interview to the New York Times (as the Times reports in today's story).
For her part, Rabinowitz explains to Chatterbox that her efforts on behalf of the Times were more indifferent than the Times made them sound.
By running against Giuliani (who has been reported in Vanity Fair to have a mistress--he denies it--and, by all accounts, has a sham marriage), the first lady could exact symbolic revenge on her philandering husband while advancing the fortunes of the Democratic party at the same time!
In light of Secretary of State Albright's imminent trip to the middle east, the New York Times , Los Angeles Times and Washington Post emphasize the deteriorating situation there.
The New York Times leads with a comprehensive poll about American attitudes concerning abortion.
Political figures turn on each other from time to time, for good and bad reasons; we're used to it.
Secretary Rumsfeld later explained that at the time, he had been considering either one of them, or perhaps someone else, as the responsible party.
At the same time, city-states began to grow in influence on the southern Greek mainland.
The Ottoman Empire was weakening, however, and in 1821, the peoples of the Greek mainland achieved nationhood for the first time.
The planned new Roman city, Aelia Capitolina, was built over the ruins of Herodian Jerusalem, and Jews were barred from residing there for all time.
At the same time, however, the famous maxim could also be understood as referring to “men” as collective entities: “all peoples have equal status.”
As historian William G. McLoughlin sums up the fervor of the times: “The new consensus also included the belief that Americans are a peculiar race, chosen by God to perfect the world.”
And at the time when you wrote the original order and you used the words "perceived, saw, and heard," we were concerned, as you well know, with the word "perceived" in terms as to what's the thought process.
Depending on the time of day and the personality of the judge.
The individual who believes -- who was quoted and believes the statement was taken out of context or flatly that he didn't or she didn't say it and it's inaccurate will have the opportunity to say that during the defendants case-in-chief or at any other time during the trial.
That is the first time that we've had that type of matter in this trial.
Did there come a time when you learned that the school district board of directors had approved a biology text?
And did you learn anything else from reading the newspapers at that time?
One at a time.
There were personal issues in my life at that time where I was not able to do that.
So this was the first time that you saw the statement that was going to be read to the students in the ninth-grade biology class.
It was the first time that I had really ever been around Barrie Callahan, so she strikes me -that memory strikes me because my mother had known her previously.
In fact, I may have been walking out of the room at the time and in close proximity to her.
And, honestly, I thought that maybe it would set me into labor because of, you know, being angry, and at that point in time I was past my due date, in addition to caring about my children's education and everything I said previously.
Jen Miller spoke, although I didn't really know who she was at the time.
And is it your understanding that because Dover is a standards-driven district, that they're going to focus their class time on preparing students to achieve proficiency on those standard-based assessments?
Because it was again read in, I believe, like May, and there was a change from that point in time, unless I'm incorrect and that is the change that I'm thinking of.
I had e-mailed a letter basically stating the same thing in my letter to the board president at the time, Alan Bonsell, a copy to Dr. Nilsen, and I mailed a copy to Mr. Buckingham.
I believe at the time it was the Miller and Levine biology text.
Taking quite at random a single page (page 7) in the journals of the Gregory brothers recording an early (1846) exploration of country east and north of Perth, I find the word water used fifteen times.
If you are a fan of old-fashioned jazz—what is now known as “traditional” or “trad” jazz—you are familiar with one of the standard “jump tunes” of the genre—a tune most commonly called Muskrat Ramble . Even if you are not a fan, you must have heard it as least a dozen times.
This time, it was MUSCAT RAMBLE.
Taking quite at random a single page (page 7) in the journals of the Gregory brothers recording an early (1846) exploration of country east and north of Perth, I find the word water used fifteen times.
For a long time he could only find two Yiddish words traditionally used by Jews in such circumstances: “Oi vey.”
At the conclusion of this vast exercise, done without the aid of computers, there emerged a pattern of familial relationships that linked together languages spoken, in earlier times, from Britain as far east as Chinese Turkestan and from India as far north as Lappland.
As everyone in the world must know by now, William Safire writes a column in The New York Times Magazine called “On Language.”
True, there is an occasional mention in his column of a point raised by a correspondent, and the Letters section of the Magazine prints a comment from time to time, but an important feature of the books is their inclusion of far more writer-reader interaction than one might suspect from reading the column alone.
The fashion at that time was to wear very baggy pants with pegged legs, long jackets with high and sharp shoulder pads, thick-soled shoes, and long watch chains dangling from the belt.
"You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time," Mr. Matchett said, adding : "It's a pretty good bet they won't get caught."
He formed the peaceful but powerful Catholic Association, and in 1829 the Duke of Wellington, in a bid to avoid a civil war, passed the Catholic Emancipation Bill, which allowed Irish Catholics to sit in the parliament at Westminster for the first time.
A Stitch in Time concludes with a look at the many factors shaping today’s retail-apparel-textile channel—from the complex management challenges facing suppliers to labor standards and macroeconomic policy.
Members receive invitations to special events at various times throughout the year.
In recent times, once a car is “lifted” or “all juiced up,” the driver controls the lift with a hand control.
Holidays are a time for sharing.
His kingdom prospered, and by the time his son Solomon succeeded him, in about 965 b.c. , almost all the extensive, rich lands between the rivers Nile and the Euphrates were part of the Kingdom of Israel.
A competing approach to reducing plant throughput time involves team-based sewing or modular production, which we will discuss at length in the next chapter.
At the same time, you will be helping to preserve those wonders through your support of America's most effective conservation group.
Despite spending more time than most people riding bicycles, cycling for fun is one of the major recreational activities of the Dutch.
Because units typically are sold during the delivery lead time, the actual inventory in stock rarely reaches eight units.
Since that time, the icon has been held responsible for many feats of healing, giving Tinos the epithet “Lourdes of Greece. ”
At the same time, the problem of sweatshops persists, despite government regulation of minimum wages, overtime, child labor, and safety issues.
Once upon a time, there were four guys (Sparky, Smudge, Jinx and Frankie) who loved to sing.
The site has been settled since Minoan times, with the remains of a Dorian, Greek, and Roman town underlying the present buildings.
No matter how the measurements are taken, most people being measured in this way have a difficult time standing up straight and holding in their stomachs.
I am a board member of SEND and would like to spend a few moments of your time in the near future to tell you, personally, about our programs and how you can help.
The quotation that follows “A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on” though reminds us of an earlier political time when visionary ideas mattered more than gossip to the media commentators (see page 111 for details of boat trips from Downtown).
But if string theory is to be the theory of everything, including space and time, then space and time cannot be assumed as a backdrop.
And this time of year is an occasion to remember those not as fortunate as we are.
In the Arrow-Debreu theory, we are to imagine an auctioneer, who at a defined beginning of time, say, this morning, holds an auction covering all possible dated contingent goods.
I like to think of The Salvation Army as a place of grace --where individuals and families find love and help in their time of need, regardless of the situations that bring them to us!
Rebuilt in modern times, the mosque serves the small local community of Muslims.
It can be shown that high variability in lead time means higher costs for retailers than somewhat longer, but more reliable lead times; that is, it may be better to have a longer reliable lead time than an unpredictable one with a shorter average duration.
Had I known such strange events would occur, I assure you I would have spent much more time studying physics in Minshall Lab and less time playing bridge in the Hub.
To get the cheapest deal, plan the broad outlines of your itinerary ahead of time so that you can buy your tickets before you reach Canada.
At one time, burning the flag was something like wearing a jacket in the courthouse blazoned with the words “Fuck the Draft.”
It's summertime, so it must be time for CAMP!
The area has been razed many times, most recently during the 1948 War, so it’s not surprising that most things here are modern.
Acceleration is independently definable by the metric concepts of distance, motion, time, the rate of change of position with time = velocity, and the rate change of velocity with time = acceleration.
We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole.
The regent Kaahumanu, ruling in the name of her young charge, Kamehameha III, seized the opportunity and followed many of the strictures favored by the Calvinist Congregationalists, who were modernizing the country through the establishment of schools and the printing of books in the Hawaiian language (which they formulated in a written form for the first time).
Instead of breaking up sewing into a long series of small steps, modular production entails grouping tasks and assigning them to a team to reduce the elapsed throughput time required for assembling a given product.
Thank you very much for your time, attention and consideration.
But given the increasingly short lead times dictated by retailers (often just a couple of days), most manufacturers cannot produce in this way.
Your renewed gift to the School will enable us to sustain our reputation of excellence, to prepare our students for successful, satisfying careers, and at the same time, to enhance the value to you of your Indiana University degree.
The museum displays the outstanding Islamic and European furniture, art, and handicrafts collected by Gayer-Anderson during his time in Egypt.
Starting in the late 1940s and into the present, la migra made raids in the San Joaquin Valley of California, rounding up braceros who had overstayed their contract time allocation.
Choosing an itinerary can be a difficult task, for China is too big to be covered in any reasonable amount of time.
Flavia Waters Champe’s interpretation is that the dance was brought to New Mexico by Spanish and Mexican settlers who came with De Vargas at the time of the second conquest in 1692.
I know that from my desk at The Salvation Army, I have a unique perspective, and I want you to know without a doubt that we are meeting needs -- one person at a time, every day ...
He’s likely to be hanging out at La Terraza and, for a few bucks or a few drinks, will tell tales of his times with Papa.
Even adults who’ve heard the story many times and do not want to admit belief still fear a late-night encounter with La Llorona.
This is the time of year when we give thanks for the warmth and love that surrounds us.
At the same time, city-states began to grow in influence on the southern Greek mainland.
It's the perfect time to make a world of difference.
Today, its factories and shops are an undeniable tourist trap, but the museum (Museo Vetrario) tracing the glass industry back to Roman times is worth a look.
(please see The New York Times article I have included.)
During the Stone Age, these early farmers devised ways to make axes and other tools from the harder rocks in the area, and as time passed, permanent settlements began to be established in this sheltered backwater.
Although designed at the same time as the Chrysler, the Empire State is quite different in appearance.
A membership in the Indiana Historical Society makes a unique and thoughtful gift for many occasions and at any time of year.
In many cases, it has shortened the cycle time from order to ready for sewing by half.
One out of every four people in the United States will be diagnosed with having cancer at one point and time in their life.
To command and coordinate this long, exposed line, the Romans built a military camp called Aquincum, which became the home of some 6,000 soldiers, and in time spawned civilian suburbs that housed up to ten times that number.
This time, it was the Democrats who favored the tax as a measure of social justice.
There was a time when he felt like he had no choice but to tolerate his wife's constant abuse and neglect of their children.
It was during this time that foreign navigators referred to the bay as Humpback Bay, or Bahía de las Jorobadas, because of the large number of humpback whales that appeared — and still appear — every winter.
It is rational to believe that prices are going above fundamental value and thus to invest, and the investments sustain the bubble for a period of time.
Thirty years is a long time to be part of the law school community.
There was a time when you might have apologized for it, but no longer.
An established channel in which the various parties focus on time to market results in markedly different supply decisions and dynamics than those dictated by conventional direct labor costs of supplies.
In these volatile times as children and their parents are subjected to mounting pressures in the schools, home and workplace and issues of personal responsibility are too many times pushed into the background, our mission is even more critical.
Even the humblest village has a classic white church, a sleepy plaza shaded by vivid purple jacaranda, and, if you time it right, the drama of the local market.
You may not have realized it at the time, but you and your fellow students were part of something very big in Indianapolis.
Then the number of pairwise collisions and reactions that can have occurred since the estimated time of the big bang fourteen billion years ago is times the number of femtoseconds since the big bang, which is about .
It's birthday time!
It was here that members of the mock-Tudor Royal Selangor Club (1884), also designed by A. C. Norman, took time off from the affairs of the Empire to play cricket.
Cruising slowly and smoothly, sitting low in the driver’s seat, glancing out at the street, nodding the head slightly when being recognized, all these make up an experience only a Chicano low rider who has invested lots of time and money in his car can appreciate.
Birthdays are a time for celebration - a time to reflect on the past and anticipate the future.
The silhouette of Gunung Rinjani, 3,726 m (12,200 ft) tall, can be seen from every part of the island, sometimes as a single peak, other times like a line of broken teeth.
The absence of business systems capable of adjusting to real-time demand information, as well as the lack of information between the time when orders were placed and the actual selling season, meant that early order commitments could not be amended pending new information.
Birthdays are a time for celebration - a time to reflect on the past and anticipate the future.
Station IX: Jesus falls for a third time.
Lucifer tries to challenge the shepherds but Michael the Archangel returns just in time to defeat him.
If a major contribution is not possible at this time, a five year pledge is acceptable.
The best way to approach the city is to break it down into smaller regions and then take them one at a time — Downtown, Hollywood, Westside, the Coast, the Valleys, and Orange County.
We cannot say ahead of time all the possible constellations of matter, energy, process, and organization that is a kind of “basis set” for a biosphere in the sense that the atomic chart of the elements is a finite basis set for all of chemistry.
When we were in Dallas we talked about the good and, of course bad times we had at IUSD.
If you’re a driving fan, the time to be here is April, when the Toyota Grand Prix auto race is held in Long Beach.
Here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about (1) which products to make in each plant and (2) how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product.
That is why joining today can do more to help the party than at any time in its history.
18 The point is that once the language is released and given to jurists to fashion to the needs of their time, the task of lawgivers is finished.
The IUPUI Staff Council scholarship, awarded for the first time last summer, is the direct result of the Campus Campaign.
Tee off early: At times, you’ll spend a lot of time waiting for players ahead of you.
Similarly, the impact of alternative methods for reducing plant cycle time depends not only on the direct costs of changes, but also on the reductions in inventory levels allowed by shorter lead times.
The first time was to tell you about the impact of our educational program and, more specifically, To Kill a Mockingbird.
The idea of putting three theaters under one roof must have been compelling at one time, but when I visit the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., all I see are miles of red carpeting in those Brobdingnagian lobbies.
That will only be the first step toward healing the pain of having been abandoned several times, neglected, and denied the happy childhood that should be every child's birthright.
Early Times
Our research suggests that the cycle time of a fast production line should be no more than a week or two to be an effective alternative for the lower costs of a long-cycle line or plant.
Now ten times the size, fueled by prosperity from the tourism boom, with all the government institutions and buildings to match its status, it’s a noisy, polluted urban sprawl.
Einstein’s austere general relativity, our theory of space, time, and geometry on the macroscale, floats untethered to quantum mechanics, our theory of the microscale, seventy-five years after quantum mechanics emerged in Schrödinger’s equation form for wave mechanics.
Take the time to stop by and visit Indianapolis' Center for Contemporary Art.
For the first time in Beijing history, the imperial strongholds, from the Forbidden City to the Temple of Heaven, were no longer forbidden to China’s masses.
In the remaining 252 words, it will appear four more times.
Or to give equal time, as it were:
Craftsmen and architects were imported from Europe and England; the Georgian squares like Merrion Square in south Dublin were created at this time.
"At the same time, the federal government's role in representing the nation in its regulation, policy development and oversight responsibilities demands the most skilled lawyers," the report added. "
Successful performance includes providing high levels of order completeness, short lead times for new products, and rapid response to requests for replenishment.
.. as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely."
Time Warner, after all, can reach the entire world.
•After a coffee break and an eyeful of the passing crowds, it’s time to begin an unpackaged tour of the town.
That intervention precluded the continuation of the growth curves after the time point at which the first animal is sacrificed.
It functioned as a cavalry outpost established in response to the many Indian raids of the times.
.. as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely."
One is that you're nearly four times as likely to be miserable if you make less than $15,000 than you would be if you made more than $35,000.
To make the most of your trip you’ll need to tune your mind to “Bahamian time.”
As demonstrated by successful companies, using these criteria can help ensure that the right knowledge is collected at the right time and that it will provide the basis for key decisions to commit to significant increases in investment as product development moves forward.
Mexicans who have spent time in the United States and have acquired the mannerisms, values, and the English language may be considered pochos because they’ve become agringados (anglicized).
These are challenging times for dental schools across the country, and I firmly believe our ability to remain in a leadership position will be enhanced with your support.
The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with the Israeli cabinet's approval of plans to withdraw from the West Bank.
Depending on how much time you have for that all-important first taste, we suggest you try to visit at least two, even three of the regions.
The clone expressing the truncated Rv0365c ORF exhibited slightly less, but not statistically significantly different, increased survival (1:1 at time zero, 8.6:1 at 24 hrs).
Acceleration is independently definable by the metric concepts of distance, motion, time, the rate of change of position with time = velocity, and the rate change of velocity with time = acceleration.
In addition to running DBA, Miyares finds time to be liaison for blinded veterans at the San Diego VA Medical Center, an inventor, lecturer, member and co-founder of the Mira Mesa/Scripps Ranch Chamber of Commerce, author, business columnist for the "San Diego Union-Tribune newspaper, co-host of "San Diego Inventors and Inventions" on KFMB-TV, and many other business, military, civic, and athletic organization activities.
In 2004 the Olympic Games, first held in Greece during ancient times, will return to the capital giving Athens the chance to stand in the limelight again.
It would be best to start a healthy lifestyle from birth, but fortunately by adulthood there is still time to make an enormous difference in practical terms if we take action at the stage when intimal widening is detectable with the highly sensitive ultrasound described in my original viewpoint [1].
Over time, the model economy ticks forward.
The Endowment Fund is a way we can show our appreciation and support; and at the same time, make sure future colleagues receive the same benefits.
You will probably want to take time to shop for traditional arts and crafts in Kuching, or check out the night markets of Kuala Lumpur, drop by a few Chinese antiques shops in Penang.
According to KSM, this meeting was the first time he had seen Bin Ladin since 1989.
With the establishment of an independent operating unit, Federated Logistics, this retailer reduced the amount of time required to process merchandise in distribution centers by 60 percent, to an average of two days.
Even granting that Chatterbox had one or two other minor tasks to complete today, it does seem that seven hours is more time than any reasonable person should have to spend reading about the genesis of a single-topic edition of a Sunday magazine.
Merchants thronged to the large cities that were growing up around the castles at Edo (population already 1 million in the 18th century), Osaka (400,000), and Nagoya and Kanazawa (each 100,000) — all huge in comparison with European cities of the time.
Reported EC 50 values are the average and standard deviation of three separate determinations, each replicated three times.
Caught between lean retailers’ need for immediate replenishment and the high risk of carrying inventory for products with uncertain demand, a manufacturer today must go beyond traditional direct costs and also include manufacturing lead times and inventory carrying costs in its sourcing equation.
Perhaps you were one of the many students who were able to spend some time on a research project with Dr. Phillips or one of the other members of the Department of Dental Materials.
She is both progressive and proper, having made it her business to keep up with the times.
You should know by the time you arrive at Poiso whether or not the journey will be worth the effort.
However, it was seen at the time as a success.
Compactification of an eleven-dimensional space and time can be thought of as a large-scale three-dimensional space and time, but with the additional dimensions curled up at each point in the large-scale three-dimensional space.
It is also a time to review our personal giving and consider gifts to our favorite organizations.
Yesterday's All Clinton All the Time extravaganza leads all the majors.
The grand hotels make up for this with their dazzling pools, but anyone whose heart is set on true “beach time” should consider another option.
Bandar al Hazmi continued his training at Arizona Aviation with intermittent trips home to Saudi Arabia, before departing the United States for the last time in January 2000.
This is the paradox of freedom in modern times.
In these volatile times as children and their parents are subjected to mounting pressures in the schools, home and workplace and issues of personal responsibility are too many times pushed into the background, our mission is even more critical.
The Los Angeles Times leads with depressing news about California's second-tier state college system: an overwhelming number of its incoming students lack the basic math and English skills they should have acquired in high school.
Extended several times, including a wing designed by de Keyser, it was opened as the Amsterdam Historical Museum in 1975 and its rooms reveal the details of the development of this fascinating city.
The fluctuation in the total absorption points at long times in fig.
This supplier must draw on production lines and sourcing arrangements that provide it with a range of response times, from short-cycle production capacity for products with high demand variability to lines or sourcing arrangements that create larger production runs at lower costs for items with low demand variability.
Half a day should allow the tourist ample time for city sightseeing and shopping.
Once damage is sensed, the checkpoint delays the cell cycle to allow DNA repair enzymes sufficient time to execute their activities.
Hispanic women have always been involved in creative and artistic work in New Mexico even up until contemporary times.
In addition to expanded physical facilities since the completion of Science, Engineering and Technology Building Phase Two, several of the programs in the school have expanded in terms of student and faculty size; the research and development contracts with federal and state agencies and private industry exceeded one million dollars in value for the first time last year; interaction of faculty and students with the other schools on campus increased drastically in terms of joint research projects on medical imaging, computational neuroscience and biomechanics and the partnership with Naval Avionics Warfare Center and Naval Weapons Center flourished with the moving of Electronic Manufacturing Productivity Facility from California to a new facility within one mile of the main campus.
Since oil prices are prospective, the markets do not anticipate a global slowdown any time soon.
Philae has one of the most evocative sound and light shows in Egypt, so do try and make time to return in the evening to see it .
The work by the Larimer County Bar Association has been going on for 18 years, and in that time several thousand clients have been served.
The time saved in production can be lost if the distribution method is slow, or if there are other impediments to the movement of products from the apparel-maker to the retailer.
We can and should be proud that the IU School of Dentistry is positioned to remain an international leader in these challenging times facing health care.
); Macedonia ("It has suffered from loss of trade with Serbia, and most of the refugees are unlikely to leave for some time."
Also at that time, a new style, rembetiko, was created.
Route time costs are essentially fixed, while access is partly variable, and
One way or another, we will discover a second life = crouched under a Mars rock, frozen in time; limpid in some pool on Titan, in some test tube in Nebraska in the next few decades.
The time of our 50th reunion is rapidly approaching - we'll be celebrating that event in Bloomington September 16 - 18.
The straightforward chronological order and detailed explanations of the workshop system of the time, coupled with the high caliber of the art, makes for a show that is "both intellectually stimulating and unexpectedly poignant" (Mark Stevens, New York ). This "dazzling show of strength" is a testament to the "unrivalled genius of the Netherlandish artists who invented the oil paint medium" (Holland Cotter, the New York Times ). (Find out more about the exhibition.)
To the tune of gongs and chimes, visitors knelt to kowtow nine times.
IκBα degradation and NF-κB activation (or NF-κB nuclear translocation) were observed at 20 to 60 min in Hyal-2 cells post TNF stimulation, but at the 20 min time point in both control and Hyal-1 cells (Fig.
Many of the articles could be borrowed on inter- library loan but there was no guarantee that they would be here in time for her to complete the paper.
In other front-page news--rather, news of the front page--the Monica story retreated inside for the first time in weeks.
Don Q is the best-known Puerto Rican brand (named after Don Quixote, a hero of the distillery’s founder), but Bacardi now calls Puerto Rico home (after leaving Cuba at the time of the revolution) and is by far the biggest producer.
Figure 7.2 depicts the weekly demand for a different SKU—the same single-breasted coat—but this time in a less popular size (43-regular).
This is a wonderful time of year for storytelling.
The Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times lead with, and the New York Times fronts, the Turkish government's moves to accelerate earthquake clean-up efforts and answer rising criticism of its disjointed response to the disaster.
As a test of the validity of the proportional hazards assumption (that the hazard ratio does not change over time), the Cox proportional hazards regression was performed with a variable calculated as the mean deviated natural log of time.
The momentum in each of these directions is just the mass of the particle times its velocity in that direction.
If such a contribution is not feasible at this time, we would of course welcome a renewal of last year's commitment.
At the same time, the country came more and more into the American economic and cultural orbit.
The techniques include fieldwork, ethnography, observation, and participant observation and have in common that an observer is physically present at a site, stays at the site for a fairly long time, has flexibility in deciding what data to collect from whom and under what circumstances, and can organize the inquiry according to the meaning of events to the participants rather than having to decide beforehand
Once again, if lead times are uncertain, retailers must hold additional safety stock to meet demand in the event of an unusually long lead time.
Yes, it's that time of the year -- the start of the Boys & Girls clubs of Indianapolis' Camp.
The opening of the U.S. government's antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft made the front pages of many European newspapers, with an op-ed piece in London's Financial Times saying that an eventual ruling by the Supreme Court "is certain to redefine anti-trust law and shape the software industry for years to come."
1540–1100 b.c. ). By the time the Romans arrived it was already in decline, having lost influence when Assyrian raiders seized control in the seventh century b.c. and the Ptolemaic leaders made their base at Alexandria in the fourth century b.c.
Final body mass and total body length were also recorded at this time.
Computerized design systems collapse the time needed to explore new design ideas into hours of work, rather than the traditional work time of days or weeks.
For the same time period, our alumni participation in similar firms was 31% to 67%.
"It's one of those comedies where everything works," writes Roger Ebert (the Chicago Sun-Times ). A few find the film spotty ("likable albeit hit-and-miss"--Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ), but most agree this ranks with Martin's and Murphy's best comic works.
Mayan astronomers tracked the movements of the heavenly bodies, predicting eclipses and marking the times for the planting of the new corn.
