  Meanwhile, planned communities burgeoning with groups of younger retirees will occupy Sirenia's  upscale Florida residential enclaves,  driving out future elders, who will be expected to work happily and harder at meeting raised expectations--- Old age is predicted to have more positive attributions-- such as maturity, competence, sophistication, confidence, self-reliance and power.
Fish size, gender, and age at maturity have a substantial impact on individual species' reproduction rates.
but i think that that is one of the sports that's a good healthy way to to move into maturity safely um-hum um-hum
So why does the "Modern Maturity" spread leave me so uncomfortable?
Spencer came late to sexual maturity, and he tried, after his marriage to the painter Hilda Carline in 1925, to make up for lost time.
Good reviews, for the most part, for the autobiography of one of hip-hop's most successful artists: "An amusing, contemplative memoir" that paints "a surprisingly humanistic portrait" of the crack dealer turned platinum-selling musician ( Kirkus Reviews ). The tales of his misspent youth and rise to fame are "eloquently told" (Michael Harris, the Los Angeles Times ). One reviewer splits from the pack and delivers a withering pan: "[T]he ability to sell a lot of records has almost nothing to do with insight or maturity.
perhaps a tad derivative of golub, but still an artist of far more restraint and maturity than one might expect of someone her age.
My position on all of these issues is to make sure we don't intervene until we see more maturity in the marketplace."
Will's maturity simply arrives one day, like a piece of mail: "Will couldn't recall ever having been caught up in this sort of messy, sprawling, chaotic web before; it was almost as if he had been given a glimpse of what it was like to be human.
Moreover, the prized trees take 60 years to reach maturity and have proved resistant to plantation cultivation.
But like you, I doubt that a come-on as blatant as the new Modern Maturity cover would stir my subscription, membership, or vote.
That's where I learned of the latest circulation-boosting gambit by Modern Maturity , that up-with-aging monthly published by the AARP.
Shorter development time is important in ephemeral aquatic habitats such as temporary ponds and phytotelmata, allowing adults to escape prior to dry down in late spring or early summer [ 29 30 ] . Short time to maturity allows the insects to escape their larval habitat before it dries up, and males that mature before females are ready to mate when females emerge.
But hackdom, I would argue, may be the proof of a genre's maturity.
FIXED VALUE SECURITIES - Securities that have a known maturity or redemption value at the time of issue.
The New York Times leads with the U.S. Treasury's announcement that it would like to take advantage of projected budget surpluses by buying back some government bonds before their maturity dates.
If these debt securities are retired before maturity, the difference, if any, between the reacquisition price and the net carrying value of the extinguished debt should be recognized as a gain or loss by the fund that owned the securities.
Gates says it will be the factually unassailable foundation upon which Afro-American studies will grow to maturity.
In addition, mosquitoes reached maturity quicker and males were larger in B/low litter microcosms than in CS/low litter microcosms (Figs.
) are signs of a long-deferred maturity.
There were significant differences between B (Base size - used in other experiments [ 16 ] ; see Materials & Methods and Table 2) and CD (Constant Depth) microcosms for female biomass and male and female time to maturity, such that B microcosms, with more wall area per unit volume, had larger, earlier emerging mosquitoes (Figs.
But perhaps history is on the Weinsteins' side: It took jerks like the old-time moguls to bring film to maturity.
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity: revolving funds and trust revolving funds.
The list you mention is part of Modern Maturity's September-October "Great Sex" issue, which proposes that older Americans are just as lusty as their younger peers.
RETIREMENT OF DEBT SECURITIES PRIOR TO MATURITY
1 spot at the box office and had the second-largest opening ever for a comedy (behind the recent Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me ). Its premise: A thirtysomething slacker adopts a child to demonstrate his maturity to his wary girlfriend.
However, mosquitoes from CW microcosms were not significantly different from other mosquitoes in size or time to maturity.
Exposed females were only examined through 130 days because we expected they would have attained sexual maturity and expressed first estrus by then [ 7 ] , making them developmentally comparable to unexposed females at 150 days.
Each party receives and sacrifices something of value in buying and selling debt securities that may be retired prior to maturity.
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity.
They are conducted for the system, subsystems, and components to assess design maturity and technical risk.
to manage but it would certainly i think contribute to a person's responsibility and and sense of maturity um to recognize what other cultures and other countries
By 1930 raw-material production had tripled the figure of 1900, manufactured goods had increased twelve-fold, and heavy industry was galloping towards maturity.
People Capability Maturity Model.
that a kid that's just a question of maturity or is he problem child but teachers are asked to diagnose so much
yeah there is it's a lot out there we have Modern Maturity that was the worse mom and dad dad turned fifty so we got Modern Maturity
sure and that's all part of your of keeping your part of the relationship you know showing the maturity and responsibility to recognize those uh those issues
anyway she as she grew up towards maturity her parents well her dad was a doctor and and he was rather well you know rather well to do in the old regime
Sierra hasn't shown that kind of maturity yet
i think what we saw was a phenomenon of a large number of young people at one time that were of the age of decision without the maturity to handle it
uh because uh it because uh uh i don't know i think the maturity factor uh uh overcomes the fact that you've had a gap
yeah there is it's a lot out there we have Modern Maturity that was the worse mom and dad dad turned fifty so we got Modern Maturity
“All else being equal, we predict the earlier the age of maturity, the faster the rate of recovery,” he adds.
"MILLENNIUM MATURITY"--A panicky Y2K thing where a glitchy Jesus turns water into gasoline, and there's a horrible fire and widespread panic and, eventually, a lot of litigation.
It is the interest rate applicable at the time of modification on marketable Treasury securities with a similar maturity to the remaining maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans, under either pre-modification terms, or post-modification terms, whichever is appropriate.
an utter hoot" (Janet Maslin, the New York Times ). With a voice "like Truman Capote on Seconal" (Dave Kehr, Daily News ), Adam Sandler regresses from the borderline maturity of The Wedding Singer back to his trademark sweet, addled, violent character--this time in a formula sports-loser-turned-sports-hero flick aimed at the fraternity/junior-high-school crowd.
The discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate (yield) on marketable Treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan, applicable to the time when the loans are disbursed.
What I do know is that the story made for a fun read: A 35-year-old Londoner named Rob with the maturity level of a high-school junior dumps his girlfriend and retreats to his pathetic job in a music shop.
He had such a depth of understanding, a maturity of judgment and an uncanny ability to hone in on the real issues.
She could not have known that messing around with the president meant losing the likelihood of economic independence when the day comes, as one hopes it will, when she finally achieves the emotional maturity to take care of herself.
The market price of a Treasury security falls when the current interest rate on Treasury securities of equal maturity rises.
Daily New York Times critic Michiko Kakutani says the book "is not a sleazy tell-all memoir" and is a "leap forward in maturity and emotional candor."
We present a light and electron microscopic (EM) evaluation of iridocorneal angle development in staged embryos and through eight postnatal weeks, when the angle structures have reached full maturity.
This new maturity argues not for an advance, but for a retreat on the part of the press.
These changes focused primarily on (1) ensuring technologies are demonstrated to a high level of maturity before beginning a weapon system program and (2) taking an evolutionary, or phased, approach to developing new weapon systems.
Just as in English the nickname Johnnie implies youth, so the Russian nickname Vanya implies boyhood—but only implies: Uncle Vanya was not young—while the formal names John/Ivan imply maturity.
If these debt securities are retired before maturity, the difference, if any, between the reacquisition price and the net carrying value of the extinguished debt should be recognized as a gain or loss by the fund that owned the securities.
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity: trust funds and special funds (except trust revolving funds).
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity (586)
To determine the best practices for ensuring product design and manufacturing maturity from the commercial sector, we conducted general literature searches.
TERMINAL DIVIDENDS - Dividends to policyholders calculated and paid upon termination of a contract, such as on death, surrender, or maturity.
The only question that mattered was whether you were born within the polity and whether you were therefore likely to come to maturity with the language and consciousness of American culture.
Sometimes this personal process of maturity or decay (take your pick) is reinforced by what's happening in the culture.
From the new international airport to KL’s dramatic skyline to the middle class seen driving Malaysian-made Proton sedans on six-lane highways — all are evidence to the country’s rising economic maturity.
A final comparison of B to CS microcosms (Table 2) is of interest because it represents a comparison of constant scaling, which encapsulates both horizontal and vertical scaling effects [ 3 ] . Here the major effect is in time to maturity and male biomass, with the smaller volume container producing larger males with shorter development times (Fig.
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity: revolving funds and trust revolving funds (592)
Retirement of debt securities prior to maturity: trust funds and special funds except trust revolving funds (588)
Statistical analysis consisted of two-way analyses of variance (ANOVA) on the mean male and female biomass and time to maturity from each microcosm, and logistic regression on proportion survival.
Initial findings are that oospores—the product of sexual recombination—are being produced, although most of them abort before they reach maturity.
It is the interest rate applicable at the time of modification on marketable Treasury securities with a similar maturity to the remaining maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans, under either pre-modification terms, or post-modification terms, whichever is appropriate.
The discount rate used for the calculation is the average interest rate (yield) on marketable Treasury securities of similar maturity to the loan guarantees, applicable to the time when the guaranteed loans are disbursed.
Almost no attention has been paid to the peripheral vascular consequences of iron deficiency [ 37 ] . With iron deficiency, the poor oxygen-carrying capacity of the blood must be offset in order for the animal to develop to full maturity.
, the range within which two-thirds of all returns fall, used as a rough measure of volatility--is far smaller than would justify the immense premium investors give up to own bonds or bills with definite coupons and payment on maturity.
--Debt securities may be retired prior to maturity if they have a call feature or if they are eligible for redemption by the holder on demand.
Kingsolver's latest is hailed as a step forward in maturity and scope.
Since sexual maturity is achieved at approximately 11 weeks of age in rats, this means that the chemopreventive agent is given during a period of active development of the mammary gland.
Here's what they've forgotten--Rembrandt, van Gogh, Spinoza, hydraulic engineering, silver skates, Boswell's education, (I was sure there'd be many a smartass remark about his law school days), treat, courage, uncle, rub, elm disease, those damned Spanish Hapsburgs, that crazy Protestant Reformation (the long hair, the beads, the--oh, wait, Woodstock again), the seizure of Sumatra, the wars with England and their possible connection to the death of Christopher Marlowe (who never got to see Gwyneth Paltrow naked, but might have if only he and she had been at Woodstock), and the nation's new maturity in 1952 when it took its place among other great nations as a member of the European Coal and Steel Commission.
Our findings extend those of previous studies that did not focus on the iridocorneal angle or did not study its development to maturity [ 22, 23, 24, 25, 26].
The steady erosion of our claim to a special place in the universe has come with a steady growth in our maturity as a species.
In this study, we describe the morphogenesis of the mouse iridocorneal angle from prenatal stages to maturity.
--Monica lacked the maturity to balk at the magazine's tasteless choice of props.
Historically, DOD's approach has been to develop new weapon systems that often attempt to satisfy the full requirement in a single step, regardless of the design challenge or the maturity of technologies necessary to achieve the full capability.
One deems it more of the same old riffing on the underside of society, "calling up as many vile impressions of humanity as possible" (Liesl Schillinger, the Washington Post ), while the other detects a new maturity in Self and labels this "his most disciplined storytelling yet," marked by "a new control and polish (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). Everyone concedes that his writing is masterful; it's just a question of whether he has progressed.
The postnatal rats were weaned at 21 days of age, and they attained sexual maturity during the 6th week of life.
The first time he really demonstrated this maturity was in The Secret Rapture (1988), a work Hare himself has pointed to as an important departure.
Combined with the fact that some, albeit fewer, hypertrophic cells are present, the accumulation of proliferating chondrocytes suggests that Hoxc-8 regulates the rate of progression of chondrocytes to maturity [ 1 ] . In line with this interpretation, the in vivo BrdU incorporation assays suggested that cell cycle progression of chondrocytes may be decreased in transgenic animals with higher Hoxc-8 transgene expression levels.
Differences in growth rate may be apparent all the time or only during select stages such as germination or the formation of floral structures, and they may or may not result in a difference in height at maturity.
In the case of Huntington disease the loss of 15-30% of the normal complement of medium spiny neurons leads to distinct movement disorder in both humans and transgenic mouse models [ 14 15 16 17 ] . The subset of genes that normally control the proliferation, differentiation, and survival of striatal neurons [ 18 19 20 ] are therefore of considerable importance in ensuring adaptive behavior at maturity.
According to the F-22 program office, design maturity and manufacturing problems caused a "rolling wave" effect throughout system integration and final assembly.
05/# of ANOVAs performed = 0.05/4; [ 41 ] ). Time to maturity was log-transformed to approximate normality and reduce heteroscedasticity.
VARIABLE VALUE SECURITIES - Securities that have unknown redemption or maturity values at the time of issue.
