Later, in 454 b.c. , the treasury was transferred to Athens and its deposits were used to finance the construction of many of the major buildings and temples of the Classical Age.
Before the end of the war in 401 b.c. , many islands had already transferred their allegiance to the victors, who were led by Philip II of Macedon.
Constantinople was taken by Crusader forces in 1204, and they stripped the city of manyof its finest treasures — which now grace the public buildings of Venice — although a large consignment of books and manuscripts was transferred to the monastery at Patmos before the city fell.
So I was in those situations where I first, come first, transfer last, come first to transfer out.
The compassionate Dog tenderly licks the burned face of the baby and tells the devil, firmly but respectfully, "the merits of offering incense, flowers, alms, etc. are all transferred to you; the mangala-gatha just referred to have been recited in order to appease you (pannaharatthaya: as a gift) and you should therefore leave the patient in deference to the Sangha (bhikkhusangha-garavena)."
uh well no well my husband was transferred down here
11 Similarly, we have testified that the President's proposal, in tasking the new department with developing national policy for and coordinating the federal government's research and development efforts for responding to chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear weapons threats, also transfers some of the civilian research programs of the Department of Energy.
When she began to look like trouble, she was transferred to the Pentagon.
So you'll stay here for the four years and then move, or would you transfer schools?
To measure faster motion, the demon must measure positions at two time moments or some other feature, such as the recoil of the box’s walls from the momentum transferred by the hotter versus cooler gas particles in the left and right boxes as they bounce o the wall.
Perhaps the most interesting exhibit is the 14-panel depiction of the life of Christ, painted by the school of Grão Vasco in 1501–1506 and transferred from the altar of the Viseu cathedral in the 18th century.
Um, she had lost some credits in transferring.
The lean retailer can also transfer to its suppliers the functions (and costs) of creating floor-ready merchandise, activities that traditional retailers handled in the past.
At the start of the new millennium, Edinburgh is once again wielding true political power on behalf of its fellow countrymen: The “Scotland Act,” passed in November 1998, transferred control of domestic policy from London back to the Scots for the first time since 1707.
The ballerina part never came about, but I, I did go on to college and I, um, transferred a lot and ended up going to a lot of different colleges which was kind of fun.
Mal ojo may be transferred by a peculiar person who gazes at a weaker person, a woman or a child, and the ill effects are felt immediately.
In the latter part of the 16th century, it twice came under attack by enemy naval forces, and a period of prosperity ensued when the Casa de Contratación, or the monopoly rights for trade with the Americas, was transferred from Sevilla by order of Felipe V in 1717.
And then, well, we found out that my brother had been admitted, until they took out th, that (fragment0, they let him come, but now he didn't come, he went to, to the department of education and asked a transfer, they didn't deny it to him, they transferred him to another place immediately.
It is generally seen as a triumph that the classical thermodynamic concepts of temperature, pressure, and entropy were reduced to statistical features of idealized sets of gas particles: temperature becoming the average kinetic energy of the particles, pressure the momentum transferred to the walls of the vessel, and entropy a measure of the number of microstates per macrostate.
He went to Livingstone and then to transferred to Johnson C. Smith, so to make it easier on my mom, to, as far as, you know, him staying at home and going to school too.
The detailed causal machinery involves transfer RNA molecules with their anticodon site and the distant site to which amino acids are attached, the aminoacyle transferase enzymes that charge the amino acid binding site of each transfer RNA with the proper amino acid among the twenty amino acids, the binding of the charged transfer RNA’s anticodon site to the proper RNA code word triplet, the ribosome that glides between adjacent charged transfer RNA molecules and links the successive amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain that hangs free in the cytoplasm, tethered by the ribosome to the messenger RNA molecule as it is “translated.”
Capital transferred to Byzantium (Constantinople).
I guess they moved to South Carolina first and then my dad was transferred here, and the, so the rest of our family lives there, um, and we're the only people who live here, and it's just a total redneck town.
The detailed causal machinery involves transfer RNA molecules with their anticodon site and the distant site to which amino acids are attached, the aminoacyle transferase enzymes that charge the amino acid binding site of each transfer RNA with the proper amino acid among the twenty amino acids, the binding of the charged transfer RNA’s anticodon site to the proper RNA code word triplet, the ribosome that glides between adjacent charged transfer RNA molecules and links the successive amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain that hangs free in the cytoplasm, tethered by the ribosome to the messenger RNA molecule as it is “translated.”
Some of the earliest constructions were the three Binyang Grottoes, dedicated to an emperor and empress of the Northern Wei Dynasty (386–534), after the capital was transferred to Luoyang.
Perpetuation of a transferred gene is also not as easily achieved in seed plants as it is in bacteria, because the gene must be incorporated into genomic DNA in apical meristem cells, undifferentiated stem cells that produce new organs, including the cones or flowers that generate male and female gametes.
The Enquirer does not say whether Lieberman is related to Evelyn Lieberman, the Clinton aide who helped send Monica into this spiral by transferring her from the White House to the Pentagon after she showed inordinate interest in the president.
and when i was transferred from Atlanta uh to Houston i i bought a condo in southwest Houston
This was not just to control the tides but also to manipulate trade, as it prevented seagoing ships from taking their goods down the river — they had to transfer the goods to locally owned boats for their journey.
it was a one of those corporate buy outs a couple had had moved in it lived here three months and and got transferred to uh
which is a it's a mutual fund that allows you to transfer your benefits with you with whatever job you go to
As a result, on 16 August 1982 the Canary Islands were given autonomous status, with nearly all governmental functions transferred from Madrid and the status of capital being shared between Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas de Gran Canaria.
you had to know your pin number but i could just i could just say to it empty my whole account out if i wanted transfer things
The town grew up as the terminus where prospectors transferred from the Skagway train to the Yukon River steamboats and is now the junction of the Alaska and Klondike highways.
uh many of our friends who are transferred away from for some reason or another end up in cities that it would cost them ten thousand dollars a year to belong to a club
St. George’s Harbour and Penno’s Wharf were working at full capacity to unload cargoes that were then transferred onto blockade-runners.
we've transferred around and our last area was in a rural section right on the lake uh on Lake Erie
His son, who died in Vienna, is buried in the crypt, his remains transferred here by Adolf Hitler in 1940.
then then they can choose a college and then they can they can transfer
At great expense he transferred here a number of important 17th-century buildings that once belonged to the Tokugawa family, including the Rinshunkaku villa and the charming Choshukaku tea pavilion, as well as a small temple from Kyoto’s famed Daitokuji.
uh i i trained my uh my wife in the house in in doing things in fact uh when i uh first transferred down to uh Texas Instruments back in nineteen eighty seven um
some bills came in under the old account after they transferred all the money out
After 1945, many works originally in the eastern half of the city or Potsdam were transferred to a new home in the west.
i mean when i was undergraduate i went to a relatively small school for my first two years and then i transferred to a very large school
The prints and watercolors that comprise the impressive Kupferstichkabinett (Engravings Collection) were transferred from Museumsinsel and Dahlem to a new home in Matthäiskirchplatz in mid-1993.
and uh then we moved here even when we knew we were being transferred here we became Cowboy fans
It was the great achievement of the Byzantine architects Isidorus and Anthemius, to transfer the weight of the dome to the pillars using arches and “pendentives,” the four triangular sections of masonry that fill the gaps between arches and dome, to create the illusion of an unsupported dome floating in space.
oh and you got transferred to a different
Seawater is first concentrated by solar evaporation in shallow pans and then transferred to the hollowed-out halves of palm tree trunks to crystallize.
that's good i know my husband was real uh in the beginning when he uh he was transferred to a a larger plant and he um
The Ming Dynasty transferred most of the imperial pomp south to Nanjing in the 14th century.
you all transferred
The addition of this important facility shifted the center of communications in the colony, prompting authorities to transfer the capital from St. George’s to the hitherto undistinguished village of Hamilton.
well you get it the way you want it and just perfect and sit back for a while i hope y'all don't have to get transferred or anything now that you got it the way you want it
Constantine the Great declared Christianity the official state religion in a.d. 313; he later boldly transferred the capital to Byzantium (Constantinople) in 324.
oh several years before well it's a long thirty minute story but uh when my father died in nineteen fifty eight uh i uh transferred the title to my sister
Most of the millions of books, engravings, and ancient manuscripts it has accumulated over the centuries have been transferred to the new national library on the Left Bank (see page 58).
yeah sad as long as i just think as long as people are happy so many people will go some place and transfer or whatever
His remains were transferred to Sevilla from Havana in 1898, when Cuba won its independence from Spain.
i've always thought about maybe transferring up there and i thought if i do that i might not have a job
It also displays the collection of Impres­sion­ists and their followers transferred from the Jeu de Paume museum, which is now used for temporary exhibitions (see page 55).
uh our headquarters was transferred from South Carolina to Texas one time
However, the loss of Arabic wealth and the silting up of the River Arade left Silves almost literally high and dry, and by the time the bishopric of the Algarve was transferred to Faro in 1577, the town’s population had dwindled to 140.
you know we just transfer it into my account and then i use that for food household expenses and then i add my own check to that and then with that i try and handle
Dominating Old Delhi, the Lal Quila (Red Fort) was built by Shahjahan when he transferred the capital back to Delhi from Agra.
no we're just this is only the second place we've lived we've only been married for five and a half years and uh we have two small children and he had a uh just got transferred here to E Systems
The act transferred Canada’s constitution to Ottawa by removing the old obligation to refer amendments to London, and incorporated a new Charter of Rights and Freedoms similar to the French Declaration of the Rights of Man.
well the first one i joined they went out of business and they transferred it to another one that was really far away
Congress has used its delegation power to transfer its authority to states on several occasions.
We also can agree that older Oklahomans - like all citizens - have rights to control their health care until they become incapacitated or these rights are transferred to another by legal document or process. "
oh okay well the Schnauzer i'm i'm watching for one of uh the managers where i work and he's been transferred to Germany for a while
The popular philosophy of income redistribution requires us to transfer income from the few high earners of today, while the popular philosophies of conservation and "fiscal responsibility" require us to transfer income to the many high earners of tomorrow.
The Administrator has already issued regulations under the existing Section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue regulations within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance, transfer, recording, and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances.
um actually married in Pittsburgh and that's that's not what they want to hear on this call uh at any rate we came back here with my husband was transferred around uh up to Minnesota and now back to Texas with T i
It seemed somehow as if the personal confidence he brought to the White House had been transferred to the nation itself."
Certain provisions unique to the Acid Rain Program are moved to Subpart 1 of Part B. Further, for the Acid Rain Program and the new trading programs, the existing Section 403 is revised to provide that only the signature of the party transferring allowances (not the signatures of both parties to the transfer) is necessary for the transfer to be effective.
will transfer so that's good yeah
Vanity Fair 's Graydon Carter might be there too, although he has transferred his main allegiance to a place called Patroon.
Aggregates that formed blastocysts after overnight culture were allowed to continue their development in utero by transferring them to a pseudopregnant surrogate mother.
company you know transfer or something
The NYT lead explains that the House bill would require most class action claims to be transferred to federal courts, where the rules about who gets to participate in the class and how such cases may proceed are more stringent.
5% SDS-PAGE, transferred onto PVDF membranes (Bio-rad, Richmond, CA), then blocked with 5% BSA and 5% non-fat milk.
we got transferred out here
In Louisiana the name was transferred to a freshwater turtle with far more modest size and amatory tenacity, but the metaphor persisted.
For direct comparisons of protein expression between drug-treated and untreated cells, equal amounts of protein were loaded in adjacent lanes on a single polyacrylamide gel, separated by sodium dodecyl sulphate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) under reducing conditions and transferred to nitrocellulose membranes by the semi-dry transfer method.
or you know even if it's of course most of us are direct deposit anymore anyway i'm sure but once it goes into the checking account it's awfully hard to transfer it over
The DNA from one of these cells was then transferred into an unfertilized sheep egg cell from which they had carefully removed the DNA.
Osteoblasts in PBS were transferred to microcentrifuge tubes and collected by centrifugation at 13,600 × g for 3 min at 4°C using a Fisher Scientific Micro-Centrifuge.
and uh he was a native and had gone to school there and got transferred to Colorado where i was living
Often, funds will be transferred dozens of times through multiple accounts, companies, and countries, making the paper trail virtually impossible to follow.
In the group of enterobacteria, it was possible to classify transferred genes relative to their date of acquisition in the three strains of E. coli . Thus, we identified transferred genes acquired before the separation of the two strains O157:H7 ('ancient transfers') and those acquired in one of the two strains O157:H7 after their separation ('recent transfers').
ultimately i had uh i got transferred overseas by TI i'm with TI and i got transferred overseas
Banks and insurance companies already use digital signatures to transfer large sums of money online.
Oocytes were transferred into tubes containing Hepes-buffered TCM-199 (Gibco BRL, Grand Island, NY) supplemented with 0.57 mM cysteine, 10 ng/ml epidermal growth factor (Sigma), 100 IU/ml penicillin, 100 μg/ml streptomycin, 0.25 ng/ml amphotericin, 0.01 IU/ml porcine FSH (Sioux Biochemicals, Sioux Center, IA), 0.01 IU/ml porcine LH (Sioux Biochemicals) and 0.1% (w:v) polyvinyl alcohol (maturation medium) [ 50], and shipped to the laboratory overnight (20-24 h) at 38.
this one couple that we were transferred with uh bought a gas stove
The explanation is basic physics: At the dead spot, 100 percent of the ball's energy is transferred to the racket, which, were it in full swing on a tennis court, would return the energy to the ball, guaranteeing a power serve.
The latter were assumed to be infrequently transferred, but recent analyses reported them to be horizontally transferred among bacterial lineages [ 10 11 ] . The initiation factor IF-2 in Halobacterium sp. was previously shown to have strong similarity to the initiation factor IF-2 from Bacteria [ 49 ] . Most of the genes that group Halobacterium with the mesophilic bacteria encode functions that were postulated to be frequently exchanged [ 50 ] . While no meta-category appears exempt from HGT, some functions appear to be more often transferred than others (cf.
uh small some of the larger small schools you know i guess around three or four thousand students have a can offer a broader range of curriculums and things so if the kid does change they don't have to transfer or they don't have to uh
He suggested that it was a transferred use of the Queensland Aboriginal word for a particularly noisy bird and that the connection was made by percipient Aborigines who applied it first to the German missionaries of 1838, having noted their garrulousness.
In contrast, no reconstructed embryos developed to the blastocyst stage regardless of the maturation stage of the recipient oocytes when nocodazole-treated cells were transferred, although nuclear swelling was observed in 34.
yeah i don't need a printer or anything because i just sort of i can just call school and transfer everything over to school over the phone lines so how about you do you have um a machine
The term was in use long before hippies were a gleam in anyone's eye; it is probably an extension from the theatrical term for the villain of the piece, later transferred to mean `serious, important.
Rib cages were transferred to phosphate buffered saline (PBS) and washed extensively.
uh which has an exceedingly low crime rate and then we were transferred back here and when you're gone from some place like it for about six years as we were you really begin to see uh just how problematic
Publicly funded stadiums always transfer taxpayer money into private hands.
The rents, royalties, and bonuses transferred to Treasury for the General Fund, or to other Government reporting entities, should be recognized by them as exchange revenue.
A standard protocol was used for denaturing Southern blot hybridization [ 29 ] , while for non-denaturing hybridization, DNA was transferred to membranes under non-denaturing conditions.
Containers made of plastics, such as polyethylene, polypropylene, polyvinyl chloride, TYGON®, etc., may be used as test chambers or to ship, store, and transfer effluents and receiving waters, but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary, because they might carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another, if reused.
Many respondents questioned the need for, and the cost/benefit of, requiring that the fair value of stewardship PP&E transferred to state and local governments be reported.
Specifically, 5 μl of the original 100 μl reaction was transferred to new plates and mixed with 95 μl reaction mix 2 (For 110 reactions; 1.1 ml 10X Buffer, 220 μl 50 mM MgSO 4 , 165 μl premixed 10 mM dNTP's, 550 μl 20 μM universal primer pair, 1.1 ml Pfx Enhancer reagent, 88 μl Pfx enzyme, and 7.227 ml sterile, deionized water).
The labelling reaction was terminated by transferring the slides to 50 mL of stop buffer (10 mM EDTA, pH 8.0) for 5 minutes.
The finding that the host protein itself does not group the genus Thermoplasma with the Pyrococci suggests that the intein alone was transferred between Thermoplasma and Pyrococcus, and that the sequence similarity between the Thermoplasma and Pyrococcus catalytic subunits was sufficient to allow homing into the same insertion site.
Indeed, IL-1Ra gene therapy has demonstrated impressive efficacy in animal models of RA and OA, and a phase I human trial has recently confirmed that the human IL-1Ra cDNA can be safely transferred to and expressed within human rheumatoid joints [ 19 ] . A planned phase II study will determine the efficacy of this procedure.
Specimens were then transferred to room temperature, extensively washed in freshly prepared PBS, pH 7.22, and incubated 20 minutes with swine anti-mouse IgG peroxidase conjugate (SwAM; SEVAC Praha, Prague, Czech Republic) diluted 1:20, and preabsorbed with rat kidney homogenate to remove nonspecific background [ 46 ] . Control slides were similarly processed, but primary antibody was replaced with PBS.
The significantly higher mortality rates for persons with high-risk conditions suggests that these conditions might serve as primary indicators for evaluating the appropriateness of transferring patients to tertiary care centers.
Records originally maintained in a paper logbook had been transferred to a personal computer, and information on follow-up actions had recently been expanded.
The secretary transfers the CIA's money to the DCI but disburses the national agencies' money directly.
We focused on sequences that appeared to have no orthologs (<5% bootstrap), since these would be cases where a RIO analysis might be most able to correct overly specific annotations that might be transferred based solely on sequence similarity (as illustrated in Figure 1).
One hundred and seventy three patients were discharged, 7 patients died, 8 patients were discharged at request and 5 were transferred to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU).
The plates were thawed and 70 μl of supernatant was transferred to luciferase plates, mixed with 70 μl of luciferase reagent (Promega).
Proteins were transferred to PVDF membranes and analyzed with either anti-α 1S mAb IIC12 antibody [ 43], or anti-α
Forty-eight hours after transfection, cells were lysed and membrane and supernatant fractions harvested as described previously [ 8 ] . 10 μg of membrane proteins and normalized volumes of the supernatants were resolved by SDS-polyacrylamide electrophoresis (10%), transferred to nitrocellulose, and probed with a monoclonal antibody to the EE epitope [ 34 ] . The antigen-antibody complexes were visualized with ECL chemiluminescence (Amersham Biosciences, Piscataway, NJ).
In order to test whether they could function in vivo, we transferred the mutations to the plasmid pBS58 (provided by Dr. Joe Lutkenhaus, University of Kansas Medical Center, Kansas).
Annual investment30 shall be reported, including a description of Federallyowned physical property transferred to state and local governments.
In order to capture the bound VO 2+-EPR signal before the enzyme completely turned over, sCD39 and VO 2+-ATP were mixed on ice, immediately transferred into the EPR tube and frozen.
13For guidance in measuring and reporting the cost of heritage assets transferred from other federal entities, and heritage assets acquired through donation or devise, see the general PP&E standard contained in Accounting for Property, Plant, and Equipment, SFFAS No.
In Experiment 2, we examined the behavior before activation of donor cell nuclei transferred into enucleated M I oocytes.
Scanned blot was transferred into the Scion Image, enlarged 4× (two times 2×) and each lane was processed as follows.
The RNA was transferred by gravity-assisted capillary method with 6X SSC to nylon hybridization membrane, and then fixed to the membrane by UV crosslinking (Stratalinker 1200 μj/cm 2).
4 M formaldehyde RNA gel and transferred to Hybond N +nylon membrane (Amersham-Pharmacia, UK).
Either the whole A-ATPase catalytic subunits was transferred, or the intein alone spread as a selfish genetic element.
Total RNA (10 μg) was electrophoresed in 1.0% agarose gel and transferred onto nylon membranes as described earlier [39,40].
The possibility that GshA arose early in the bacterial lineage and then was transferred to the eukaryotic lineage and into at least one archaeon ( Halobacterium ) is perhaps more appealing.
Plants were transferred to growth chambers for ozone (O 3 ) fumigation (clean air control plants were transferred to an adjacent chamber under identical conditions except for the O 3 treatment).
Total RNA was isolated using the guanidium thiocyanate method [ 60 ] , followed by poly A extraction using oligo dT beads [ 61 ] . Equal amounts of each RNA sample were separated on formaldehyde/agarose gels and transferred onto nitrocellulose membranes.
Bacterially produced, purified GST-CAF1 and control GST proteins were subjected to SDS-PAGE, transferred onto a membrane and probed with a 35S-methionine-labeled hCCR4 protein synthesized in vitro.
Cell lysates were transferred to fresh microcentrifuge tubes.
ds cDNA was extracted with an equal volume of phenol:chloroform: isoamyl alcohol (25:24:1), transferred to a Phase Lock Gel™ tube (Eppendorf) and centrifuged at 16,000 g for 5 min.
Gene transfer into developing and mature primary T cells has been limited by the lack of efficient techniques for ex vivo or in vivo transfection or transduction.
By using nuclear run-off analysis, we further determined that the induction of PTEN was regulated at the transcriptional level, i.e. the transcription of the PTEN gene was significantly higher in cells that were transferred to suspension culture conditions (Figure 3).
Eggs kept at 10°C were transferred to 16°C on day 78 for hatching.
Wide-bore, smooth glass tubes (4 to 8 mm ID) with rubber bulbs or pipettors (such as a PROPIPETTE® or other pipettor) should be used for transferring smaller organisms such as mysids, and larval fish.
List mode data files were transferred to a Windows-based computer for off-line analysis.
We selected 25 Arg +transformants and analyzed them by Southern blotting for integration of the UAU1 cassette into one of the two CaCET1 chromosomal loci to yield the heterozygote CaCET1/cacet1::UAU1 configuration depicted in Figure 1. Briefly, genomic DNA was isolated from the 25 Arg +strains, then digested with Sca I (which cuts neither CaCET1 nor UAU1 ). The digests were resolved by agarose gel-electrophoresis and transferred to membranes, which were probed with a radiolabeled DNA corresponding to the 5' segment of CaCET1 (probe A in Figure 1).
The separated proteins were transferred to nitrocellulose membranes, and the membranes were incubated with the respective primary and secondary antibodies.
The Washington-based Legal Services Corp. wants the buildings transferred to the S.C.
The callers were transferred back and forth several times and advised to stay put.
In the present study, when confluent or nocodazole-treated cells were transferred into enucleated M I oocytes, nuclear swelling was observed in 34.
After mixing and centrifugation, the upper hexane layer was removed and transferred to a clean test tube and the aqueous layer was extracted twice more with 1.5 ml hexane.
Samples were resolved by SDS-PAGE (9% polyacrylamide) and electrophoretically transferred to nitrocellulose filters (BioRad).
When donor nuclei are transferred into non-treated M II recipient oocytes that have high MPF activity, various changes referred to as nuclear remodeling occur in the introduced nuclei.
The CAS peptide was transferred to pLexA as follows: Two complementary oligos which encoded the 11 amino acid CAS peptide (oVT2899: AATTCTGGAGCTTCTGGATCCAAGAATGGAATCAAAGTTAAG, and oVT2900: GGCCGCTTAACTTTGATTCCATTCTTGGATCCAGAAGCTCCAG) were annealed in PCR buffer and cloned using standard methods into pVT725 via EcoRI and NotI restriction sites.
Revenue is shown when it is recognized, and it is shown as transferred to others when the cash is disbursed or the property is delivered.
In E. coli and Salmonella , the codon projections reveal that the first axis was principally due to G+C content, the laterally transferred genes being A+T-rich.
In addition, the 911 system struggled with the volume of calls and rigid standard operating procedures according to which calls conveying crucial information had to wait to be transferred to either EMS or FDNY dispatch.
The terminal 8 cm segment of ileum was removed and immediately transferred into 2°C cold mammalian Ringer solution (128 mM NaCl, 4.7 mM KCl, 2.5 mM CaCl 2 , 1.2 mM NaH 2 PO 4 1.2 mM MgSO 4 , and 20 mM NaHCO 3 , pH at 37°C = 7.30 - 7.40, 290 mosm, gassed continuously with 95% O 2 /5% CO 2 ). The intestinal length was measured and the tissue cut into 2 one-cm segments, 1 five-cm segment and another one-cm segment beginning distally.
OMPs from SDS-PAGE were transferred electrophoretically to Nitrocellulose paper (0.
If transferred to the General Fund, the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements; if transferred to another entity, they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer.
Total RNA (20 μg) was isolated from various cells and ran on a 1% formaldehyde-agarose gel overnight at 75 V, transferred onto a 0.2 μm nitrocellulose membrane (Millipore Inc.), UV cross-linked, and hybridized overnight at 42°C with 32P-end-labeled 40 mer oligo probes including p21/Waf1, C-myc, Pro-thymosin, Actin, Tat, and Ubiquitin (Loftstrand, Gaithersburg, Md.).
It should be noted that the fibroblast cells lines we used remain fully viable after detachment and transfer to suspension culture [ 31 43 ] . This is in contrast to most epithelial cells which undergo anoikis, i.e., apoptotic cell death after the disruption of cell-matrix interactions [ 45 ] . It is of interest that some anchorage-independent tumor cells, most of which are of epitheloid origin, become susceptible to anoikis after the introduction of exogenous PTEN [ 23 34 35 36 ] . These observations are in line with the established ability of PTEN to down-regulate the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3-K)/PKB survival pathway [ 11 46 ] . The absence of anoikis in our two cell lines may reflect inherent cell type specific differences, i.e., the superior ability of fibroblasts to survive under suspension culture conditions.
5%) blastocysts (Figure 2) were obtained and this percentage was significantly (P < 0.05) lower than that of embryos produced by transferring confluent cells into M II oocytes (7.
The conduct of "benefits transfer" exercises necessarily involves some uncertainties.
We observed no decrement in GFP expression by adoptively transferred cells as long as 4 days following transfer (data not shown), but have not yet examined later time points.
For ligand blot assays, samples separated by SDS-PAGE (9%) were transferred to PVDF overnight, blocked with 5% dried milk in TTBS (50 mM Tris-HCl, 150 mM NaCl, 0.05% Tween 20, pH 7.5).
Furthermore, the same results are achieved whether only the top 1 sequence (the one with the highest orthology value, shown in Tables 2and 3) or the top 10 sequences are used to transfer annotation from.
The EDL muscle was then transferred to a dissecting chamber, through which Krebs Henseleit solution (NaCl, 125 mM; KCl, 4.7 mM; NaH 2 PO 4 , 1.78 mM; MgCl 2 , 1 mM; CaCl 2 , 1.9 mM; NaHCO 3 , 24 mM; Dextrose, 10 mM) flowed.
The remaining sequences provided our final set of candidates for horizontally transferred genes (Tables 1, 3).
The analyses described in this section reconfirm that genes have been transferred across domain boundaries [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Not surprisingly, these transfers appear to occur preferentially between organisms living in the same or similar environment.
For property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency, it is the fair value of the property less a valuation allowance for any liens or third party claims.
Then VO 2+-nucleotide complexes were added to purified sCD39 at 1:1 molar ratio, mixed, and incubated for 5 minutes on ice before they were transferred into EPR tubes.
In contrast, when nuclei in G0 or G1 phase are transferred into non-treated recipients, reconstructed embryos can develop to offspring in many species [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 11].
The whole cell extracts were separated on the 7.5% SDS PAGE and transferred onto nitrocellulose membrane by electroblotting.
Cumulus cells were removed by vortexing with 0.1% (w:v) hyaluronidase and denuded oocytes were transferred into 100 μl of Hepes-buffered TCM-199 supplemented with 7.5 μg/ml cytochalasin B (Sigma) and 10% FCS with the osmolarity adjusted to 300 mOsm by adding sorbitol (manipulation medium) at 29 or 42 h after IVM.
After Vortex-mixing, duplicate 1.8 mL aliquots were transferred to polypropylene tubes and centrifuged for 5 min at 25°C and 14,000 g (Mikroliter centrifuge, Hettich, Tuttlingen, Germany).
However, the link did not transfer the user to a comment box particular to the rule at issue.
Reaction mixtures were then transferred immediately to a 30°C water bath, and proteolysis was inhibited 5 min later by addition of an equal volume of 2× SDS sample buffer containing 2 mM EGTA.
Equal amounts of unboiled protein (42 μg) were loaded onto reducing 10% SDS-Tris-glycine polyacrylamide gels, transferred to nitrocellulose (Bio-Rad), and processed as described previously [ 41 ] , with some modifications.
Gene transfer between organisms often complicates the interpretation of their evolution.
The only biochemically characterized eukaryotic representative of this superfamily is LRAT, which transfers an acyl group from the sn-1 position of phosphatidylcholine (lecithin) to retinal, to form retinyl esters [ 27, 42, 43].
As important and vital as the homeland security mission is to our nation's future, the other non-homeland security missions transferred to DHS for the most part are not small or trivial responsibilities.
Sections were floated on deionized water, transferred onto microscope slides treated with subbing solution (0.
- Any unit designated under this section shall not transfer or bank allowances producedas a result of reduced utilization or shutdown, except that, such allowances may be transferred or carried forward for use in subsequent years to the extent that the reduced utilization or shutdown results
However, if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP&E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP&E for the recipient entity, it is recognized as a transfer-out (a negative other financing source) of capitalized assets by the transferring entity.
No funds transferred from a purchaser to a seller of allowances under this paragraph shall be held by any officer or employee of the United States or treated for any purpose as revenue to the United States or the Administrator.
The lysate was transferred to a TLS55 ultracentrifuge tube, over-layered sequentially with 30% and 5% sucrose in TENV.
Likewise, Arabidopsis PAI2 and PAI3 genes that have been trans-methylated by the PAI1/PAI4 locus do not transfer their methylation status to naive singlet genes [ 12 ] . In fact, there are few well-documented cases for the non-allelic relay of trans-silencing ability [ 11 24 ] . Does this amount to an operational difference between allelic (paramutation) and non-allelic (trans-silencing) interactions, or does it simply reflect a lack of data?
The proteins were transferred to a PVDF transfer membrane (BIO-RAD, Hercules, CA, USA) in electrophoresis buffer (20 mM Tris-HCl, pH8.
Static-renewal tests - The test organisms are exposed to a fresh solution of the same concentration of sample every 24 h or other prescribed interval, either by transferring the test organisms from one test chamber to another, or by replacing all or a portion of solution in the test chambers.
Proteins were resolved by SDS-PAGE and transferred to Immobilon P membranes.
In male and female rats from experiments 1 and 2, CALB and COX-2 levels in the frontal cortex and hippocampus (CALB only) were determined using Western blot analysis, as reported elsewhere [ 49 55 ] . In brief, homogenized samples (30 μg per lane for frontal cortex and hippocampus- by treatment) were resolved on 14% Tri-Glycine gels and transferred onto Millipore Immobilon-P membranes (Millipore, Bedford, MA, USA) by electroblotting.
The President's proposal for the new department indicates that DHS, in addition to its homeland security responsibilities, will also be responsible for carrying out all other functions of the agencies and programs that are transferred to it.
The compromise position of several committees has been to transfer responsibility for visa policy to the proposed department, while retaining the cadre of overseas visa officers within State.
Unfortunately, several programs (in particular, support for young scientists) have recently been transferred from RFBR to a newly established government office, and have thus become less independent.
Consequently, eggs kept at 0-4°C were transferred to 16°C on day 98 for hatching.
After having established that PTEN protein phosphatase activity could be determined specifically, we transferred MDAH cells to suspension culture conditions and measured PTEN activity at various times afterwards.
The original law signed by the governor required screening of all injured patients admitted to an acute care hospital as well as injured patients who required the activation of a trauma team response or who were transferred to or from an acute care institution.
In the latter case, early HGT event(s) must have transferred arsenate resistance to the other domain, followed by subsequent divergence to the phylogeny seen today.
In fact, quite a number of the agencies proposed to be transferred to DHS have multiple functions.
Following a 24 hour incubation, culture plates were centrifuged at 250 × g for 4 minutes and a 100 μL aliquot transferred to a clean 96-well plate.
For western blotting, 40 μg of total cellular protein was run on a SDS-PAGE gel, transferred to a nylon membrane, and incubated with IGFBP2 antibody (Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Inc.) following the procedure as described [ 11 ] .
To prepare template plasmid DNA from each sample, bacterial inoculates were transferred from 384-well storage to 96-well growth blocks containing 1 ml medium per sample and grown overnight.
Although an individual household can tap its wealth by selling assets to finance consumption or accumulate other assets, the sale of an existing asset merely transfers ownership; it does not generate new economic output.
Collectively, these data indicate that neither hCARΔcyt or GFP expression nor adenoviral transduction affects survival or trafficking of adoptively transferred cells for at least 4 days in vivo.
- (1) It shall be unlawful for any person to hold, use, or transfer any allowance allocated, auctioned, or sold by the Administrator under this title, except in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Administrator.
The entire amount of the duties could be transferred to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, and these governments could then pay the Customs Service to reimburse it for its services of collecting duties.
For the standard operating procedure and only a few people being available, causing calls to be transferred, see FDNY interview 28, Dispatch (Jan.
Cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring entity in determining its net cost of operations but is required to be transferred to the General Fund or another entity; other capitalized assets may include general property, plant, and equipment.
For monetary instruments, the revenue is recognized at the time of obtaining forfeiture judgment; for property that is sold, at the time of sale; and for property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency, at the time of obtaining approval to use the property internally or transfer it.
1) Identifying genes likely to have been transferred (directly or indirectly) to E. coli O157:H7 from archaea.
Isolation of total cellular RNA using a urea/LiCl protocol and gel electrophoresis was performed as described previously [ 65 ] . Gels were transferred onto Amersham Hybond N+ nylon membranes in 20 × SSC and prehybridized in 4 × SSC, 1 × Denhardt's solution, 0.5% SDS for 2 h at 68°C.
Benefits transfer is the science and art of adapting primary benefits research from similar contexts to obtain the most accurate measure of benefits for the environmental quality change under analysis.
The receiving entity recognizes the transfer-in as an other financing source; the transferring entity recognizes the transfer-out as a negative financing source.
Cells were transferred to Liebovitz L-15 media with 10% fetal calf serum in a heated (37°C) open-air chamber 15 minutes prior to imaging.
These samples were separated by SDS-PAGE, electrophoretically transferred to polyvinylidene difluoride membrane, and blocked with 5% milk in PBS-T.
9% of embryos produced by transferring confluent cells into M I or M II oocytes with no significant differences.
Gradually administration will be transferred to South Mississippi Legal Services, which will hire a Project Coordinator.
from the replacement of thermal energy from the unit designated under this section, with thermal energy generated by any other unit or units subject to the requirements of this subpart, and the designated unit's allowances are transferred or carried forward for use at such other replacement unit or units.
The proteins were transferred onto nitrocellulose membrane, and the PDGFR-α was detected with anti-PDGFR-α antibody (Santa Cruz Biotechnologies Inc.).
Interestingly, whereas seedlings sown directly on 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose produce larger shoot systems than seedlings sown directly on 0.27 M glucose, seedlings transferred to 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose after 3 days on 0.03 M glucose produce smaller shoot systems than seedlings transferred to 0.27 M glucose (Figure 5).
Flow cytometric analysis determined that the transferred population of Ad-transduced cells from DO11.hCARΔcyt Tg donors retained the pre-transfer frequencies of GFP +and GFP -cells within the DO11.
Thus, although bacterial genomes tend to acquire large amounts of DNA, we have shown that those transferred genes have very peculiar features that do not denote a previous genomic context but connect them with parasitic sequences such as phages.
The extracts, normalized for total protein content, were separated by SDS/PAGE and transferred to a polyvinylidene difluoride membrane (Immobilon-P, Millipore Corp.).
[ 32 ] suggested that indeed lutein transferred excitation energy entirely to Chl a while neoxanthin, a xanthophyll bound near helix-2 (see Fig.
One hundred thousand cells were separated by 5% SDS-PAGE, transferred by wet-transfer to PVDF membrane, and blotted as described above using monoclonal antibody specific for the N-terminus of BRCA1 (Oncogene Boston, MA).
Gels were transferred to nitrocellulose membranes (Sigma) and blocked with 5% milk powder in PBS at 4°C (overnight).
The Administrator shall record such withholding for purposes of transferring the proceeds of the allowance sales under this subsection.
Clearly the Postal Service could do more to transfer some of these operations to the private sector through worksharing discounts.
single strand) probe fragments was checked by agarose gel electrophoresis of denatured probe followed by Southern transfer and demonstration of biotin by BluGene kit (Invitrogen Life Technologies).
The x, y, z-coordinates of the dies were recorded at a dental laboratory by use of an electronic stylus [ 9 ] and transferred electronically to the Procera laboratory where the Al 2 O 3 coping was made.
The functions of these genes indicated that they could indeed be transferred genes, acquired before the divergence of the genomes considered.
It is not known whether foreign genes can be transferred into plants by this mechanism in nature, but such a process is plausible.
Irrespective of the population of T cells transferred (DO11.
In mid-December, President Clinton signed a Memorandum of Notification (MON) giving the CIA broader authority to use foreign proxies to detain Bin Ladin lieutenants, without having to transfer them to U.S. custody.
It is possible that radiation-induced, tumor-infiltrating dendritic cells may facilitate sustained activation and infiltration of the adoptively transferred CD4 +T cells in solid tumors in the combination group.
16 Most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors "wash out" at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.
, stewardship PP&E) may be transferred from one Government entity to another.
This subset will be the focus of our search for genes likely to have laterally transferred from archaea.
The term "designated representative" means a responsible person or official authorized bythe owner or operator of a unit and the facility that includes the unit to represent the owner or operator in matters pertaining to the holding, transfer, or disposition of allowances , and the
Crosses of Rip1-Tag5 mice to transgenic mice that either increased the abundance of anti-Tag CD4 +T cells (TCR1) [ 28 ] or rendered the tumor cells co-stimulatory (Rip-B7-1) [ 31 ] dramatically enhanced the infiltration of premalignant lesions, but not of solid tumors [ 22 ] . Additionally, ex vivo stimulated Tag-specific CD4 +T cells were transferred into Rip1-Tag5.
However, if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP&E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP&E for the recipient entity, it is recognized as a transfer-out (a negative other financing source) of capitalized assets by the
Segal said raising money to help Legal Aid is critical "to help battered women, people transferring from welfare to jobs in the economy, and the elderly.
Eighty-four luciferase transfected clones and 113 SEAP transfected clones were transferred from the 96 well plates and duplicate wells of each were treated with either DMSO or 15 μM GS-E in DMSO for 24 hours.
If allocation is not feasible, the investment shall be reported on the basis of the predominant application of the expense or transfer.
The G+C content of a genome and the codon usage of its genes are determined by selection and mutation pressures [ 1 ] . Because these evolutionary processes are characteristic of each species, the sequences belonging to a genome share a common pattern of composition of bases, codons and oligonucleotides [ 2 3 ] , making it possible to identify laterally transferred genes (LTGs) as those whose features are atypical for a particular genome.
Proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE and transferred to a polyvinylidene difluoride membrane (Roche) as described previously [ 66 ] . Blot membranes were blocked for 3 h at 37°C in PBS containing 5 % skim milk and probed with the respective antibodies (16 h at 4°C).
Previous studies have shown that adoptively transferred tumor antigen-specific CD4 +T cells can be tolerized in the secondary lymphoid organs [ 9 34 ] , including the RIP-Tag2 model [ 30 ] . Radiation may kill or disable regulatory T cells [ 35 36 ] , or other bone marrow-derived tolerizing cells and prevent the induction of tolerance in adoptively transferred tumor-specific T cells [ 9 ] . Additionally, the high but sub-lethal dose of radiation used leads to significant lymphopenia [ 37 ] . The sudden reduction in lymphocyte number may create the spatial allowance in spleen and lymph nodes necessary for the homing, activation and expansion of he adoptively-transferred T cells.
20 μg of each RNA was electrophoresed through a 1% agarose-formaldehyde gel and transferred to a Nylon membrane (Micron Separations, Westborough, MA).
Static-renewal tests - The test organisms are exposed to a fresh solution of the same concentration of sample every 24 h or other prescribed interval, either by transferring the test organisms from one test chamber to another, or by replacing all or a portion of solution in the test chambers.
They were transferred immediately to a 3% non-fat milk/PBS/0.
After overnight incubation, excess IgG antibody from the serum was washed away by thrice transferring the pegs to troughs containing 14 ml of PBS containing 0.05 % Tween 20 (PBS-Tween) for 5 min each time.
Second, we plan on transferring ORFs to a universal cloning system (see [ 21, 22] for examples) in order to generate a standard reagent for proteomics and other functional genomic experiments.
Aliquots of the oligonucleotides were transferred and mixed as primer pairs to separate locations of 96-well plates prior to delivery from the commercial source, which facilitated amplification in the 96-well format.
Supernatants were transferred to new tubes and nuclei were subsequently washed two times with 50 μl of buffer A. Protein in the supernatant and pellet fractions were dissolved in SDS sample buffer, resolved by 8% SDS-PAGE, transferred to nitrocellulose, and immunoblotted with anti-HA antibody.
Samples were then washed with distilled water, dehydrated in a graded series of ethanol, transferred into t-butylalchohol, and dried in Freeze Dryer ES-2030 (Hitachi, Japan).
Proteins were transferred to PVDF membranes and analyzed with either anti-T7 or SKI antibodies and the appropriate secondary antibodies.
Proteins resolved by SDS-PAGE were transferred to nitrocellulose membranes and the membranes blocked for 2 hours in 5% dry milk in PBS-T (Phosphate Buffered saline and 0.1% Tween 20).
The ds cDNA (aqueous layer) was transferred to a new tube and precipitated by adding 1 μl linear acrylamide (0.
2.5 ml of this suspension were transferred to each centrifuge tube and laid between a 100 ul STM 2.1 cushion and 200 ul of STM 0.8 (50 mM Tris/HCl, pH 7.4, 0.8 M sucrose, 5 mM MgSO 4 , 2 mM DTT, 1× protease inhibitor cocktail, 1 mM PMSF).
In mice, either passively transferred human serum IgG against pneumococcal surface protein A or vaccine-induced antibodies to pneumococcal surface protein A and/or pneumolysin are protective against invasive disease.
In fact, CBO estimates that 1 percent of the total annual spending will be for administrative costs, but that a proportionate share of the costs to currently administer these agencies will be transferred.
The antennal pairs were placed immediately in luciferin-containing medium in 96-well plates and transferred to the luminometer (as described in [ 23 ] ), where they were exposed to 2 additional days of the temperature-cycle in DD before being maintained at a constant temperature of 27°C for the duration of the LUC-monitoring runs.
The protective effects of antibody to pneumococcal capsular polysaccharides have been appreciated since the development of serum therapy, in which passively transferred, serotype-specific antipneumococcal serum reduced mortality from pneumococcal pneumonia by half [1].
At frequencies used by radiofrequency ablation devices, energy is transferred primarily by conductive (ohmic) heating, where current is generated through the movement of charge from the ablation probe to the electrical ground plate via the path of least resistance.
Samples representing 2 × 10 5cells were separated by SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) and transferred to Immobilion P membranes.
The cysteine that covalently bonds to the transferred S atom is conserved in all nine of the sequences that contain the rhodanese-like domain included in this study (data not shown).
Saeed al Ghamdi transferred to a university in al Qassim, but he soon stopped talking to his family and dropped out of school without informing them.
If the asset was classified as stewardship PP&E in its entirety by both the transferring entity and the recipient entity, the transfer does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either entity and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue, a gain or loss, or other financing source.
Pst I-digested genomic DNA was electrophoresed through a 1.0% agarose gel, denatured, neutralized, and transferred by capillary blotting to a Hybond -N +membrane (Amersham, Arlington Heights, IL).
Five μ• of 20 μM premixed primer pairs were transferred to 0.2 ml Thermo-Fast ®96-well plates (Marsh cat.
The most likely possibility is that GshA arose in the bacterial domain, and the gene was transferred to eukaryotes at an early stage in their evolution.
Equal volumes of each sample (cytosolic and cytoskeleton-associated components) were subjected to SDS-PAGE, transferred to a nitrocellulose membrane (Bio-Rad) and immunoblotted with primary antibody to β-actin and detected using horseradish peroxidase-conjugated secondary antibody (Vector Laboratories) and SuperSignal West Dura (Pierce) as a chemiluminescent substrate.
8% H 2 O, 1% lithium citrate, 1% thiodiglycol, 0.7% hydrogen chloride, 0.5% benzoic acid, pH 2.2), transferred to an Amicon 30 microconcentrator (Amicon Inc., Beverly, MA), and centrifuged at 16060 × g for 60 minutes at 4°C.
This desirable quality is claimed to be transferred to the dog after the plant is used in a bath.
The regulations under this subsection shall establish the allowance system prescribed under this section, including, but not limited to, requirements for the allocation, transfer, and use of allowances under this title.
Bmp4 laczneo mice used for expression analysis were bred at Vanderbilt University Medical Center and eyes transferred to The Jackson Laboratory.
If transferred to the General Fund, the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements; if transferred to another entity, they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer.
TRANSFERS BETWEEN APPROPRIATION/FUND ACCOUNTS -Occur when all or part of the budget authority in one account is transferred to another account when such transfers are specifically authorized by law.
- Any unit designated under this section shall not transfer or bank allowances producedas a result of reduced utilization or shutdown, except that, such allowances may be transferred or carried forward for use in subsequent years to the extent that the reduced utilization or shutdown results
At day 16 all the embryos were transferred from a constant 16°C to one of three different temperature regimes: (1) 4°C in the light and 0°C in the dark; (2) constant 10°C; (3) constant 16°C, all with a 13L:11D photoperiod.
One- to two-week-old seedlings were transferred to fresh 0.5× MS agar plates and 40 μl of a 0.3 μM dexamethasone (Dex) solution was then dropped on each seedling.
Homogenates were then centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 20 min, supernatants were transferred into clean tubes and stored at 4°C.
The latter were assumed to be infrequently transferred, but recent analyses reported them to be horizontally transferred among bacterial lineages [ 10 11 ] . The initiation factor IF-2 in Halobacterium sp. was previously shown to have strong similarity to the initiation factor IF-2 from Bacteria [ 49 ] . Most of the genes that group Halobacterium with the mesophilic bacteria encode functions that were postulated to be frequently exchanged [ 50 ] . While no meta-category appears exempt from HGT, some functions appear to be more often transferred than others (cf.
Placentas were fixed in 4% paraformaldehyde overnight at 4 C, transferred to 30% sucrose in 0.1 MPB, equilibrated overnight, and then embedded and snap frozen in standard glycerol-based medium (TBS, Durham, NC).
We computed four independent factorial correspondence analyses (FCA) on the genes of each type (native and transferred genes, IS, and phages) for the four species E. coli O157:H7, Helicobacter pylori , Salmonella enterica , and Streptococcus pneumoniae . Figure 4shows the projection of the genes and the codons on the two first axes for E. coli , Salmonella , S. pneumoniae and H. pylori . The codons have been labeled according to their third position.
Fifteen minutes after the initiation of the cementation process the cemented copings with the steel dies and washers were transferred to distilled water or artificial saliva and then stored in an oven at 37°C.
After electroporation, cells were transferred into 1.5 ml eppendorf tubes and incubated for 1 hr at 37°C to allow ribosylation.
Containers made of plastics, such as polyethylene, polypropylene, polyvinyl chloride, TYGON®, etc., may be used as test chambers or to ship, store and transfer effluents and receiving waters, but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary, because they could carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another, if reused.
Because GLIMMER selectively identifies ORFs that match a statistical model of a gene for the organism [ 29], GLIMMER may miss genes that were laterally transferred or acquired more recently from other genomes.
After centrifugation, the upper-phase solution was transferred to a new tube, and the DNA precipitated with ethanol.
If multi-use heritage assets are transferred and some cost was recognized for them on the books of the transferring entity, that cost is recognized as a transfer-out (a negative other financing source) of capitalized assets.
Table 1shows the relative frequencies of the codons of isoleucine (I) and arginine (R) for all the native and transferred genes, IS, and phages for each species.
The amount recorded by both entities is the transferring entity's book value of the asset.
Whatever their reason, the Portland Jetport was the nearest airport to Boston with a 9/11 flight that would have arrived at Logan in time for the passengers to transfer to American Airlines Flight 11, which had a scheduled departure time of 7:45 A.M.
All procedures were published previously [ 6 20 ] . In brief, protein samples of 25 μg in 2 × sodium dodecylsulfate loading buffer were fractionated by 10% sodium dodecylsulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis at 100 V. The proteins were transferred onto 0.45-μm pore nitrocellulose membrane (Schleicher & Schuell, Keene, NH) at 40 V for 45 to 60 minutes.
The ASP database program will enable the Asian Pacific American Legal Resource Center (APALRC) to conduct client intake at their offices of mono-lingual Asian American clients, and then transfer eligibility and case data over the Internet to PLAS if the client needs brief legal advice, or to LSNV for extended representation.
Twenty-four h before transfection, cells were trypsinized and transferred to 12-well plates.
The same accounting that is used for post-1991 direct loans is also used for pre-1992 direct loans that were modified and transferred to financing accounts; loans receivable arising from defaulted post-1991 guaranteed loans; and loans receivable arising from defaulted pre-1992 guaranteed loans that were modified and transferred to financing accounts.
The A+T richness of the transferred genes
The embryos were then transferred into a 25°C incubator and aged.
This is trickier, since in this case only one ortholog will be reported for the query sequence, but it will be just as dangerous to transfer annotation.
Prior to staining, to prevent water condensation, the slides were transferred at -80°C into pre-chilled air protected boxes containing Drierite granules (W.A.
Fractionated RNA was transferred by Northern blot to Zeta-probe membrane (Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA).
SOCIAL INSURANCE PROGRAMS - Income transfer programs financed by compulsory earmarked taxes and also, in certain cases, general revenues of the federal government.
Rutlen et al ., using nuclear scintigraphy, reported that 150 ml or less of blood transferred to the intravascular space after leg elevation [ 15].
Hawalas typically do not have a large central control office for settling transactions, maintaining instead a loose association with other hawaladars to transfer value, generally without any formal or legally binding agreements.
Bin Ladin relied on the established hawala networks operating in Pakistan, in Dubai, and throughout the Middle East to transfer funds efficiently.
If a query sequence is likely to have super-orthologs, they represent an excellent source to transfer functional annotation from.
Previous studies have shown that adoptively transferred tumor antigen-specific CD4 +T cells can be tolerized in the secondary lymphoid organs [ 9 34 ] , including the RIP-Tag2 model [ 30 ] . Radiation may kill or disable regulatory T cells [ 35 36 ] , or other bone marrow-derived tolerizing cells and prevent the induction of tolerance in adoptively transferred tumor-specific T cells [ 9 ] . Additionally, the high but sub-lethal dose of radiation used leads to significant lymphopenia [ 37 ] . The sudden reduction in lymphocyte number may create the spatial allowance in spleen and lymph nodes necessary for the homing, activation and expansion of he adoptively-transferred T cells.
If transferred to the General Fund, the interest is recognized as exchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements because it is related to the government's cost of borrowing; if transferred to another entity, it is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer.
Therefore, the recipient entity recognizes the transfer-in as an other financing source, and the transferring entity recognizes the transfer-out as a negative financing source.
Approximately 2 μg of GST fusion proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE, transferred to Nitrocellulose and probed with biotinylated SH3-GST fusion proteins as previously described [ 25].
25 μg) was directly transferred to Hybond N+ nylon membrane under vacuum using a Hoefer PR648 slot blot apparatus (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech) as described in [ 25 ] . The slot blots were produced in batches of ten from a relevant master mix and probed with the same cDNA under the same conditions as described for Northern blot analysis.
The proteins were denatured by boiling for 5 min, then were separated by electrophoresis on 7.5% SDS-PAGE, and transferred to PVDF membranes.
4 μg) was resolved on a denaturing 1% agarose gel, transferred to nitrocellulose membrane and hybridized with a radiolabeled probe as described [ 56].
Moreover, some reconstructed embryos produced by transferring confluent cells developed to the blastocyst stage.
Gels were transferred in 20% methanol to polyvinylidene difluoride membrane (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Piscataway, NJ, USA).
H441 cells were harvested and total RNA isolated as described previously [ 16 ] . Equal amounts of total RNA from each condition were separated on agarose gels, transferred to Nytran-plus membranes (Schleicher and Schuell, Keene, NH, USA), and subsequently hybridized with a radiolabeled human SP-A cDNA.
, thiosulfate), forms a temporary covalent linkage between the S atom and a conserved cysteine residue, then transfers the sulfur to a thiophilic acceptor (e.g.
Embryos transferred to 16°C from 0-4°C on day 49 underwent early katatrepsis but displayed a high hatching success.
For northern blotting, 20 μg of total RNA was electrophorized on a denaturing agarose gel, transferred to nylon membrane, and hybridized to 33P labeled cDNA probes as described previously [ 11 ] .
Detached cells were washed twice with staining buffer (PBS containing 10% FCS, 0.1% sodium azide and 25 mM HEPES, pH 7.4) and stained as described previously [ 49 ] . Briefly, cells were transferred into the wells of round-bottom 96-well plates, the plates were centrifuged at 200 g for 30 seconds, the supernatant removed by shaking, and the cell pellets resuspended in 50 μl of staining buffer containing saturating concentration of anti-MHCII-FITC.
In cases of a recent HGT, it has been suggested that the nucleotide composition of the transferred gene might reflect that of the donor species rather than the recipient species [ 42 ] . To establish a baseline nucleotide composition of M. incognita transcripts, we calculated the average G+C content for our entire M. incognita (WMi) sequence dataset, obtaining a value of 34.
The PCR products were run on high-density agarose gels in duplicate (200 wells/gel) and transferred to nylon filters.
Wuhib, Chorba, MacKenzie, and McNabb were employees of the U.S. federal government when this work was performed and prepared for publication; therefore, it is not protected by the Copyright Act, and there is no copyright of which the ownership can be transferred.
These three codons seem to be the principal ones leading to the separation between native and transferred genes in these analyses.
In contrast, the extent of horizontal transfer involving higher eukaryotes has been controversial, with many cases of hypothesized horizontally transferred genes [ 10 11 12 13 14 ] having been refuted by later studies [ 15 16 ] .
Every day we collected any eggs deposited on the leaves with a soft, moist paintbrush and transferred them to dampened filter paper placed in the lid of a 16 mm diameter petri dish.
This is because the NOx SIP call itself, and the state implementation plans approved under the NOx SIP call, already include provisions concerning the matters addressed in these general provisions in Part A, such as tracking and transferring of allowances, permitting, monitoring and reporting, and compliance.
As shown in Figure 6, both the seedlings grown continuously on 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose, or transferred to that media after 3 days on 0.03 M glucose, metabolize almost all of their 20:1 fatty acid.
Equal amounts of unboiled protein (60 μg) were loaded onto reducing 10% SDS-Tris-glycine polyacrylamide gels, transferred to nitrocellulose (Bio-Rad), and processed as described previously [ 51 ] , with some modifications.
Proteins were separated on 7.5% Doucet gels [ 48 ] and transferred to nitrocellulose was performed using a wet-transfer apparatus (Bio-Rad) at 100 V for 45 min.
Unfixed cryosections of synovial tissue, obtained from closed needle biopsies as described above, were scraped off the slide with a 22-gauge needle, transferred into a microfuge tube, and vortexed.
At microwave frequencies, energy is primarily transferred to tissue via capacitive coupling (field heating) which causes vibration of particles in tissues, resulting in tissue heating.
We chose to administer the NPI-Q two days post-admission because a significant number of patients on these units are most likely to be discharged or transferred two days post-admission.
Osteoblast proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE as described by Laemmli [ 66 ] . The proteins were then electrophoretically transferred to polyvinylidene difluoride membranes (Fisher Biotech), using the Mini Trans-Blot apparatus (BioRad, Hercules, CA) at 300 mA for 1 h at 4°C according to manufacturer's recommendations.
According to the manufacturer, Alexa-calmodulin had two dye moieties per calmodulin molecule; the modified residues were likely Lys-75 and Lys-94, the most reactive of calmodulin's lysine residues [ 44 ] . After incubation for 2 hours at room temperature, we transferred 50 μl of the solution to another 96-well plate and measured fluorescence (excitation 485 nm; emission, 520 nm) using a BMG Labtechnologies Fluorostar 403 microplate fluorometer (Durham, NC).
Katatrepsis, and the end of diapause, however, occurs earlier in embryos maintained at higher temperatures, (10°C and 16°C) and can be bought forward in embryos maintained at 0-4°C by transferring them to 16°C at day 49.
Reporting shall include a description of major programs involving Federal investments in nonfederal physical property including a description of programs or policies under which non-cash assets are transferred to state and local governments.
Ten microliter of each product was transferred to two sets of 384 Micro Array plates (Cat.
The mixtures were transferred into a Centricon centrifugal ultrafiltration device with a M w cut-off of 100,000 and centrifuged at 3,500 × g for 30 min.
As a control, the same number of CD4 +CD25 -T cells, together with arthritogenic spleen cells that were depleted of CD25 +cells, and proteoglycan, were also adoptively transferred into SCID mice.
In enterobacteria, the native genes generally avoid the three codons ATA, AGA, and AGG, while the transferred genes show little or no codon bias for the corresponding amino acids.
While it is essential to be able to effectively transfer information to the community at large it is imperative that the educational quality of the product that a training program produces (lay health advisor, witness role model) be maximized through well integrated multifaceted approaches.
Rhizobia have the ability to transfer genes horizontally to other bacteria, and M. loti carries a 'symbiosis island' which spans approximately 9% of its genome and has been shown to have a role in rhizobial evolution via HGT [ 46 ] . This symbiosis island contains certain genes involved in nodulation and nitrogen-fixation functions, but none of these is a homolog of the nematode HGT candidates we have identified.
The slide was transferred quickly to a solution of 0.1X SSC, and 0.1% SDS, incubated for 10 minutes at room temperature with gentle agitation, and washed 5 additional times in 0.1X SSC for 1 min. at room temperature.
Thus, it is possible that ancestral clostridial plasmids may have transferred ars genes to the Spirochetes.
When bovine somatic cells were transferred into preactivated recipient oocytes, the resulting reconstructed embryo development was limited, since all embryos arrested at the 8-cell stage regardless of the cell cycle of the donor cells [ 14].
Induction of CIA is dependent on B cells, and high doses of antibodies are pathogenic when transferred to naïve recipients [ 31 ] . IL-10 can affect both the viability and the production of immunoglobulin by B cells [ 32 33 ] . To determine whether the augmentation in CIA correlated with an alteration in anticollagen antibodies, we collected sera from animals at the time of sacrifice.
These data suggest that the competence for trans-silencing may be transferred between non-allelic transgenes, reminiscent of the allelic transfer of epigenetic activity during paramutation.
The proteins separated by SDS-PAGE were transferred electrophoretically to poly(vinylidene difluoride) membranes (Bio-Rad).
The COC were then transferred to a 35 × 15 mm culture dish (Falcon No.
She was transferred on hospital day # 6 to the University of Michigan Medical Center for further evaluation and management.
Proteins resolved by SDS-PAGE were transferred to Immobilon-P membranes (Millipore Corp., Bedford, MA) using carbonate transfer buffer (pH 9.9) [ 5 ] . Specific proteins were visualized using rabbit polyclonal antibodies specific for glutathione S-transferase (GST)-tagged LcrG (α-LcrG) [ 4 ] , His-tagged LcrV (α-LcrV) [ 4 ] , YopM (α-YopM) [ 36 ] , GST-tagged LcrQ (α-LcrQ) [ 16 ] , YopN (aka LcrE) (α-LcrE [ 4 ] ), His-tagged YopD (α-YopD) [ 16 ] , and YopE (α-YopE; gift from S. C. Straley, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY.
The assays were performed by heating the RNA (500 nM) in H 2 O to 70°C for 3 minutes then transferring to ice for 1 minute.
Clonality was established by three independent methods: visualization of each cell transferred for clonal culture, X inactivation pattern analysis of the polymorphic androgen receptor alleles using GeneScan™, and identification of single-allele MECP2 transcripts (Fig.
- Allowances allocated, auctioned, or sold by the Administrator underthis title may be transferred among designated representatives of the owners or operators of affected facilities under this title and any other person , as provided by the allowance system regulations promulgated by the Administrator.
The filtrates were transferred to a similar device with a M w cut-off of 50,000 and centrifuged under the same conditions.
Similarly, Malone [ 17 ] observed a decrease in hydraulic conductance of spring wheat roots within minutes after plants were transferred from 22 to 8°C.
conceived the study, performed the microscopic and statistical analysis of the transferred cells and finalized the manuscript.
Chromosome-size DNA was prepared from yeast transformants carrying circular YACs, separated by clamped homogeneous electrical field gel electrophoresis (CHEF), transferred onto a nylon membrane, and hybridized with an alphoid DNA probe or Alu -probe (see above).
Indeed, the CD4+ T cells that directly destroy MHCII-positive tumors were identified [ 5 ] . In the clinic, the expression of MHCII on colorectal carcinomas is correlated with more favourable prognosis [ 6 ] . Adoptive transfer studies show that ex vivo activated CD4+ T cells are able to recognize, and to eliminate, MHCII-positive tumors either by themselves [ 7 ] or in co-operation with CD8+ T cells [ 8 ] . It has been also demonstrated that the increased MHCII expression on tumor cells and macrophages following treatment with IFNg in vivo was associated with enhanced efficacy of adoptive T cell therapy in a mouse model of metastatic sarcoma [ 9 ] .
Total RNA from planarian (10 μg per line) were fractionated by 1,1% formaldehyde-agarose denaturing gel electrophoresis and transferred to the Hybond-N membrane that was used for hybridization with [α- 32P]-labeled probes.
The blastocyst formation rate of reconstructed embryos produced by transferring confluent cells into M I oocytes was significantly lower than that of embryos reconstituted with confluent cells and M II oocytes although there were no significant differences in percentages of embryos with swollen nuclei between different maturation stages of recipient oocytes.
The lysates were fractionated by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and then transferred to Immobilon-P membrane (Millipore Ltd., Nepean, ON).
Brains were rehydrated through a descending alcohol chain (50%, 40%, 30%, 20%, 10%, 5%; 10 min each) and then transferred to fly saline containing 25% sucrose for cryoprotection overnight.
Each sample (CONT and SN50-treated) was analyzed on 4 separate 2-D gels which were then transferred onto 4 blots.
Marker transfer experiments involved co-transfection of HSV-2 pol coding region (HSV-2 SB5, HSV-2 83D, HSV-2 6652 and HSV-2 6757 described in [ 21 ] ) with HP66 viral DNA into Vero cells.
Supernatants were transferred to new tubes and nuclei were subsequently washed two times with 50 μl of buffer A. Protein in the supernatant and pellet fractions were dissolved in SDS sample buffer, resolved by 8% SDS-PAGE, transferred to nitrocellulose, and immunoblotted with anti-HA antibody.
Tenpatients required readmission to the SCU after being transferred to floor care(five because of upper gastrointestinal bleeding, five because of respiratoryfailures), four patients required a third SCU admission (all because ofrespiratory failures), and two patients requiring a fourth SCU admission (bothbecause of intra-abdominal abscesses/sepsis).
Sequential immunoaffinity columns were used to purify β-tubulin classes II and III with their associated α-tubulins as described previously [ 12 ] . Known amounts of PC-tubulin, β-tubulin classes II and III, and pig brain samples ( n = 12) from the cerebellum and right cerebrum were examined by SDS-polyacrylamide-gel electrophoresis and transferred to PVDF filters [ 43 ] . Alkaline phosphatase colorimetric reactions (NBT and BCIP) were used to identify tubulin isotypes.
7%) of embryos produced by transferring confluent or nocodazole-treated cells into M I oocytes (Table 3).
Cell-oocyte complexes were washed in TCM-199 supplemented with 10% FCS, transferred to the same medium and kept under 5% CO 2 in air at 38.
The numbers of transferred genes in the different strains of S. pneumoniae and H. pylori were approximately 100, so the entire sets were used.
24 hours after transfection the Wnt-expressing 293T cells were transferred to culture dishes seeded with C57mg cells.
Samples were transferred to PVDF, immunoblotted versus AB129, and developed using ECL Plus.
EPA's "Regulations and Proposed Rules" link on its home page allowed the user to transfer to the electronic Federal Register on the GPO Access web site.
In the present study, 7.6% of reconstructed embryos produced by transferring confluent adult somatic cells into enucleated M II oocytes matured in the protein-free medium developed to the blastocyst stage.
The SPM proteins were separated by 7.5% SDS-PAGE gels and subsequently transferred to nitrocellulose membranes.
A query term to require that a sequence contain a protein-coding region (CDS) was also added, which excluded ribosomal and transfer RNA sequences.
This suggests there are certain high-risk patients who may benefit from transfer to a tertiary care center with greater resources and technology.
Total RNA was size separated by electrophoresis on a 1.5% agarose/formaldehyde gel (10 μg of total RNA per lane) and transferred to a Hybond N+ nylon membrane.
Equal amounts of each sample were loaded and run on a 10% SDS-PAGE gel and transferred to nitrocellulose membranes using a semi-dry transblotting apparatus (Bio-Rad, Richmond, CA, USA).
Recently, it has been shown that when mouse embryonic stem cells [ 13] and bovine somatic cells [ 14] in the M phase were transferred into non-treated recipients, the chromosome constitution of reconstructed embryos was normal in that the second polar body was excluded after parthenogenetic activation and the embryos developed to offspring.
If the collecting entity transfers the nonexchange revenue to the General Fund or another entity, the amount is accounted for as a custodial activity by the collecting entity.
For acute O 3 treatment, plants were transferred to the experimental chambers 4 weeks after germination, allowed to acclimate for 1-2 days, and then maintained in clean air (controls) or treated with 0.35-0.
--Cash and other capitalized assets may be transferred without reimbursement from one Government entity to another.
Proteins were then transferred to a PVDF membrane and Western blot analysis was performed.
Additional work, however, has been transferred to a lower cost provider, causing a technical gain of about one billion dollars.
Consider Gira Fornaciari, who unearthed 49 members of the Medici family to confirm various causes of death, or the committee that had Beethoven and Schubert dug up to transfer them to more secure zinc coffins (borrowing both heads for a bit more measuring, and swiping Schubert's luxuriant, larvae-laden hair while they were at it).
- (1) It shall be unlawful for any person to hold, use, or transfer any allowance allocatedunder this subpart, except in accordance with regulations promulgated by the Administrator.
For the detection of holoAPP and sAPP α , samples were separated in 7.5% polyacrylamide gels, transferred to nitrocellulose, and the proteins detected with either 369 (1:3,000 for holoAPP and C-terminal fragments) or 6E10 (1:1,000 for holoAPP or sAPP α ), followed by incubation of the transfers with appropriate secondary anti-rabbit or anti-mouse antibodies.
In parallel, MDAH cells were also treated with tetracycline and transferred to suspension culture.
Total RNA from MCF-7 cells and human breast tumors was prepared as described [ 33 ] . Total RNA was electrophoresed on 1% formaldehyde/MOPS agarose gels and transferred onto nylon-reinforced nitrocellulose membranes.
Pellets were transferred to glass scintillation vials for resin (Durcupan ACM, EMS) infiltration.
Transfected cells were transferred to a recording chamber containing extracellular solution (140 mM NaCl, 1.7 mM MgCl 2 , 5 mM KCl, 1.8 mM CaCl 2 , 25 mM HEPES pH 7.4).
10) cells, recipient mice were sacrificed and secondary lymphoid tissues (lymph nodes, spleen and Peyer's patches) were divided for detection of the transferred KJ1-26 +and GFP +T cells by flow cytometry (Fig.
Horizontal transfer of whole genes and operons between divergent species is a frequent event [ 34 35 36 37 ] . Even house keeping genes are transferred between divergent species [ 37 ] .
Antibodies and antigens that were provided in glycerol solutions were transferred to a glycerol-free, phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) solution (137 mM NaCl, 2.7 mM KCl, 4.3 mM Na
However, aeration during collection, transfer, and preparation of samples should be minimized to reduce the loss of volatile chemicals.
Six weeks before the September 11 attacks, control of the WTC was transferred by net lease to a private developer, Silverstein Properties.
A Trans-Blot SD Semi-Dry Transfer Cell (Bio-Rad), which transfers in a horizontal apparatus with a platinum-coated titanium plate as anode and a stainless steel plate as cathode, was used to transfer the protein from the mini-gels to nitrocellulose membranes sandwiched between Extra Thick Blot Absorbent Filter Paper (Bio-Rad) in about 15 to 30 min.
The serum was transferred with solvent-rinsed glass vials.
This can lead to errors if functional annotation is blindly transferred from these orthologs to the query.
As of December 31, 2001, Legal Services of Northwest Indiana, Inc. joined with Legal Services Organization of Indiana, Inc. (LSOI) by transferring its assets to LSOI.
On Nov. 14, 2001, NLAP transferred title of the King Street building in Charleston to the Charleston County Bar Association, according to county property records.
Beyond the comparative structure analysis of the three ribosomal RNAs and transfer RNA, several other RNAs have been studied with this perspective.
Containers made of plastics, such as polyethylene, polypropylene, polyvinyl chloride, TYGON®, etc., may be used to ship, store, and transfer effluents and receiving waters, but they should not be reused unless absolutely necessary, because they could carry over adsorbed toxicants from one test to another.
Thus, each fragment detected in the Southern blot probably corresponds to a distinct copy of the transferred DNA that has integrated into the genome.
This distinctive pattern led to the proposal that the genes for GSH biosynthesis may have been transferred to eukaryotes from bacteria via the progenitor of mitochondria [ 8, 11, 12].
Many relationships among prokaryotes cannot be depicted by a tree-like pattern reflecting a core of rarely transferred genes.
2 Upon arrival at the test site, the organisms are transferred to receiving water if receiving water is to be used as the test dilution water.
So I was in those situations where I first, come first, transfer last, come first to transfer out.
Um, if I was able to get educational opportunities in school, I would transfer, but I'm happy with school here, with my sorority, with the city, with, I mean I'm happy with the way things are right now, so probably when I graduate.
Tucson was the frontier fortification of the Mexican state of Sonora until the Gadsden Purchase transferred it to the United States.
The drawings and prints to be found in the reunited Engravings Collection were recently transferred from the Altes Museum and Gemäldegalerie and range from 14th-century illuminated manuscripts to modern woodcuts by Erich Heckel and lithographs by Willem de Kooning.
Our mother came in and stabbed me repeatedly and then I was transferred to two torturers…blood, piercings, exhaustion.
and with our Visa that's really high interest we're in the process of transferring from one account to another to get the lower interest on one of the cards
Wednesday's action bars Brown from transferring the money until the appeals court rules.
I feel as if I have been transferred back to the future, or should I say future to the back?
yeah my family uh didn't like Texas and i had a chance to uh transfer up TI bought a company about seven months after i moved to Texas right here in Hunt Valley
Therefore, it is possible that reprogramming of nuclei transferred into M I oocytes is inhibited by cytochalasin B. Thirdly, M I and M II oocytes may differ in cytoplasmic competence.
So they transferred him to a local nonprofit hospital where I sometimes work.
well i uh i don't know i had bought books for years and years and uh the last time i moved when i was transferred to Houston i uh filled up
Aliquots of 20 μl of each lysate were transferred to flat-bottomed, white microtiter plates (Dynex, Chantilly, VA, USA) and read on a Dynex MLX plate reader in flash mode.
The state will transfer $4,000 from the school each kid leaves to the school where he or she enrolls.
and he went and he doesn't like it i mean he wouldn't admit to you that he doesn't like it but it you know he's not doing good and he never is excited about it or anything and he won't tell his parents i was like well why don't you transfer you know
Strikingly, soluble cytoplasmic molecules could not pass freely along the TNTs (with actin tagged with green fluorescent protein being the only exception), whereas membrane-bound proteins were transferred along TNTs and detected in the receiving cells, further supporting the likelihood of membrane continuity between connected cells.
A former Bank of New York executive and two businessmen were charged with illegally transferring almost $7 billion to foreign accounts without proper licenses.
uh oh yeah it's it's deader than a doornail up here we've only lived around my husband was uh transferred up here from uh
First, CD4 +T cells selectively proliferate in response to proteoglycan antigens [ 14 ] . Second, prevention of arthritis can be achieved by in vivo treatment with anti-CD4 monoclonal antibodies [ 15 ] . Third, arthritis can be transferred to naïve BALB/c or severe combined immunodeficient (SCID) mice using T and B cells from arthritic animals [ 16 17 18 ] . Fourth, a proteoglycan-specific T-cell hybridoma (T-helper-1 type) can induce arthritis in BALB/c mice [ 19 ] . Finally, CD4 +T cells from arthritic animals are resistant to activation-induced cell death [ 20 ] . These data suggest a breakdown of peripheral tolerance and accumulation of autoreactive T cells in the periphery.
The fact that boomers and Gen-Xers will get a worse deal from Social Security than their parents--mainly because part of the money they put into the system was, in effect, transferred to their parents--doesn't seem horribly tragic to me.
uh the company i just just transferred jobs about a week ago
After washing twice with 1% Triton/PBS, and then twice with PBS, samples were boiled in sample buffer for 3 min, separated in a 7.5% polyacrylamide gel, and transferred to nitrocellulose.
I doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a `callow youth,' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by Elisha Cook, Jr. in The Maltese Falcon: though he was referred to (by Bogart, as I recall) as a `punk' and `gunsel' and was portrayed as ineffectual, that does not justify a transferred definition: gunsel , probably from Yiddish, is a less common, old-fashioned term for `gunman, body guard, torpedo, hit man,' and the like, simply a `criminal who carries a gun,' and needs no (additional) pejorative treatment.
and we got transferred to Okinawa
In 1791 the seat of government and the governor’s (or captain general’s) residence were transferred from the fort to the newly built, baroque Palacio de los Capitanes Generales (Palace of the Captain Generals) on the square’s western flank.
Due to the high molecular weight of PARP, SDS-PAGE was performed using 7% polyacrylamide gels, and proteins were then transferred to PVDF membrane (Biorad) via wet transfer.
Vice President Gore offered an executive order that would ease export restrictions by 1) raising the export limit from 40 bits to 56 bits for at least the next two years (allowing U.S. companies to meet the current minimum commercial standard); 2) transferring export-license authority from a State Department military office, which almost always refuses applications, to the more friendly Commerce Department; 3) permitting export of encryption of unlimited strength, provided the technology incorporates "key recovery ." This is similar to key escrow, except there is no single key and the government holds nothing.
For the array studies, the neurons (20 × 10 6neurons per flask) were transferred to 75 cm 2flasks.
Instead, they are simply transferred to the Treasury in exchange for IOUs (plus IOUs for interest on past loans).
The council primarily uses various databases accessible through secure Web sites for disseminating and collecting shared information on many aspects of energy generation and transfer.
In any case, in the process of launching U.S. commercial satellites, it is unavoidable that Americans will transfer some technology to the Chinese . To install a satellite, for instance, American engineers work with Chinese engineers to substantially rewire and reprogram the rocket.
The Customs Service retains an amount equal to the estimated cost of collecting these duties, including all costs of operations in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and an allocation of overhead; it transfers the remainder to the Treasury, which, in turn, transfers the collections to Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands.
They transfer power to the intermediary that gets to characterize how politicians have voted.
Deionized water (10 μl) was added to each of the reservoirs of a Telechem Hybridization Chamber, and the slide was transferred to and enclosed within the chamber.
(That is, Social Security taxes would be real savings instead of merely transfers.
However, if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP&E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP&E for the recipient entity, it is recognized as a transfer-out (a negative other financing source) of capitalized assets by the transferring entity.
To make it look more authentic, Sedelmaier corrupted the new animation by transferring the negative to a second one to make the cartoon look 25 years old.
Gels were either stained by Coomassie Brilliant Blue or equilibrated to be transferred into transfer buffer (0.
"The US Administration stated on January 12 that all documents on 'the Iranian case' have been transferred to the competent Russian agencies through diplomatic channels," Segodnya said.
Then the proteins were transferred to a membrane and Western blotting was performed using the monoclonal antibody for PAC-1 and A20, followed by the ECL technique as recommended by the manufacturer (Amersham Biosciences, Piscataway, NJ).
The papers print virtually identical stories about CIA Director George Tenet's revokation of the security clearance of his predecessor, John M. Deutch, for transferring classified material to an unsecure PC at his home.
Early triage and appropriate identification of those high-risk patients who might benefit from transfer to a facility with specialized technology and greater resources may further reduce the mortality currently seen in patients admitted to rural ICUs.
Winnie found himself in England when the regiment was transferred to England in the Great War (or World War I).
B6 eyes at P10, 12, 14, 18, 21, 29 and P36, were immediately fixed in 4% paraformaldehyde in 0.1 M phosphate buffer pH 7.2 for 3 hours, transferred to 0.4% paraformaldehyde in 0.1 M phosphate buffer for 48 hrs, and infiltrated with paraffin.
Bankruptcy is not harmless; the debt is transferred to others (customers, suppliers, taxpayers, the rest of society), and the damage can (and often does) multiply beyond the original "foolishness."
All 911 calls concerning fire emergencies were transferred to FDNY dispatch.
He added that the reason Israel was so calm in advance of the attack was that it had concluded there were no launchers or ballistic missiles to threaten it in western Iraq, and that even if Saddam decided to launch the few "Hussein" missiles and improved Scuds he still had, he would need more than 24 hours to transfer them from their hiding places to an area within range of Israel.
DNA synthesis arrests after 3-4 nucleotides, and then the protein-linked nascent minus-strand DNA is transferred to the copy of direct repeat 1 (DR1) within the 3' terminal duplication.
Any fancy effect you do in the editing--wipes, dissolves, superimpositions--won't have to be transferred to film (which is what costs a fortune).
Although most evidence suggests that RING fingers may not directly participate in the enzymatic transferring of ubiquitin from E2s to the substrates, intact RING structures are essential for this function.
Report cards don't transfer power from politicians to voters.
One explanation for the discrepancy between phylogenetic classification and distribution of the A-ATPase intein is horizontal gene transfer: the intein was not present in the last common ancestor of Thermoplasma and Pyrococcus, rather the intein invaded one of the lineages after their split and was more recently horizontally transferred to the other lineage.
If the Columbia does get off the ground, its crew of five Americans, a Canadian, and a Russian will transfer those supplies to the Russian-American space station, in one of the 160 space walks on 86 flights needed to complete the station--and no doubt worth every penny.
Equal quantities of clarified proteins were resolved by SDS-PAGE under reducing conditions and transferred to a nitrocellulose membrane.
After this time, the property and decision rights must be transferred to an individual or group.
For phage rescue prior to ELISA analysis, 40 μl of master stock is transferred from each master to another set of cluster tubes containing 400 μl of 2x YT-AG (ampicillin and glucose) and helper phage (final concentration of 5 × 10 10/ml).
And how did such a cold and unhuman thing like a telecommunications protocol for transferring files between a mainframe and a microcomputer get dubbed Kermit?
If transferred to the General Fund, the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements; if transferred to another entity, they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer.
The popular philosophy of income redistribution requires us to transfer income from the few high earners of today, while the popular philosophies of conservation and "fiscal responsibility" require us to transfer income to the many high earners of tomorrow.
Gels were transferred to nitrocellulose membranes (Sigma) and blocked with 5% milk powder in PBS at 4°C (overnight).
Readers are there told that Howard represents “transferred use of the surname of an English noble family.”
In contrast, seedlings transferred from 0.03 M glucose to 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose exhibit a significant reduction in accumulation of membrane fatty acids, whereas seedlings sown directly on 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose exhibit only a slight reduction.
But I was disturbed that the transferring hospital was so thorough with tests and so lax with basic care.
0%) of embryos reconstructed by transferring confluent cells and this percentage was significantly (P < 0.05) higher than that (63.
Avoid "premium" diapers that contain emollients or aloe vera, which don't transfer to the baby's skin.
ES-cell derived embryos were generated by aggregating clumps of around twenty ES cells with individual eight cell embryos or four cell embryos that had been made tetraploid by electrofusion as described previously [ 7 9 23 ] . ES cell:embryo aggregates were cultured overnight and those that formed blastocysts were transferred to the uteri of psuedo-pregnant females surrogate mothers.
The NYT does a little better, saying the discussion was Mom's inquiry into why Monica was transferred out of the White House.
Transfected tsA201 cells were transferred to a recording chamber and submerged in extracellular recording buffer containing 25 mM HEPES pH 7.4, 140 mM NaCl, 1.7 mM MgCl 2 , 5 mM KCl, 1.8 mM CaCl 2 . Patch electrodes (2-2.
and uh the place i just transferred jobs not too long ago and so i went through the whole process and the
His lawyers tell the DOJ that when Lee transferred classified files to an unprotected local area network, he was merely making backups in case the originals crashed.
After a semester at Chowan, KSM transferred to North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University in Greensboro, which he attended with Yousef 's brother, another future al Qaeda member.
transfer photos and um those are really neat so we learn different crafts like that um
The big story today is what happens when blue tape meets red tape, with the House Judiciary wrangle over the release of Starr report evidence--including the Clinton video--leading at USA Today , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times . The New York Times puts that story on the top front, but goes instead with Congress' likely decision to transfer control of satellite exports back to the State Dept. from the Commerce Dept., a development with its roots in a now-nearly forgotten Clinton technology-transfer-for-political-donations scandal broken last spring by the Times , a development nobody else's front page covers.
Fractions were electrophoresed on 17% polyacrylamide gels and transferred to nitrocellulose.
i also have a PC at work that i use as a terminal i do some PC stand alone work on it and i can transfer data back and forth between the PC and the main frame
22, German television speculated that the French government transferred $15.
Such ‘guest’ microbes transfer among diverse host species (Sandström et al.
uh it does make uh funds transfer and that kind of thing a lot more
Fifth, you transfer your book from your PC's Rocket Library to your Rocket, which has 4 mb of memory (enough to hold 20 medium-length novels).
2 ml for association/dissociation studies and 0.75 ml in saturation and competition experiments) were then transferred to the pre-coated 96-well filtration plates (Millipore fiberglass FB filters), filtered and washed over a vacuum manifold with six 300 μl per well washes of binding buffer supplemented with 2% hydoxypropyl cyclodextrin (HPCD; Sigma; ST Louis, USA) + 0.1% BSA to decrease non-specific binding.
and then i was transferred to Houston
Since Buchanan's combativeness and loyal base make him hard to write off as a candidate, his rivals have persuaded the media at least to write him off as a Republican by inferring that his low score at Ames will prompt him to transfer to the Reform Party.
now when i was going to i i went to a junior college for a couple of years and played baseball and then transferred well when we were at this junior college uh
However, good-government groups, like Common Cause and the Center for Public Integrity, emphasize that these figures , based on reports filed with the Federal Election Commission, are deceptive . They exclude donations to state parties that are transferred to both federal and nonfederal candidates.
The purified samples are then transferred onto a SpectroCHIP™ (from either a 96 well or 384 well plate) with the SpectroJET™ dispenser.
yeah i mean it it's easy i mean you don't have anything transferring just a little signature so what you know
Upgrading is a pain; decades of accumulated notes, highlights, and cross-reference jottings must be transferred to the sterile new edition.
Heat transfer in tissue is governed by the heat conduction equation
if i wrote out a five hundred dollar check i'd transfer five hundred dollars in
A WP front-pager reports that George W. Bush vowed yesterday that if elected president, he would strip federal funding from failing public schools and give the money to parents for tutors or to help them transfer their kids to other schools, including private ones.
RNA was separated by electrophoresis on 1% agarose-formaldehyde gels, transferred to membrane and blotted with specific radio-labeled probes.
uh right yeah Troy Aikman he got hurt at OU so he transferred to UCLA
Doesn't it just transfer the legally dubious extra-academic evaluations from the admissions committee to the test designers?
When confluent cells were transferred into M I oocytes, the fusion rate (60.
and he only went a few months and then transferred to Pittsburgh he went to aeronautical uh oh just learning to work on engines and that
This craze became known as décalcomanie, from décalc- (from décalquer `transfer a tracing' + - o - + manie `mania,' whence we get decalcomania ( decal for short for the transfers), and the adjective cockamamie some say echoes the sense of florid but superficial embellishment.
For imaging experiments the neurons were transferred to 4-chamber cover glass slides that had been previously coated with poly-L-lysine followed by collagen.
ultimately i had uh i got transferred overseas by TI i'm with TI and i got transferred overseas
There are community colleges, from which you can transfer all the way to the elite campuses of the state university.
For those patients transferred to the tertiary setting, the discharge disposition was also evaluated.
yeah and the guy around the corner is being transferred so he said uh well he did comparable that it's about eighty dollars
Its meaning is presumably transferred from the basic sense ant.
Wide-bore, smooth glass tubes (4 to 8 mm ID) with rubber bulbs or pipettors (such as PROPIPETTE®) should be used for transferring smaller organisms such as larval fish.
so i got an opportunity to transfer back and i took it
It straight-out says "The Democratic National Committee quietly transferred at least $32 million to state Democratic parties in the last election as part of an elaborate plan to spend more money than federal election law appeared to allow on a massive advertising campaign that indirectly helped re-elect President Clinton."
In everyday life, metaphors take many different forms, including similes (a nose as red as a cherry), proverbs (don't count your chickens before they're hatched), transfer phrases (make heavy weather of...) [,] wellerisms (everyone to his taste, as they said when the old woman kissed the cow), metonymy (the knife for surgery, the crown for royalty), synecdoches (sixty head of cattle, a cut-throat), and swearing (bloody bugger!)...
In those circumstances, lavishing the less-skilled children with schooling, time, and attention might be the only way to transfer income in their direction.
The novelist Nicholson Baker, an eloquent critic of what libraries have done in the name of modernization, is certainly right about how foolish many great libraries were to destroy their card catalogs after transferring them to electronic form.
No anachronism here, of course, as cockpit refers, not to a part of an airplane, but to an enclosed place for fighting cocks and, in a transferred sense, to a circular theater.
catch the chain to be transferred to another prison unit.
He also offers the hoary old `bitterness' or `rebelliousness' for Mary , whereas it is now thought that the name derives from the Hebrew root element MRH meaning literally `to be plump,' so in a transferred sense `strong,' `beautiful.
If Social Security were changed to a funded scheme, where the payments would be used for real investment instead of being transferred for current consumption, the national savings rate would rise.
President Clinton proposed big changes to Social Security . He proposed 1) to devote 62 percent of the federal surplus to shore up Social Security; 2) to invest up to a quarter of the transferred funds in stocks; and 3) to spend another 11 percent of the surplus to set up voluntary 401(k)-style "Universal Savings Accounts."
Reversing roles and recasting the behemoth, the spot transfers the old-world authenticity popularly associated with microbrews to Miller.
It is still possible to steal confidential information that is transferred on the net, and so we need at a minimum some law of privacy and trade secrets.
Two reforms were needed if these cultural programs were to survive: (1) they had to transfer more government dough to Podunk; (2) they had to become more prole-friendly.
The article reveals that he recently transferred a huge chunk of stock to his charitable foundation, boosting its endowment to $17 billion.
So, by a process known to psychologists as transference, she transferred her feelings, both positive and negative, to you, the second-most-important Bill in the country.
Those tasks can't be eliminated; but they can, logically, be transferred to the Pentagon.
In a 1985 memo, Neuharth threatened to transfer out of the country any editors who sloppily allowed "America" or "Americans" into the paper when they meant citizens and residents of the United States.
While never having had the inclination to transfer an entire bread basket to her handbag, Prudie has on occasion taken a particularly good tasting piece of bread for later--provided there is a paper napkin for wrapping.
All papers front the update from Jordan: The Jordanian cabinet voted yesterday to transfer power to Crown Prince Abdullah as King Hussein lay unconscious, hours or days from death and sustained only by a respirator.
All papers note that Los Alamos physicist Wen Ho Lee was fired in March after allegedly transferring classified computer files to his own computer.
The apex of the pyramid--a world away from the lowly Badgers--is student body president Bill Clinton, a fun-loving kid who transferred to Washington just a few years ago.
Companies such as Politics Online handle the donation transactions and instantaneously transfer the dough into the campaign bank accounts for 10 percent of the take.
It must be emphasized, of course, that language preceded numeracy, but it is interesting to see how very early in man's acculturation the ability to deal with the abstract notion of counting manifested itself and was then transferred into an encodable form.
Presumably writing before the Taliban announced its new restrictions on bin Laden, commentator Joseph Samaha of Saudi-owned al-Hayat described him in an editorial Thursday as one of the great beneficiaries of the American-sponsored "communications revolution," which enabled him to transfer money undetected around the world and to reach every corner of the "information village."
She will soon find that relationship excessively demanding and transfer her attentions elsewhere--to Bill Cosby or Bill Bradley, perhaps.
Both the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with yesterday's revelation that a special House committee's secret report concludes that over the past two decades American companies have transferred significant amounts of military technology to China, thereby damaging U.S. national security.
President Clinton helped China get into the business of launching U.S. communications satellites by transferring licensing authority over these launches from the State to the Commerce Department in 1996.
The Post and LAT lead with President Clinton's unveiling today of sweeping privacy rules protecting patients' medical records, a story already broken by the NYT (see Wednesday's TP ). USAT leads with the news that Saudi businessmen have transferred tens of millions of dollars to suspected terrorist Osama bin Laden over the past five years.
The phrase could have come from “to talk cold turkey” and was transferred to drug withdrawal because the underlying image of a horripilated naked turkey was memorable.
It is often impossible for translators, for example, to transfer the implications and undercurrents suggested by modified English spellings into another language.
The year-end package celebrates "American innovators," arguing that the United States produces the best new ideas because it charges little for patents, doesn't punish business failure, and superbly transfers technology from the public sector to the private.
Some drop out of school or transfer.
Some of the people, of course, lose more than 20 percent of their money, and in doing so effectively transfer their cash to those who lose less or who--rarity of rarities--actually win.
The one extracurricular venue where I run into a lot of Asian-Americans is a Very Serious music school in Scarsdale, the suburban town in the New York area that (because of its famous school system) has the most name-brand appeal for transferred Japanese executives.
What free agency has done is transfer those payments that would have gone to small-market teams to the players themselves.
The soft money can't be transferred directly into candidates' coffers, and the ads can't explicitly promote or denigrate a candidate, which in practice just means no use of the words "vote for" or "vote against."
Thursday, the Telegraph carried a front-page report by its resident conservative conspiracy theorist, Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, that former White House Director of Special Projects and Special Needs Robyn Dickey had been "transferred abruptly to a job at the Defence Department after she was named as a long-standing lover of President Clinton in Paula Jones's sexual harassment lawsuit."
The Internet has simply transferred this principle to cyberspace.
The NYT , WP , and LAT report that things had unwound so much that the Israel delegation had packed their bags and some of their luggage was transferred to the airport.
Israel will transfer to Palestinians full or partial control of 40 percent of the West Bank in three stages--Sept. 13, Nov. 15, and Jan. 20.
The other papers put the story inside, with all the coverage explaining the judge's reasoning: If Lee were out, he might be able to transfer to a foreign power the seven highly sensitive data tapes he admits making but that are currently missing.
From 1991 to 1995, more than 18,000 firms--including 90 percent of the manufacturing sector--were transferred from state to private ownership.
Many of these words are used figuratively, and others have simply transferred their meanings to modern objects and conditions, especially those having to do with rail and motor transport.
Most other vehicle words transferred their meanings from horse to motor with less fuss.
In fact, as Lingua Franca 's trusty researchers have confirmed, the Bell archives were transferred to the Library of Congress more than twenty years ago, and the National Geographic Society's Bell Room no longer exists.
But the very notion of incest-- the last taboo --unhinges readers, and they transfer blame onto Harrison, in effect accusing her of having engineered her own defilement.
The new laws transfer the attorneys' duties to new county offices, which will be overseen by a new statewide Department of Child Support.
Sunday's column from her gives readers an inside look at how the LAT failed to cover a demonstration of 6,000 Iranians in L.A: When one of the protest's organizers called, he was transferred three times and then apparently none of the three faxes he sent got through.
It takes another hour to search for the Book of the Dead's opposite number, which will theoretically send Imhotep back to the cosmic soup from which he sprang before he can transfer the heroine's soul to the embalmed remains of his lady love.
They are mainly social historians, with many an anecdote to relate about why settlers from Europe transferred existing names.
Many political conservatives argue that the government taxes an estate's assets several times over--first when the money is earned, then when it is invested, and finally when it's transferred to heirs.
Social Security is an unfunded "pay-as-you-go" system--most of the payments into the system are transferred to current retirees for current consumption, not "saved" as government bonds.
But in 1845 a silver threepence had been reintroduced and after the disappearance of the fourpenny joey , the nickname was transferred to the threepenny joey .
Back then, public broadcasting and the national endowments for the Arts and Humanities were (rightly) taken to task as mechanisms for transferring money from working-class families to a handful of elite subversives in Boston, New York, and Los Angeles.
They were then transferred to a 0.5 mL eppendorf tube containing 4% paraformaldehyde in PBS:heptane (1:1) and agitated for 45 minutes.
Standard operating procedure was for calls relating to fire emergencies to be transferred from 911 operators to FDNY dispatch operators in the appropriate borough (in this case, Manhattan).
One useful and automatable phylogenomics approach would be as follows: if a novel sequence has orthologs, annotation can be transferred from them (as in best BLAST analysis); if there are no orthologs, the sequence is classified as just a family member (as in Pfam/InterPro analysis) and flagged as possibly the first representative of a novel subfamily.
Equal amounts of protein lysates from each condition in 1X sample buffer (125 mM Tris-HCl, pH 6.8, 1% β-mercaptoethanol, 2% SDS, 5% glycerol, 0.003% bromphenol blue) were separated on 7.5 or 10% polyacrylamide gels and subsequently transferred to nitrocellulose membranes.
Proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE through a 12% gel, and then proteins were transferred electrophoretically to Immobilon P membrane.
The soluble portion of the homogenate was then transferred to a new tube for an additional centrifugation.
Grandparents can't get shots for their grandchildren, enroll them in school or sign field trip permission slips unless they can prove by legal document that rights that lie naturally in the parents have been transferred to them.
While these anti-PG autoantibodies alone do not transfer arthritis, autoantibodies significantly hasten the onset of disease and cause PG to be released from the cartilage [ 6, 7].
After enrolling at the University of Hamburg, he promptly transferred into the city engineering and planning course at the Technical University of Hamburg-Harburg, where he would remain registered as a student until the fall of 1999.
One week later, the VSMCs had outgrown from the tissue suspension, and were transferred to a new flask.
We can infer the value of visibility changes in the other Class I areas by transferring values of visibility changes at Class I areas in the study regions.
Total cellular protein was separated on 4-20% Tris-glycine gels (Novex, Inc.) and transferred to a polvinylidene difluoride (PVDF) membranes (Immobilon-P transfer membranes; Millipore Corp.) overnight at 0.08 A. Following the transfer, blots were blocked with 5% non-fat dry milk in 50 ml of TNE 50 (100 mM Tris-Cl [pH 8.0], 50 mM NaCl, 1 mM EDTA) plus 0.1% NP-40.
- (A) Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31 of the United States Code or anyother provision of law, within 90 days of receipt, the Administrator shall transfer the proceeds from the auction under this section, on a pro rata basis, to the owners or operators of the affected units at an affected source from whom allowances were withheld under subsection (b).
Samples were separated on 4-20% gradient Novex gels, transferred to Immobilon P membranes, blocked with 5% nonfat dry milk in TBS-Tween, then probed with anti-phospho-p44/42 MAPK antibody according to the manufacturer's recommendations.
Transformants were then pooled and transferred onto plates lacking histidine and leucine in order to select for peptide sequences capable of activating the lexA-operator-driven LEU2 reporter.
The blastocyst formation rate in our study is similar to results from the recent reports in which porcine adult somatic (cumulus) cells (5-10%) [ 29, 51] or fetal fibroblasts (1-16%) [ 11, 29, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57] were transferred into enucleated M II oocytes matured in media supplemented with pFF.
The cells were then harvested on filter papers using a harvester, filter papers were dried and were then transferred to liquid scintillation vials and [ 3H] thymidine uptake were quantified as counts per minute (CPM) using a liquid scintillation counter.
For in vitro protein-protein interaction assays, 5 μg of either GST-CAF1 or GST purified proteins (prepared as described in [ 25 ] ) were subjected to 10% SDS/PAGE and transferred onto a polyvinylidene difluoride membrane (Millipore) by electroblotting.
Equal amounts of protein (21 μg; without boiling) were loaded onto reducing 10% SDS-Tris-glycine polyacrylamide gels and transferred to nitrocellulose (Bio-Rad).
Transfers from acute care to long-term care or home-care are also problematic; often little information is transferred with the patient.
The eggs remained on their original filter paper throughout, which, while still moist, was transferred to a fresh sterile petri dish.
Preliminary experiments indicated that eggs maintained at 0-4°C hatched successfully when transferred to 16°C when approximately 100 days old.
We also transferred purified CD4 +CD25 +T cells from naïve BALB/c mice together with spleen cells from arthritic animals, or alternatively transferred CD4 +CD25 +-depleted spleen cells from arthritic animals into SCID mice, and then monitored disease development in SCID mice.
In this case, subtree-neighbors are a more reliable source to transfer annotation from.
Each Microcon retenate cup was transferred to scintillation vials, mixed with 5 ml BioSafe II liquid scintillation solution (Research Products International) by extensive vortexing, and its radioactivity determined using a β-scintillation counter.
Images were transferred to a PC using Matrox software (Matrox Graphics, Montreal) and analyzed with Matrox and Image Pro Plus (Media Cybernetics) programs.
In the group of enterobacteria, it was possible to classify transferred genes relative to their date of acquisition in the three strains of E. coli . Thus, we identified transferred genes acquired before the separation of the two strains O157:H7 ('ancient transfers') and those acquired in one of the two strains O157:H7 after their separation ('recent transfers').
Resin was then washed 3X by centrifugation with 10 ml TBSE and transferred to a small disposable column.
To qualify for such an extension, the affected unit must either employ a qualifying phase I technology, or transfer its phase I emissions reduction obligation to a unit employing a qualifying phase I technology.
Fifteen (15) μl of the samples were electrophoresed on a 7.5% SDS-polyacrylamide mini-gel for 1 h at 150 V. The proteins were transferred to a PVDF membrane (Amersham Life Sciences, Arlington Heights, IL) using a Mini Trans-blot Cell (Bio Rad Laboratories, Hercules, CA) at 50 mA.
M I oocytes were enucleated at 29 h after IVM and confluent or nocodazole-treated cells were transferred.
While we have not found any missions that would appear to be in fundamental conflict with the department's primary mission of homeland security, as presented in the President's proposal, the Congress will need to consider whether many of the non-homeland security missions of those agencies transferred to DHS will receive adequate funding, attention, visibility, and support when subsumed into a department that will be under tremendous pressure to succeed in its primary mission.
Proteins were transferred to stabilized nitrocellulose membranes and the bands corresponding to phosporylated c-Jun were counted by a phosphorimager (Storm model 860, Molecular Dynamics, Sunnyvale CA).
Fixed cells were counted and, generally, 4 × 10 6cells were transferred to 15 ml polypropylene tubes, centrifuged at 3000 rpm for 5 min and the supernatant removed.
Thirty-six per cent of the patients died, 27% were discharged home, 20% were discharged to a skilled or intermediate nursing care facility, 9% were transferred to a tertiary care facility and 8% were transferred to another hospital.
If transferred to the General Fund, the interest is recognized as exchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements because it is related to the government's cost of borrowing; if transferred to another entity, it is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer.
This is the principal means of assuring that only valid transactions to exchange, transfer, use, or commit resources and other events are initiated or entered
Methodology transfer paper 6. Washington, D.C.: May 15, 1986.
Regardless of the array used, the output can be readily transferred to commercially available data analysis programs for the selection and clustering of significantly modified genes.
The films were later transferred to VHS video format for analysis.
The cells were scraped into 1 ml of methanol and this mixture transferred to a tube containing 100 μl 1 M formic acid, vortex mixed and centrifuged.
Records originally maintained in a paper logbook had been transferred to a personal computer, and information on follow-up actions had recently been expanded.
All the figures can be superimposed, but they have been separated according to gene classes (native genes, transferred genes, and IS).
Subunit A transcripts were amplified from the generated cDNA with the appropriate primer pairs and transferred to solid support.
Fifty IPC clusters were handpicked, transferred to a 24-well plate, and incubated for 2 h at 37 °C in the presence of 2.8 mM glucose, 25 mM glucose, or 25 mM sucrose.
Total RNA (20 μg) was fractionated on 1% agarose gels containing formaldehyde and transferred to DURLON-UV (Stratagene) nylon membranes.
RNA was isolated from adult Drosophila using the RNAqueous kit (Ambion), fractionated on 1.0% agarose gels and transferred to GeneScreen membranes (DuPont/NEN).
Logarithmically growing cells were transferred to low glucose media and incubated at the non-permissive temperature of 34° for 2.5 hours.
Proteins were transferred onto nitrocellulose membranes (Genie blotter, Idea Scientific Company, Minneapolis, MN, USA) for 1 hour, at 24 V and 4°C, using transfer buffer composed of 25 mM Tris-HCl, 192 mM glycine and 10% methanol.
The latter were assumed to be infrequently transferred, but recent analyses reported them to be horizontally transferred among bacterial lineages [ 10 11 ] . The initiation factor IF-2 in Halobacterium sp. was previously shown to have strong similarity to the initiation factor IF-2 from Bacteria [ 49 ] . Most of the genes that group Halobacterium with the mesophilic bacteria encode functions that were postulated to be frequently exchanged [ 50 ] . While no meta-category appears exempt from HGT, some functions appear to be more often transferred than others (cf.
Following electrophoresis, RNA was transferred to a nylon membrane (Hybond-N+, Millipore, Bedford, MA) according to the manufacturer's instructions, and hybridized with digoxigen-dUTP-labeled probe as described previously [ 4 ] . The primers used to generate the probe were: 5'-GGAATTCACCTGCTAATTACCTGA-3'and 5'-CGCGGATCCGTTTACACATAGTTATTGATAGAATCT-3'
The same accounting that is used for post-1991 direct loans is also used for pre-1992 direct loans that were modified and transferred to financing accounts; loans receivable arising from defaulted post-1991 guaranteed loans; and loans receivable arising from defaulted pre-1992 guaranteed loans that were modified and transferred to financing accounts.
When the discount is equal to the savings at the margin, as much work as possible will be transferred to the lower cost provider.
Allowances, once allocated or auctioned to a person by the Administrator, may be received, held, and temporarily or permanently transferred in accordance with this title and the regulations of the Administrator without regard to whether or not a permit is in effect under title V or section 404 with respect to the unit for which such allowance was originally allocated and recorded.
5% SDS-polyacrylamide gels, and transferred to nitrocellulose membrane (Amersham Piscataway, NJ) via semi-dry transfer.
The proteins were transferred to nitrocellulose paper, and incubated at room temperature for 3 hours, or overnight, at 4°C, with mouse monoclonal anti-human Mcl-1 (1:1000), p38 MAP kinase, phosphoinositide 3 kinase (PI3K), or protein kinase B-alpha (PKB-α) (1:500) antibodies (Transduction Laboratories, San Diego, CA, USA and New England Biolabs, Inc., Beverly, MA, USA), or rabbit polyclonal anti-rat p44/42 MAP kinase (1:1000), or doubly phosphorylated anti-human Thr180/Tyr182 phospho-p38 MAP kinase (1:1000) antibodies (New England Biolabs, Inc.).
Fourteen of the 101 patients with any HRC (14%) were actually transferred to a tertiary care center.
As expected, this list includes several tRNA synthetases, which were previously found to be frequently transferred [ 6 7 8 ] , and enzymes involved in DNA repair ( cf . [ 9 ] ). More surprisingly, this list also includes translation initiation factors and several ribosomal proteins.
Placental tissue and trophoblast culture protein extracts were used for the detection of ERβ protein, as previously described [ 15 ] . Protein samples (42 μg) were separated on 10% SDS PAGE and transferred onto nitrocellulose membranes.
At the indicated times, the nytex screens and seeds/seedlings were transferred to fresh Petri plates containing 3 MW Gel Blot Paper on solid media.
For the detection of transfected ROCK1 proteins, samples were immunoprecipitated with 2 μg of anti-Myc antibody, separated in 5% polyacrylamide gels, transferred, and the proteins detected with anti-ROCK1 antibody (1:1,000 dilution).
Instead of printing out intake forms and faxing them to the other providers, who then must manually enter the data into their systems, intake information will be transferred electronically from one system to the other.
One sequence (B42), 72 residues long, was shown to function as an activator when transferred to the lexA DNA binding domain.
Cash may include exchange revenue that is recognized by the transferring entity in determining its net cost of operations but is required to be transferred to the General Fund or another entity; other capitalized assets may include general property, plant, and equipment.
Whole cell lysate (50 μg) was loaded onto a 6% sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis gel, transferred to nitrocellulose, and hybridized with an anti-BRCA1 (Ab-1; Oncogene Research, Cambridge, MA, USA) antibody as previously described [ 10].
All plates were scraped and contents were transferred to 50 ml conical tubes.
Protein isolated from cytoplasm was separated by SDS-PAGE on 10% polyacrylamide gels and transferred to nitrocellulose membranes (NitroBind, MSI, Westborough, MA), then incubated with primary antibody overnight at 4°C.
Proteins were transferred onto Immobilon P membrane (Millipore), blocked in 5 % nonfat dry milk dissolved in tris-buffered saline / 0.1 % Tween and probed with the various antibodies.
RNA samples (control and experimental) were each mixed with random octamers in a total volume of 25 μl DEPC (diethylpyrocarbonate) treated water, heated to 65°C for 5 minutes and then transferred to 42°C.
The collecting entity receives the cash and then transfers it to the General Fund, trust fund, or special fund on whose behalf it was collected.
To maximize the reliability of diagnostic comparisons, we screened test sequences for high quality as for training sequences, and for low similarity to E. coli , chloroplast and mitochondrial genes, and non-coding RNA transcripts (ribosomal and transfer RNAs).
Responsibility for KSM was transferred to this branch, which gave the CIA a "man-to-man" focus but was not an analytical unit.
However, if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP&E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP&E for the recipient entity, it is recognized as a transfer-out (a negative other financing source) of capitalized assets by the
4), transferred energy to Chl b.
The sections were then dehydrated by immersion in 70% ethanol (3 immersions, 6 minutes each) and then transferred to 95% ethanol for 6 minutes.
The serum specimens were transferred to individual glass tubes, sealed with parafilm and stored at -70°C until radioimmunoassay.
03 M) glucose media and then transferred after 3 days to high (0.
As a result, our estimates are based on the best available methods of benefits transfer.
The American S&E labor pool is shrinking, and industry has already responded by transferring much of its research and development overseas; however, companies are mostly moving lab scientists, not strategic analysts.
However, when T cells reactive against tumor antigens are expanded ex vivo and then transferred back into tumor-bearing hosts, results have been mixed in treating both melanoma [ 2 3 4 ] and lymphoma [ 5 6 7 ] . Several explanations for these variable results have been suggested by studies of T cell immunity in mice, involving experimental tumors derived from inoculation of cell lines.
Fractions were resolved by 12% SDS-PAGE, transferred onto PVDF-Plus (Micron Separations, Inc) and probed with EE monoclonal antibody.
In each case, the nature of the prokaryotic sequence supports the hypothesis that the gene evolved first in the prokaryotes rather than being transferred to the prokaryote from a eukaryote.
The plasmid was designed such that the DNA between the right and left borders can be transferred into plant nuclei via
The total protein was extracted from approximately 10 7cells by vortexing with glass beads, then resolved by SDS-PAGE on 12% gel, and transferred to nitrocellulose at 55V in (25 mM Tris, 250 mM glycine, 0.1% SDS, and 20% methanol) for 1 hr at room temperature.
Additionally, a subset of eggs maintained at 0-4°C were transferred to 16°C on day 49 and sampled daily from day 50 to 59.
At the same time, the City Council plan envisages dramatic cuts in the legal departments of many city agencies with a view to transferring the work to the Law Department.
Fibrosarcoma PAI-1 and wtPAI-1 were transferred onto nitrocellulose paper and the proteins were revealed with anti-human PAI-1 monoclonal antibodies, followed by horseradish peroxidase (HRP) conjugated rabbit anti-mouse antibody, and enhanced chemiluminescence (ECL).
Experiment 4 was undertaken to compare in vitro developmental abilities of reconstructed embryos produced by transferring confluent or nocodazole-treated cells into enucleated M I or M II oocytes as described above.
As a result, the new law required the President to prepare an annual budget, and it transferred from the Department of the Treasury to GAO the government's auditing, accounting, and claims functions.
For the same reason, in analysis gathering the four species, we randomly selected 100 genes among the native genes and 100 among the transferred genes.
The receiving entity does not sacrifice anything of value, and the transferring entity does not acquire anything of value.
However, there is only one report in which cloned animals have been produced from embryos reconstructed by transferring differentiated cells into preactivated recipient oocytes [ 8] and the ability of preactivated recipient oocytes to reprogram differentiated cells is now in debate.
The rhabdomyosarcoma cells are cultured and maintained as described [ 37 ] . The cellular proteins were prepared, separated on 4% polyacrylamide gel and transferred onto nitrocellulose membrane.
Potential clones became visible around day 14 and were then transferred to 24-well plates containing 1 ml of CTL medium with 100 units/ml IL-2.
The canonical thymidylate synthase (TS), such as the E. coli ThyA, is a protein with a distinct α/β-fold that transfers a methyl group to dUMP from 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate [ 29].
If this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours, the remainder of the test organisms are transferred to the dilution water.
The only exception is the arsC found on the pKW301 plasmid of A. multivorum , which shows high sequence similarity to the plasmid-borne arsC sequences found in the Enterobacteriales, strongly suggesting relatively recent plasmid transfer between a member of this group and A. multivorum . Indeed, the ars operon found in A. multivorum is expressed and confers arsenate resistance when transferred to E. coli [ 21 ] . Three other types of plasmid-borne arsC genes are found in R. solanacearum , Clostridium acetobutylicum , and Halobacterium halobium , demonstrating that plasmid-borne arsC genes are phylogenetically widespread and suggesting multiple incidences of chromosomal-plasmid transfer.
2 medium for 3 days, the embryos were transferred into 100 μl of G2.
[ 3 ] . Morphology of conceptuses collected following flushing from the uterine horns was recorded and conceptuses of identical morphologies were transferred to cryogenic vials, snap-frozen in liquid nitrogen, and stored at -80°C until extracted for RNA.
The samples were transferred on to nitrocellulose membranes, which were incubated in blocking buffer (TBS, pH 7.5, containing 10% dried milk and 0.1% Tween-20) and then rabbit anti-Bid antiserum (BD PharMingen, San Diego, CA), 1:2000 dilution in the same blocking buffer, at 4°C, overnight.
Al Qaeda frequently moved the money it raised by hawala, an informal and ancient trust-based system for transferring funds.
The top (hexane) layers of each sample were transferred to vials and stored at -20°C prior to being analyzed by gas chromatography.
Seedlings were then transferred to hydroponic growth on 0.5 cm thick Styrofoam sheets (0.
It stated that the DCI would define what analytical resources he would transfer from the CTC to TTIC no later than June 1, 2004.
Using an L shaped wire loop with a 6 mm diameter loop the contents of the surface layer were transferred on to a slide for observation.
Subsequently, it appears to have been transferred from a bacterial source to Archaeoglobus , the nematode lineage, and the common ancestor of all poxviruses.
Fractionated DNAs were transferred to Hybond-XL membrane (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Piscataway, NJ) as described by Sambrook et al.
24 h after transfection, the cells were transferred to 10-cm plates and grown for another 24 h.
After extensive washing the cells were transferred to 80 cm 3Nunclon bottles in 20 ml culture medium (RPMI 1640 with 10% fetal calf serum and antibiotics) and cultured at 37°C, 5% CO 2 for 7 days.
Some of the topics under consideration are finalizing electronic data transfer between all the programs, expanding the LARC website into a legal services community website, developing the capacity to distribute pro se materials over the Internet, and redesigning LARC's telephone system.
The gel was rinsed with diethylpyrocarbonate-treated H 2 O and the RNA was transferred to a Hybond N+ membrane (Amersham Biosciences) by capillary transfer in alkaline solution (0.
It follows that an important role lawyers provide for aging Oklahomans is not only to create rights - transferring documents such as durable powers of attorney and guardianship orders, but also to monitor their use.
With the exception of certain classes of RNAs with strongly conserved sequences and/or structures, such as ribosomal and transfer RNAs, identification of most non-coding RNAs has historically been a relatively serendipitous affair.
Information transfer faces similar barriers in much of Southeast Asia, as Canadian forestry researchers discovered during a five-year project (now winding up) to create a computerized early warning tool for wildfire outbreaks.
This paper is intended to transfer what we believe to be good practice in case studies and to help establish the principles of applying case studies to evaluation.
the extension unit's emission reduction obligation is to be transferred;
Samples of 10 μl were transferred to a 384-well plate and dried completely; the pellet was dissolved before printing in 5 μl of 150 mM phosphate pH 7.0 buffer to yield approximately 300 ng/μl DNA concentration.
About 20 μl of the beads slurry was transferred to a 1.5 ml tube, then washed 4 times with 300 μl bead washing buffer (1 × TE + 100 mM NaCl).
We used benefits transfer methods to extrapolate these results to the population affected by the Clear Skies Act.
The Chief of Department arrived at about 9:00; general FDNY Incident Command was transferred to his location on the West Side Highway.
We speculate that the tumor-infiltrating, CD4 +T cells would induce the activation and tumor-infiltration of CD8 +T cells present in the transferred transgenic splenocytes.
Cortical astrocytes were harvested from neonatal C57BL/6 mice and infected with a replication-defective retrovirus encoding Tag and neomycin resistance as previously described [ 13 ] . The transferred viruses were SV40-6 [ 5 ] , in which wild type Tag is expressed from the M-MuLV LTR promoter; SV(X)T K1, which is constructed the same as SV40-6 except that the Tag is mutant [ 38 ] and defective for binding the retinoblastoma protein family [ 39 ] ; Linker-tkT, in which the cDNA for Tag is expressed from the herpes simplex 1 tk promoter [ 11 ] . The differentiation and transformation phenotypes of the cell lines utilizing the M-MuLV LTR promoter have been described [ 6 13 ] . The Linker-tkT lines (tkT) were either isolated as clones after G418 selection (as previously described) [ 6 ] or frozen immediately after selection (pooled clones) and clonally selected at a later time.
Detection antibodies (all from Dako; 1:5,000 for 1 h at room temperature) were mouse-anti-goat Ig, mouse-anti-rat Ig, rabbit-anti-mouse Ig, and porcine-anti-rabbit Ig-HRP [ 66 ] . To visualize all transferred proteins, we used the ECL protein biotinylation labeling modules (RPN 2202, Amersham) and streptavidin alkaline phosphatase (V020402, Amersham) in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
All agents used in the cell experiment were serial diluted at 1:2 and mixed in a separate plate before transferring into the actual cell plate.
How can we identify other genes likely to have been transferred (directly or indirectly) to E. coliO157:H7 from archaea?
Plants were transferred to growth chambers for ozone (O 3 ) fumigation (clean air control plants were transferred to an adjacent chamber under identical conditions except for the O 3 treatment).
Approximately 300 ng undigested planarian genomic DNA from each strain was resolved on agarose gels and transferred to Hybond-N membranes (Amersham).
These interdomain horizontal transfers mainly concern proteins involved in nucleotide, carbohydrate and amino acid transport and metabolism; however, proteins that are part of the translation machinery or are involved in DNA repair appear to be transferred across domain boundaries as well.
The electrophoresed samples were transferred onto ImmobilonP membranes (Millipore) by electroblotting for 1 hr in buffer containing 25 mM Bicine, 25 mM Bis-Tris, 1 mM EDTA, 10% methanol and 0.0025% Na dodecyl SO 4 . Prestained molecular mass markers (161-0372, BioRad) were supplemented with axonemal dynein from cilia of Tetrahymena (MM 528 kDa) in order to obtain a standard of sufficiently high molecular mass.
In addition to the transfers shown above in the "Community and Regional Development" category, the fair value of land and facilities associated with former military installations that were transferred to local governments approximated $40 million in 199Y and $52 million in 199Z.
Wide-bore, smooth glass tubes (4 to 8 mm inside diameter) with rubber bulbs or pipettors (such as a PROPIPETTE® or other pipettor) should be used for transferring smaller organisms such as daphnids, mysids, and larval fish.
The gel was then equilibrated in transfer buffer for 15 min and transferred to a polyvinylidine difluoride membrane (Novex, San Diego, CA), also equilibrated in transfer buffer for 15 min, for 1 hr at 100 V. The membrane was blocked overnight with 5% non-fat milk in PBS at 4°C, and incubated with a rabbit polyclonal antibody (1:2000) against a peptide (CPRPNREEPVDSRTP) at the C-terminal region of MECP2 (Upstate Biotechnology, Lake Placid, NY) at room temperature for 2 h in a western wash solution (PBS containing 2% non-fat milk, 0.1% Tween 20, and 350 mM NaCl).
The RNA was run on a 1% agarose gel and transferred onto Hybond N +membrane by overnight transfer.
The supernatant was transferred to fresh tubes, 20% of volume of chloroform was added, and the sample was vortexed for 20 seconds, followed by centrifugation at 12000 rpm for 5 minutes at 4°C.
Equivalent amounts of protein were boiled in SDS sample buffer and separated by 10% SDS-PAGE and transferred onto nitrocellulose (Schleicher and Schuell).
If this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours, the remainder of the test organisms are transferred to the dilution water.
We also transferred purified CD4 +CD25 +T cells from naïve BALB/c mice together with spleen cells from arthritic animals, or alternatively transferred CD4 +CD25 +-depleted spleen cells from arthritic animals into SCID mice, and then monitored disease development in SCID mice.
Therefore, they questioned the cost/benefit of requiring that the fair value of stewardship property transferred to state and local governments be determined and reported.
LIQUIDATING ACCOUNT - The budget account that includes all cash flows to and from the government resulting from pre-1992 direct loans or loan guarantees (those originally obligated or committed before Oct. 1, 1991), except those pre-1992 direct loans and loan guarantees that have been directly modified and transferred to a financing account.
When nocodazole-treated cells were transferred into M I oocytes, one spot of condensed chromatin and one polar body (Figure 1C) was observed in 13.
Supernatant (4:1 in denaturing loading buffer, boiled 5 minutes) was loaded, separated on 10% denaturing SDS-polyacrylamide gels, and transferred to Immobilon-P membranes.
Approximately 40 μl of the aqueous phase containing the purified total RNA was transferred to a sterile tube and stored at -80°C.
They were rinsed with water and transferred to staining solution which contained 1 volume of 0.1% Alizarin red S (Sigma), 1 volume of 3% alcian blue (Sigma), 1 volume acetic acid and 17 volumes ethanol.
Bound proteins were washed with PBS, separated on 10 % SDS-polyacrylamide gels, and transferred to nitrocellulose.
The RNA was transferred to an Immobilon membrane over night in 20 × standard saline citrate (SSC) by capillary action.
Aliquots of 20 μl of each lysate were transferred to flat-bottomed, white microtiter plates (Dynex, Chantilly, VA, USA) and read on a Dynex MLX plate reader in flash mode.
After application of PMA at the final concentration of 80 nM, islet suspensions containing 17 islets were transferred to reaction tubes, and the amount of emission was immediately measured using a luminescence reader (BLR-301, Aloka, Japan).
Droppers, and glass tubing with fire polished edges, 4 mm ID -- for transferring test organisms.
Cells formed NSs during stages 1 and 2. After 2 wk, we transferred 40–80 NSs containing a total of approximately 2–4 × 10 5 cells to single wells in plates coated with 0.005% poly-L-ornithine (Sigma) and 3 μg/ml fibronectin (Invitrogen).
[ 16 ] observed this effect within a few hours after cotton ( Gossypium hirsutum L.) plants were transferred from 30 to 18°C.
To investigate whether these constructs can also function in S2 cells and whether their activities can synergize with Wg, we transferred LRP6 and LRP6ΔN into the Drosophila expression vector pPacPL (Figure 4A) and tested them alone and with various combinations of Wg and DFz2 in S2 cells (Figure 4B).
An equal mass of each protein sample was subjected to reducing conditions (99°C for 5 min in 100 mM dithiothreitol (DTT)), separated on a 15% SDS-PAGE, and transferred to nitrocellulose membrane according to standard protocols.
After cDNA amplification, 25 ul of PCR mix was removed and transferred to a microcenterfuge tube.
This massive growth, coupled with the current inefficiencies in transferring facts into other data resources, leads to the unfortunate state that biological databases tend to be incomplete (for example, DNA sequences without known function in genetic databases), and there are inconsistencies between databases and literature.
Upon arrival at the test site, organisms are transferred to receiving water if receiving water is to be used as the test dilution water.
Protein lysates were collected for Western blot analysis as described elsewhere [ 17 35 39 ] . Briefly, following separation by SDS-PAGE, the proteins (20 μg/lane) were transferred (100 V, 1 h) to polyvinylidene difluoride membranes.
Using my COVE software http://www.genetics.wustl.edu/eddy/software#cove, transfer RNA alignments (~75 nucleotides) take about 0.2 cpu second and 3 Mb of memory.
However, if the asset that is transferred was classified as general PP&E for the transferring entity but stewardship PP&E for the recipient entity, it is recognized as a transfer-out (a negative other financing source) of capitalized assets by the transferring entity.
On the upper and lower boundaries of these deviations were transfer hallways contained within the stairwell proper.
Upon arrival at the test site, organisms are transferred to receiving water if receiving water is to be used as the test dilution water.
The bundle of fibers was then transferred to an experimental chamber, with continuous superfusion of the same solution as in the dissection chamber.
Fractionation of the placenta by dissection into maternal and fetal portions was done as described previously [ 6 ] . RNA was extracted using Trizol, and 6-10 micrograms of total RNA was electrophoresed and transferred to nylon membranes.
For example, a household could transfer amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth.
After a 10 min spin at 14,000 rpm in a microcentrifuge, the supernatants were transferred to new tubes.
computer tomography scans or angiography studies), rapid transfer to the operating room, or transfer to the intensive care unit?
If multi-use heritage assets are transferred and some cost was recognized for them on the books of the transferring entity, that cost is recognized as a transfer-out (a negative other financing source) of capitalized assets.
To avoid statistical bias due to the differences in numbers of sequences composing each category, we randomly selected 200 genes among the native genes and 200 among the transferred genes (when their number was greater than this value), for the intraspecific species analysis.
Prior to staining, the slides were transferred in a cold room (4°C) into air protected boxes containing Drierite granules (W.A.
Gene transfer represents a novel method for obtaining high intra-articular levels of therapeutic agents for the treatment of arthritis.
A total of 2,500 sorted cells (30 μl) and 250 target cells (30 μl) were transferred to a microcentrifuge tube (VWR International, West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States), centrifuged 1 min at 200 g, and incubated 4 h at 37 °C.
, stewardship PP&E) may be transferred from one Government entity to another.
DNA was transferred to a Southern blot and hybridized with a radiolabeled 172 bp fragment from the 3' P end of PdL . This probe fragment was generated by PCR amplification with primers located within the 3' P end, IRREV (ATGATGAAATAACATAAGGTGGTCCCG) and P3MCSREV (ATGAGTTAATTCAAACCCCACGGACAT).
Interestingly, whereas seedlings sown directly on 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose produce larger shoot systems than seedlings sown directly on 0.27 M glucose, seedlings transferred to 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose after 3 days on 0.03 M glucose produce smaller shoot systems than seedlings transferred to 0.27 M glucose (Figure 5).
The reduction of tissue water content in response to low temperature is believed to be due to an impedance of water uptake by the roots [ 15 ] . Reduced root hydraulic conductance occurs shortly after plants are transferred from warm to cooler temperatures.
At the time of analysis, 1.5 ml of the transfected cells were transferred to eppendorf tubes, centrifuged and lysed in 320 μl of lysis buffer (60 mM Na2HPO4, 40 mM NaH2PO4, 10 mM KCl, 1 mM MgSO4, and 0.1% Triton X-100 at pH7).
Furthermore, a transferred gene can be easily transmitted to progeny after recombination into genomic or plasmid DNA.
Thus they appear to have been transferred laterally from the actinobacteria into the Methanosarcina lineage followed by a small lineage specific expansion in the latter.
Typically, automated sequence function analysis relies on pairwise sequence similarity and programs such as BLAST [ 6 ] or FASTA [ 7 ] . Annotating a sequence by transferring annotation from its most similar sequence(s) tends to produce overly specific annotation.
Proteins were transferred on to nitrocellulose membrane using an electroblotting apparatus (Bio-Rad, Richmond, CA).
Plates were then centrifuged & 150 μl supernatant was carefully removed and transferred to a plastic vial.
In electrosurgical devices, high bursts of energy are used for short periods of time to achieve cutting and coagulative effects on tissues [ 12 13 14 ] . Electrosurgical devices and radiofrequency ablation probes both operate within the same frequency range and transfer energy in similar ways, but differ in the shape of stimulation waveforms.
In late May and early June of 2000, he closed his bank account, transferred the car registration to Hazmi, and arranged his return to Yemen.
The reconstituted extracts were transferred into autosampler vials and 50 μl of each sample were injected on to the LC column (equivalent to 75 μl of plasma sample).
For fire emergencies being transferred to the FDNY dispatch, see FDNY interview 28, Dispatch (Jan.
Cells were centrifuged twice, transferred to minimum essential medium (Fisher Scientific, Pittsburgh, PA), plated and incubated at 37°C for 4 hours before cDNA injection.
Collected vitreous was immediately transferred to dry ice and stored at -80°C until processed.
The sections were then dehydrated by immersion in 70% ethanol (3 immersions, 6 minutes each) and then transferred to 95% ethanol for 6 minutes.
Aliquots (20 μl) of the cell lysates were transferred into wells of 96-well microplates and β-galactosidase was quantitated using the Galacto-Light Plus System chemiluminescence reporter assay in a Microlight ML 2250 luminometer (Dynatech Laboratories, Inc.
During synthesis of the minus-strand DNA the pregenomic RNA is degraded by the ribonuclease H (RNAseH) activity of P. However, the RNAseH activity does not digest the extreme 5' end of the template RNA, and this ∼ 18 nucleotide capped RNA fragment is then transferred to direct repeat 2 (DR2), where it acts as a primer for synthesis of plus-strand DNA [ 11, 12].
The detached cells were transferred to a centrifuge tube and spun at 2500 rpm for 5 minutes.
For monetary instruments, the revenue is recognized at the time of obtaining forfeiture judgment; for property that is sold, at the time of sale; and for property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency, at the time of obtaining approval to use the property internally or transfer it.
Kinase reactions were carried out in 30 μl Kinase Buffer at room temperature for 0.5-1 hr, and the supernatant was transferred to new tubes at the end of assays.
ALLOCATIONS - The amount of obligational authority transferred from one agency, bureau, or account that is set aside in a transfer appropriation account to carry out the purpose of the parent appropriation or fund.
No hospitalized patient was transferred to a nursing home or required other forms of placement that might influence the length of hospital stay.
Of the 20 patients transferred to the tertiary setting, 12 (60%) survived.
Slice were transferred one at a time to the recording chamber (FST, air-liquid interface chamber), and suspended on nylon net at the interface.
Each of our mutations was transferred from pET into the ftsZ gene of pBS58.
Previous studies using lethal dose radiation and bone marrow transplant prior to CD4 +T cell transfer in another Rip-Tag line of mice indicated that such treatment could produce a modest increase in the number of tumor-infiltrating T cells [ 22 ] . The current study extends the thesis by focusing on the use of sub-lethal radiation to enhance the anti-tumor immunity of adoptively transferred tumor-antigen-specific lymphocytes in Rip1-Tag2 mice.
Proteolytic fragments separated by SDS-PAGE were transferred to ProBlott PVDF membranes (Applied Biosystems, Inc.) as described by LeGendre et al [ 38 ] . Coomassie-stained protein bands were then subjected to sequence analysis using either a Model 491 or Model 470A gas phase sequencer equipped with a Model 120A on-line phenylthiohydantoin analyzer (Applied Biosystems, Inc).
Mortality rates within each group are shown in Table 3. Of the 87 HRC patients not transferred, 13 (15%) were designated DNR either before or at the time they met criteria for the HRC, which made tertiary transfer less appropriate.
The cells were transferred to microfuge tubes, pelleted (5 seconds at 14,000 rpm, Eppendorf 5415C, 4°C) and resuspended in hypotonic Buffer A (10 mM K-HEPES pH 7.9, 1.5 mM MgCl 2 , and 10 mM KCl, with inhibitors added as for the media above) for 15 minutes on ice.
10 μl of the brush border membrane preparation was diluted in 90 μl of Laemmli buffer, boiled for 5 min and separated on a denaturing polyacrylamide gel (5 % stacking gel/10 % resolving gel) at 120 V over 2 hours [ 18 ] . The separated proteins were transferred onto nitrocellulose membrane using a Trans-blot instrument (Biorad, Hercules, CA) in glycine-methanol buffer following the manufacturer's suggestions.
For chronic O 3 treatment, plants were transferred to the experimental chambers 3 weeks after germination, allowed to acclimate 1-2 days, and then maintained in clean air (controls) or treated with 0.15 μl/liter O 3 for 6 h per day for up to 9 days.
Secreted proteins were recovered from the bacterial growth medium by centrifuging the spent medium a second time, transferring the supernatant to a clean tube, and precipitating with 10% (vol/vol) TCA on ice overnight.
If the asset was classified as stewardship PP&E in its entirety by both the transferring entity and the recipient entity, the transfer does not affect the net cost of operations or net position of either entity and therefore in such a case it is not a revenue, a gain or loss, or other financing source.
Genes from each class, that is, native genes, potentially transferred genes (LTG), IS and phages, of the four groups of bacterial genomes ( Escherichia , Salmonella , Helicobacter , and Streptococcus ) were then retained for codon-usage analysis when their lengths were greater than 150 base-pairs (bp) to avoid artifacts linked to stochastic variations that might happen in shorter genes.
Because binding of cell-surface receptors to polyethylenimine filters is rather insensitive to ionic strength, the ionic phenomenon is thought to be supplemented by hydrophobic forces and hydrogen binding [ 32 ] . The method used with Y-79 cells and radiolabeled PEDF has been described before in detail [ 18 ] . Briefly, cells cultured overnight in serum-deprived medium at 37°C were transferred to ice/water bath for 10 minutes before the addition of ligand.
For example, Lawrence and Ochman [ 4 ] hypothesized that the recently transferred genes were adapted to the genomic context of other distant species; however, our results would suggest either that the donor genomes are always more A+T rich than the acceptor genomes or that there is a bias toward the internalization of A+T-rich exogenous DNA in the genome.
After the induction of p53 was maximal, the cells were transferred to suspension culture conditions and analyzed for their expression of PTEN.
If the revenue is transferred to the General Fund, it is recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements.
Following IL-1 exposure, the samples were transferred to sterile flat-bottomed 10mm nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) tubes (Wilbur Scientific, Boston, MA, USA) that were custom cut to a length of 5cm, where they were cultured in basal media for the duration of the recovery experiment.
Finally, we tested whether putatively diapausing embryos could resume development and hatch earlier than the reported 100 days [ 8 ] by transferring embryos from 0-4°C to 16°C at day 49 and tracking their development.
Agar plates containing seedlings were then transferred to a cold room at 6°C.
Electrophoresis was performed in SDS-polyacrylamide gels [ 35 ] using the indicated amount of total cell protein [ 36 ] . After electrophoresis, the proteins were transferred to nitrocellulose paper in buffer containing 25 mM Tris-HCl, 192 mM glycine, 20% v/v methanol, and 0.01% SDS, pH 8.5 [ 37 ] . Residual protein binding sites on the nitrocellulose were blocked by incubation for 30 minutes in TBST (25 mM Tris-HCl, pH 8.0, 150 mM NaCl, 0.5% Tween-20) containing 4% non-fat dry milk.
Static-renewal tests - The test organisms are exposed to a fresh solution of the same concentration of sample every 24 h or other prescribed interval, either by transferring the test organisms from one test chamber to another, or by replacing all or a portion of solution in the test chambers.
We speculate that some may have occurred because of problems related to crowding; for example, emergency rooms or ICUs might have been full, resulting in delayed transfer, or the clinical importance of changes in vital signs might not have been recognized.
No alteration in IL-10 and TGF-β production could be detected in two transfer groups (Fig.
A Trans-Blot SD Semi-Dry Transfer Cell (Bio-Rad), which transfers in a horizontal apparatus with a platinum-coated titanium plate as anode and a stainless steel plate as cathode, was used to transfer the protein from the mini-gels to nitrocellulose membranes sandwiched between Extra Thick Blot Absorbent Filter Paper (Bio-Rad) in about 15 to 30 min.
A few genes undetected as LTGs by our method, are, however, localized in the cloud of points of the transferred genes.
In Experiment 3, the behavior of nuclei of confluent or nocodazole-treated cells transferred into enucleated M I or M II oocytes was examined after activation.
Following electrophoretic separation, the proteins were transferred to nitrocellulose membranes.
Before transferring seedlings to 2°C, the wick exterior to each cylinder was removed.
When the promoter of McMipB is transferred into either tobacco (to drive β-glucuronidase (GUS) expression) or Arabidopsis (to drive green fluorescent protein (GFP) expression), this expression pattern is largely conserved ([ 56], and S. Luan, H.J.B.
By using a 125 μm Stripper™ Tip (MidAtlantic Diagnostics, Marlton, NJ) under direct microscopic visualization, individual cells were transferred to 96 well plates.
One milliliter of the culture was transferred to a micro-tube and mixed with 2,4-dinitrophenol (to the final concentration of 0.01%), which blocks energy metabolism.
Genes that were transferred from bacteria to nematodes would pass through our phylogenetic filter if the transfer event occurred subsequent to the divergence of the C. elegans and Meloidogyne lineages (Figure 1).
Confluent MGBE have well-differentiated morphology and high transepithelial electrical resistance (163 Ω/cm 2) [ 17 ] . Prior to each experiment, Transwell inserts with confluent MGBE were transferred to new plates without feeder cells.
Sources would be allowed to transfer these authorized emission limits among themselves to achieve the required reductions for all three pollutants at the lowest overall cost.
The RNA was size-fractionated by electrophoresis and transferred to a nylon membrane (HyBond, Amersham).
The sprayed plants were transferred to the growth chamber in which the pathogen is regularly maintained.
The DNA was transferred to a membrane (Zeta-probe GT genomic tested blotting membrane, Bio-Rad, CA) with 0.4 M sodium hydroxide after treatment with 0.25 N hydrochloric acid as suggested by the manufacturer.
The Board agreed that the fair value of stewardship property transferred to state and local governments need not be determined and reported.
Sixty nine percent (n= 62) of the transferred eggs hatched, and all within 4 days of transfer (mean = 1.29 days, S.D. = 0.67).
Periodically, the data from the production database were transferred into a second MySQL database that uses a schema modified from that of the GO database.
Fractionated DNA in gels was depurinated, denatured, and neutralized according to standard protocols [ 76 ] . DNA was transferred to positively charged nylon membranes (Hybond N +) (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, Inc., Piscataway, NJ) by the wick transfer method using 20X SSC overnight.
If transferred to the General Fund, the penalties are recognized as nonexchange revenue in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements; if transferred to another entity, they are recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that receives the transfer.
These products were then mixed with an equal volume of 2X MSP printing buffer from Telechem and two aliquots were transferred via the Bio-robot to separate printing plates.
In family situations, for example, lawyers must ensure that powers of attorney and guardianships are used to serve only the person transferring or losing rights.
transferring entity.
Horizontal transfer might be even more prominent in the evolution of fused genes within the bacterial and archaeal kingdoms.
The embryos were then transferred to absolute methanol and stored at -20°C until dissection.
However, aeration during collection, transfer, and preparation of samples should be minimized to reduce the loss of volatile chemicals.
In the present study, reconstructed embryos produced by transferring confluent cells into M I oocytes were cultured in the maturation medium supplemented with cytochalasin B to prevent loss of chromosomes by polar body formation.
The resolved proteins were transferred electrophoretically to nitrocellulose membranes (Hybond-ECL, Amersham Corp.).
Although other types of forfeited property must be sold in order to recognize revenue, or constructively sold (if transferred to another Federal agency or placed into internal use), this is the last step in a process that is inherently nonexchange.
In addition to transferring TNFα to TNFR1 as proposed by the ligand passing model [ 36 ] , TNFR2 may have a role in modulating proliferative responses in both positive and negative manner.
If this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours, the remainder of the test organisms may be transferred to the dilution water.
The equivalent of 1.5 μg total lysate protein was loaded onto each lane of 10% SDS-PAGE gels, separated by electrophoresis, and transferred to nitrocellulose membranes using a Semi-Dry Trans-Blot apparatus (Bio-Rad).
Furthermore, the nature of this reallocation is such that the transferring entity does not receive anything of value and the recipient entity does not sacrifice anything of value.
When a 911 call concerned a fire, it was transferred to FDNY dispatch.
The crystal structure of the E. coli MoeB-MoaD complex clearly shows the interaction between these two proteins and unambiguously confirms the adenylation role of MoeB [ 7 ] . After a thiocarboxylate moiety is formed on the terminal glycine of each MoaD subunit, the two sulfur atoms are transferred to precursor Z as sulfhydryl groups in a dithiolene configuration.
Thirty-six per cent of the patients died, 27% were discharged home, 20% were discharged to a skilled or intermediate nursing care facility, 9% were transferred to a tertiary care facility and 8% were transferred to another hospital.
