In the wake of this tremendous natural upheaval, the Aegean Islands next came under the influence of the Mycenaeans (at around 1300 b.c. ), who had a base in the Peloponnese region of the Greek mainland.
They held sway over islands off the northern Greek coast, but the Phoenicians kept control of the main sea routes; south of the area, trade continued as usual.
At the same time, city-states began to grow in influence on the southern Greek mainland.
Athens became the most powerful, heralding the start of the classical Greek period.
The new culture spread throughout the Mediterranean, helped by a huge increase in migration from the mainland to new settlements such as Carthage, a Greek city on the African coast of the Mediterranean.
Several islands and Greek city-states agreed to work together, and created a treasury to fund their plans, which was held on the island of Delos.
It wasn’t until a.d. 330, however, when the newly converted Emperor Constantine made Byzantium, renamed Constantinople, capital of his Eastern Empire that Christianity was assured of its dominant role in future Greek life.
However, a movement was growing on the Greek peninsula against Ottoman rule and for an independent Greek state.
However, a movement was growing on the Greek peninsula against Ottoman rule and for an independent Greek state.
Although this attempt was unsuccessful, the campaign for a Greek state continued into the 19th century and began to grow in strength.
The Ottoman Empire was weakening, however, and in 1821, the peoples of the Greek mainland achieved nationhood for the first time.
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean, thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations.
Greece was handed a strip of land along the western coast of Asia Minor, which for over 2,000 years had had a substantial Greek population.
He promised a modern state for his people, but as the situation became volatile, civil strife broke out in Turkish cities, and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence.
His forces made a series of attacks from their bases in the Dodecanese islands, including sinking a Greek naval vessel in the harbor of Tinos Town, but they only succeeded in strengthening the resolve of the population against them.
After the war, in 1949, the Dodecanese islands finally became part of the Greek nation.
Many Greek islanders chose to leave rather than live in poverty and terror, and many made new homes in the United States and Australia.
Politically, the 1990s have been relatively quite times for the islands, although the divorce of Greek prime minister Andreas Papandreou and his subsequent marriage to a much younger woman caused consternation within conservative Greek society.
Politically, the 1990s have been relatively quite times for the islands, although the divorce of Greek prime minister Andreas Papandreou and his subsequent marriage to a much younger woman caused consternation within conservative Greek society.
As the Balkans flared to war once again, Greek nationalism has stirred, and there have been discussions in the kafeneion about the land of Macedonia returning to the fold of its forefathers.
Here comes Miles, authoritatively quoting Diodorus, the Greek historian, who recorded (60-30BC) that “innocent women even swelled the ranks of pitiful slaves whose forced labour built the pyramids:
As Luke was a Greek, Campbell suggested that Mary was a carryover from the paganism of the ancient Greek pantheon.
Another significant break-through was that of Michael Ventris (1922-1956), who deciphered the Linear B script found on Crete and identified it as an early form of Greek.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
The rationale behind referring to them as “lost” arises from the author's observation of an unfortunate state of affairs: because of an increasingly widespread lack of familiarity with the basic, structural elements of our culture—Greek and Roman mythology, the Bible, literature, and ordinary historical fact—people today are unable to discern the origins of terms like aphrodisiac, Achilles [sic] heel or tendon, meet one's Waterloo, sow dragon's teeth , and hand-writing on the wall , to name a few.
Other thing that he did with animals was in Greece in his culture a goat is really an important meat; kind of a delicacy, and he even ended up selling goats from this suburb area and the Greek people would come out, pick out their goat, which was really sad for my brother and I because we as children, you know, goats were our friends and pets stuff, and they would come out and pick out their goat and then they would proceed to kill it on property and it was really horrible for us as children it was traumatizing.
With the rediscovery of Greek and Roman Classicism, Gothic became distinctly unfashionable.
My closeness to the University is strengthened by a family legacy which goes back over 100 years to my great-great-grandfather, Professor William F. Swahlen, who taught Greek at Indiana Asbury from 1887-1914, and carried on with my great-grandfather, Joseph P. Allen '97; my mother, Harriet Taylor Allen '28; my father, Joseph P. "Perk" Allen '30, professor emeritus of economics; my brother, Dr. David T. Allen '61; my wife, Bonnie Darling Allen '61; and continues today with my nephew, Tim Allen '92.
And they'd say, "What Greek letter is that?"
Garry Wills makes much of the Greek influence in shaping Lincoln’s style at Gettysburg.
It is one of the best parts of the city to eat out in the evening with a range of good international eateries in addition to traditional Greek tavernas.
Also carved on the top are the Greek letters of all three fraternities.
and he'd say, "It's not Greek it's Southern."
It is a very old argot influenced by many languages, including French, English, Italian, Greek, and Hebrew, and was spoken by the gypsies of Spain.
As a result of the Persian Wars, the Greek cities of Anatolia were encouraged to join the Delian Confederacy, paying tribute to Athens in return for protection against the Persians.
um we don't i don't even think we have a Greek restaurant in Arlington we uh i used to go to a Greek restaurant over in Dallas couple of them i thought they were great
From the time of the ancient Greek physician Galen (131–201 C.E.)
"The term comes from Greek words that describe the way an ox-drawn plough turns in a field."
The economy of Homo habilis and Homo erectus, the stunning flaked flint tools of the Magdalinian culture of the magnificent Cro-Magnon in southern France , years ago when the large beasts had retreated southward from the glaciation, the invention and spread of writing in Mesopotamia, the Greek agora, and today’s global economy are all in the deepest sense merely the carrying on of the more diversified forms of trade that had their origins with the first autonomous agents and their communities over four billion years ago.
For something a little stronger try ouzo — the aniseed flavor aperitif — or Greek brandy, which is slightly sweeter than French Cognac.
i've got a few i don't know i don't know i don't even know if they're real but they seem to be very old Greek or Roman coins that somebody gave me as i when i was a kid
When the Greek towns attempted a revolt in 499 b.c., Athens sent an expedition to aid their uprising.
uh well for example uh in Greek there are seven different words for love
These two palazzos house the Capitoline Museums (see page 66), whose Greek and Roman collections provide an excellent introduction to the ancient Roman Forum that spreads below it.
and so most of the people collect Roman with a few collecting Greek so every now and then we have a program so i've picked up a bit
From their detailed study and translation of the Greek philosophers, they developed principles of objective scientific research, independent of all the political, religious, and emotional bias characterizing medieval scholarship.
from very different you know so so they had you could have one class in the philosophy of something that that the philosophy of Greek mythology or something that actually approached this or um
Rooms display an eclectic series of artifacts with dioramas of the great Battle of Salamis in 480 b.c., letters from the naval heroes of Greek independence, and numerous items salvaged from the seas around the Attica coastline.
like a big Greek tossed salad kind of like a Caesar salad and um let's see what else um maybe some rolls and um i guess some um some rice or something like that
As is well known, this Greek text renders the word with the technical word for virgin, parthenos, not with what one would expect, neanis--young maid, the Greek word which is deliberately put in place here in the ancient Greek versions of Aquila, Symmachus and Theodotion.
Sixty-one scenes from the Greek prayer Lord, Thou Art Great by renowned icon painter Ioánnis Kornáros (1770) are among the highlights, along with jewel-encrusted vestments and reliquaries of precious metals.
um let's see i usually have like a little theme when i have a dinner party so um i would have maybe um say if it was like Greek night or something um maybe um on the barbecue we'd put um
For instance, members of Greek organizations have a higher average GPA than regular students.
To the east of the gate is the Olympieion, site of the largest temple ever built on Greek soil.
cubes of lamb or i guess lamb used for Greek and um like a shish kebab and um mushrooms and tomatoes and onions and then we'd have um
Picnic, rock, striptease , and video have entered Greek with their meanings intact, rock considerably narrowed, confined as it is to rock music.
Each dive center is registered by the Greek government, and qualified to offer training for novice divers and supervision for qualified divers.
right um i don't know a lot about um Greek and Roman although i'm a member of an organization and that is the the primary interest of some ancient uh Numismatic Society Club
Mr. Quelch would describe the chubby Bunter as have an extensive circumference , and more verbal riches were supplied by Hurree Jamset Ram Singh, the young Nabob of Bhanipur, who acts like a cheerful Greek chorus.
Even if you only want to sample the delights of Greek tavernas and perhaps stroll around Plaka, the real atmosphere starts after 9pm when Greek families come out to eat.
To the Greek and Roman Agoras
The Dodecanese islands take their name from the Greek phrase dodeka nisi, meaning twelve islands, although the group incorporates far more than one dozen in its number.
The settlement of Ano Hersónissos, just inland from the resort, holds a weekly Greek evening in the village square.
For many, the image of Greek music and dance is inexorably linked to the film “Zorba the Greek.”
This does a great disservice to the Greek musical tradition, which is rich and varied and goes back hundreds of years.
The Greek language also unifies the congregation with the clergy and Greeks around the world, though its use gives the capital a decidedly exotic air as visitors struggle to make sense of these “foreign” letters.
Plateía 1821 forms the core of this quarter, which has more authentic Greek life than any other part of old Chaniá.
Off El Hurriya Street you’ll find the Neo-Classical façade of the Greco-Roman Museum with a fine collection of both Roman, Greek, and Ptolemaic artifacts found around the city and under the waters of the harbor, along with many ancient Egyptian pieces.
At Greek evenings, hotels usually allow kids to get up on the dance floor and try the steps themselves.
Ancient olive groves play host to donkeys and herds of goats, and low-growing vines cover the ground under tall Cypress trees — the archetypal Greek landscape.
The Persians were followed by Alexander the Great, after whom came two Greek generals Seleucus and Ptolemy, who brought Hellenistic control to the Eastern Mediterranean for some two centuries.
Unfortunately, the hil ltop is also shared by the Greek military, and it bristles with satellite and digital technology, prohibiting photography of the beautiful panorama.
There are over 20 nightclubs to choose from, some of them offering Greek, Oriental, or Jamaican themes.
A multi-ethnic mix of Hispanic, Irish, West Indian, and Greek, the community is also home to Boston’s largest gay community.
Princess Alice, who lived much of her later life in religious seclusion, was posthumously honored by the State of Israel for saving the lives of a Jewish family by hiding them at the Greek royal palace during World War II.
This does a great disservice to the Greek musical tradition, which is rich, varied and goes back for hundreds of years.
At the summit, within three layers of protective wall, are the remains of a Temple of Aphrodite, an early Christian Basilica, Byzantine cisterns, a Frankish Tower, and Ottoman mosques and fountains — this is Greek history in a nutshell!
Greek society is very family-oriented and children will be very welcome at tavernas and cafés.
They adopted Egyptian gods as their own and did much to prolong Egyptian culture rather than simply converting it to Greek.
From 1506 to 1626, it changed from the simple ground plan of a Greek cross, with four arms of equal length, as favored by Bramante and his arch-enemy Michelangelo, to the final form of Maderno’s Latin cross extended by a long nave, as demanded by the popes of the Counter-Reformation.
The nearest Cyclades island to the Greek mainland, Andros is a short ferry ride from the port of Rafina, and is therefore very popular with Athenians for weekends and summer vacations.
Meanwhile, King Philip II of Macedon dreamed of driving out the Persians from northern Greece and unifying the entire Greek world.
Wander around its exterior walls to see sections from Greek and Roman columns, or fragments of ornate pediments.
Needlepoint, crochet, and embroidery — once activities undertaken by every Greek woman — are now dying arts, so any hand-crafted pieces will become collectors’ items of the future.
Edibles: Wonderful foods from the Greek countryside include honey, olives and olive oil, and nuts such as almonds and hazelnuts.
Now some 10 km (6 miles) from the sea, the ancient capital of the Western Roman Empire was once a flourishing port on the Adriatic facing the Greek world.
For those whose taste or budget isn’t for precious metals and stones, there is a whole range of jewelry featuring semi-precious stones and street jewelry such as rings, earrings, toe rings, and though not strictly jewelry, worry beads — carried by most Greek men to calm the nerves — are very decorative.
Because these rhythms differ from the four beats to a bar notation we are accustomed to in the West, Greek music sometimes can be difficult to follow.
The roof has gone, but with its entablature and 14 fluted columns still standing, it is, with Athens’ Theseion, the best preserved of all Greek temples.
Songs have traditionally been sung by men — relating the hard life of the farmer or fisherman and including an element of sentimentality rarely expressed in other areas of a Greek male’s life.
You will discover a medieval world updated by the varied exotica of smoky Greek barbecues, Tunisian pastry shops, and art-house cinemas.
The collection brings the ancient Greek world to life shedding light on almost every aspect of the daily activities of the citizens.
Through this difficult period, only the Orthodox Church could provide the Greek people with any sense of identity and continuity.
As you make your way to the city you’ll pass through two small districts which offer a range of cafés, bars, and tavernas, along with images of Greek daily life not found in more modern parts of Athens.
Away from the port, a maze of narrow streets disguise the remains of a kastro, or castle, dating from the 13th century, which recycled marble from Greek and Roman temples on the island.
Under Heraclius (610–641), Greek was extended to Italy as its official language.
Greek hospitality is warm and genuine — even small examples such as always being welcomed with a smile and shown to your seats at a taverna.
Unfortunately, the Greek resistance movement formed during the war was so politically divided that the guerrillas expended almost as much energy fighting each other as against the Germans.
It was inaugurated by the Prince of Wales in 1927, when stations were still built like Greek temples (Corinthian pillars, heroic statues, and ceramic-tiled ceilings); it is one last proud fanfare for the transcontinental railways that founded the country’s industrial prosperity.
Twenty islands have since been added, making the Cyclades the largest of the Greek island groups.
In its Greek form, Judea, it was applied to just Jerusalem and its immediate surroundings.
Resentment surfaced when former Etruscan or Greek cities such as Capua, Syracuse, and Taranto supported Hannibal’s invasion in 218 b.c.
The Corinth Canal cuts the narrow isthmus that links the Peloponnese with the Greek mainland and splits the Saronic Gulf from the Gulf of Corinth (this links to the Adriatic further west).
Greek independence had been preserved again, and with it the foundations on which Western civilization has been built.
For many, the image of Greek music and dance is inexorably linked to the film “Zorba the Greek.”
Unspoiled by tourism, there is a very Greek atmosphere in the maze of narrow streets and some excellent tavernas among its traditional shops.
Benáki was born in a Greek community in Egypt, and many of the artifacts on display originate from this other ancient land, though there is a good range of Classical and Roman statuary, and collections from the Early Christian and Byzantine eras including two paintings by El Greco.
Taking this road allows you to explore some of the most rugged and interesting landscape in Crete, and leads you back to the time of Greek mythology, when the gods ruled the earth.
Athens hoped to be chosen but the title of new capital went to the former Greek colonial town of Byzantium (Constantinople), now Istanbul.
The island is a delight, because it has few foreign visitors and retains its strong Greek character.
From the entrance at Adrianou (there are two other entrances to the site) look immediately to your right to see remains of the Altar of the Twelve Gods; a small monument from where distances from Athens to all other points in the Greek world were measured.
The church in the square, the Blagovestenska Eastern Orthodox, is known as the Greek Church (Greek refugees also ﬂed here), even though it, too, is Serbian.
Finally, in 1898, the European powers forced the Turks to grant Crete autonomy within the Ottoman Empire and accept Prince George, second son of the Greek king, as governor.
Undergoing an ambitious program of renovation, the richly endowed Royal Ontario Museum, popularly known as the ROM (100 Queen’s Park), has won international recognition for its collections of Chinese, Egyptian, Greek, and Roman antiquities, as well as the art of North American Indians and Inuit.
Poros lies less than 152 m (500 ft) from the Greek mainland, off the northeastern coast of the Argolid Peninsula and 55 minutes from Piraeus by hydrofoil.
An exchange between Greece and Turkey of expatriate populations resulted in the movement of thousands of people, and the wholesale desertion of Greek villages and districts.
Since Greek democracy was restored in 1975, after the military dictatorship, it is as though the population relish their country all the more.
All are in easy reach of Naples’ museums, the archaeological remains of Pompeii and Herculaneum, the Vesuvius volcano, and farther down the coast, the Greek temples of Paestum.
The Temple of Olympian Zeus is dedicated to Zeus, “king” of the Greek gods.
In the 20th century, Hollywood added its own slant to the legends, and every school child learns about the gods of the ancient Greek world — of Zeus, Athena, and Apollo.
But the golden glow of the temples’ Doric columns and the idyllic setting amid acadia and almond trees on a precipice overlooking the Mediterranean are enough to encourage you to worship a whole pantheon of Greek gods.
Performances of classical Greek theater are found on some islands.
Much of the island was left in ruins from heavy bombing, but Crete escaped the internal strife of the civil war that raged in mainland Greece (1947–1949) and felt fewer effects of the oppressive ‘rule of the colonels’ (1967–1974) than other Greek communities.
Zorba the Greek?
(In Spanish the word for “apple” and “street block” are the same  — manzana — allowing for a play on words alluding to the apple in Greek mythology, which was awarded to the most beautiful among three goddesses — a contest that led inevitablyto trouble.)
Near the village of Marathi you will find the ancient marble quarries that sent stone to all parts of the Greek and Roman empires.
You’ll also be able to admire the Stone Age pottery and bone bracelets, as well as Carthaginian and Greek carvings and Moorish relics.
In the northern Aegean are three more disparate islands — Thasos, Limnos, and Samothraki — while southwest of these, closer to Athens, are the Sporades islands of Skiathos, Skopelos, Alonissos, and Skyros — until recently the exclusive playground of the Greek jet set.
Today there is little left of the site and it is difficult to imagine hospitals, spas, and faith-healing practices catering to travelers from across the Greek world.
Traffic in the city is still in gridlock, stadium construction is behind schedule, and the Greek economy has yet to meet the requirements for monetary union, but government rhetoric is upbeat as both deadlines approach.
In ancient Greek mythology Athens is named following a contest between Athena, goddess of wisdom, and Poseidon, god of the sea.
It’s no surprise that the harbor has some of the best seafood restaurants in the Aegean, including several traditional Greek ouzeries.
On 27 October 1827, the Greek revolution was won, but the last Turks weren’t evicted from the Acropolis until 1833.
Continue along Adrianou to find the remains of the Ancient Greek Agora — birthplace of western democracy and the social heart of the ancient city-state of Athens (agora comes from the Greek agiero, meaning to assemble).
Indeed, the name Balearic may come from the Greek ballein, “to throw. ”
Today, with their hot summer days, warm waters, abundant beaches, and distinct lifestyle, the Greek islands of the Aegean are among the major tourist playgrounds in the world.
On the park benches, you may hear gossip not only in French and English, but Italian, Greek, Yiddish, and Russian.
Alexander the Great occupied Egypt and appointed Cleomenes of Naucratis, a Greek resident in Egypt and his Macedonian general, as governor.
Dora Stratou Folk Dance Theater presents performances of traditional Greek song, dance, and music at a traditional “folk-village”-type auditorium on Philopappos Hill from May to September — daily except Mondays.
Although the warm, clear waters of the Aegean constitute a near-perfect diving environment, until recently the Greek government was rightly concerned about the possible damage divers might do to submerged ancient sites, and diving was prohibited.
Much of the permanent collection comprises 19th- and 20th-century Greek art and post-Byzantine icons, though you can also find works by El Greco, Picasso, and Delacroix.
The dual influence of Greek and Latin culture persisted.
It’s almost impossible to believe that you are on a Greek island.
Within an hour of being at Syntagma Square outside the National Parliament building (the symbolic heart of the city), you could easily be sitting at the quayside of some small Greek island having a cooling drink, or enjoying the pine forest of the countryside of Attica — the region that surrounds the capital.
Titian has a superbly sensual Venus of Urbino (1538), less Greek goddess than the prince’s mistress she probably was, and an equally disturbing Flora (1515; more works by Raphael and Titian can be found in the Palazzo Pitti).
Greek gods are popular themes, followed by eminent human figures of Roman times.
The commentary is chanted by a chorus of six to eight narrators (reminiscent of the chorus in Greek tragedy) who sit at the side of the stage, while musicians positioned at the back of the stage provide stark accompaniment with flute and drums.
He advanced the far-sighted scheme of a federation of Greek states, which Athens resisted.
If you’re planning several visits, you might like to concentrate on just one section at a time — the Italian, the French, the Spanish, the Flemish and Dutch, for example, but not forgetting the important sections devoted to ancient Egyptian, Greek, and Roman antiquities.
Finds cover 7,000 years of Greek history, and have been brought from sites all across Greece.
The history of Athens reflects the ingenuity and vigor of the Greek spirit that will, no doubt, meet whatever challenges the modern world has in store for it.
The temples were the last stop on a long pilgrimage for ancient Greek believers.
Lying closest to Athens and the Attic peninsula, the Cyclades is the island chain most people would think of as typically Greek.
In 431 b.c. the Peloponnesian War broke out between them resulting in 27 years of debilitating conflict, involving most of the Greek world.
Chandragupta extended his rule to the northwest with a rigorous campaign against the Greek forces of Seleucus Nikator.
Other European immigrants are German, Dutch, Greek, Ukrainian, Italian, Scandinavian, and a few French.
Look around the Greek islands today and there is little cause to think that much has changed.
The Roman basilica’s long colonnaded nave leading to an apse gave way to the Greek cross with a central space surrounded by arches and topped by a dome.
In high season, you will share your Greek odyssey with visitors from almost every country in Europe, and increasingly from around the world.
Traditional designs abound, including marine themes, Minoan designs, and Classical Greek imagery.
After about 650 b.c., Greek traders entered the competition to exploit Spain’s rich mineral deposits and fertile land.
Hand-produced Greek flotaki rugs were traditionally used in farmhouses across the Greek world and are made from sheep wool.
Ancient Greek designs are very much in evidence in gold, silver, and non-precious metals.
A more Greek form of art is that of the icon.
Housed in a 16th-century monastery, the Archaeological Museum (Piazza Olivella) displays superb statues and sculpted metope (friezes) from Sicily’s various archaeological sites, highlighted by those from the Greek temples of Selinunte (600–500 b.c. ), on Sicily’s south coast.
Unfortunately the hilltop is also shared with the Greek military and it bristles with satellite and digital technology, prohibiting photography of the beautiful panorama.
Greek cities were embellished with Roman buildings.
It now houses the ceramics branch of the Museum of Greek Folk Art.
Icons lie at the heart of Byzantine or Orthodox worship in both the Greek and Russian churches, and they form a focus for prayer — the characteristic gold leaf used in their production symbolized the glory of God.
According to Greek myth, it was the birthplace of Apollo, God of Light.
The Greek government is concerned that archaeological treasures do not disappear and for this reason diving is only allowed with a qualified dive company that will oversee underwater locations and activities.
Visitors can also see a selection of Greek and Roman antiquities housed here until the year 2001, when they are scheduled move back into the newly renovated Getty Villa at Malibu.
The citadel at Mycenae, seat of this most powerful of early Greek cultures, was erected to the south of Athens.
Nearby on Odós Diogenous is the Museum of Greek Folk Music with a fascinating collection of instruments and musical recordings bringing the varied regional folk music of Greece to life.
It is the oldest Greek monument in Istanbul, commemorating the Greek victory over the Persians at Plataea in 479 b.c. (it was brought here from Delphi by Constantine the Great).
Italy has no more magnificent testimony of its Greek colonies than this complex of wonderfully preserved Doric temples, a 40-minute drive south from Salerno, dating back to the fifth and sixth centuries b.c.
Originally a 16th-century cavalry barracks, the Archaeological Museum (Museo Archeologico Nazionale) is in no way a dry bundle of old bones and stones, but sheer pleasure for anyone even remotely interested in southern Italy’s Greek, Etruscan, and Roman past.
However, on most islands, nudity is not official policy and Greek family beaches will certainly not be clothing-optional.
Athens’ good fortune was that the Romans held Greek culture in such high esteem.
It is arguably the best in Sicily, an invaluable one-stop crash course in understanding the Greek and other ancient cultures of the city and island.
With the aid of brilliant tactics and newer ships, the Greek fleet trounced the Persians, turning the tide in favor of Athens.
Mycenaean figurines and pottery, Classical Greek and Roman sculpture, and Byzantine icons, frescoes and tapestries are all well-displayed and illustrate very effectively the varied influences that make up the history of the city.
Do you want sun-kissed beaches, nonstop nightlife, ancient sites to explore, or traditional Greek family life around you?
Station XIII (Jesus is taken down from the cross): Between the Franciscan and Greek altars is a small shrine containing a wooden figure of Mary in a glass case.
The main port, Kamares, lies 5 km (3 miles) from the capital Apollonia, and its sister town Artemon (both named for the brother and sister god and goddess of ancient Greek mythology).
The events that have shaped modern Greek history have been as interesting and chaotic as any in the Classical age.
A 5-km (3-mile) hike to the interior brings you to the remains of the Temple of Poseidon where the famous Greek orator Demosthenes committed suicide in 322 b.c. rather than surrendering to Alexander the Great’s forces.
Thousands of Turks were evacuated, and thousands of Greek refugees from Asia Minor arrived to take their place.
Traditional shapes of urns, jugs, and cups are decorated with scenes taken from the lives of the ancients or of the Greek gods in their domain on Mount Olympus.
The most famous of these is the Doryphorus (Spear-carrier) of Polycletus, second in fame among Greek sculptors only to Phidias.
Iráklion comes as a surprise to travelers used to Greek islands further north in the Aegean Sea.
There is a lively young scene based around the university, and a sophistication to match other major Greek cities such as Athens or Thessalonica.
For many, the image of Greek music and dance is inexorably linked to the film Zorba the Greek.
In 1648 a group of English Puritans from Bermuda, led by William Sayle, sailed to Bahamian waters and established the first permanent European settlement on the island they named Eleutheria (now Eleuthera) after the Greek word for freedom.
Nik — suffered from a sudden rush of ugly building in the 1970s and has a young and noisy crowd, it has made a concerted effort to keep its character and offers a more Greek atmosphere than the Mália/Hersónissos strip.
J. P. Getty had a coherent idea of the kind of art he wanted to collect — Greek, Roman, Renaissance, Baroque, and French Rococo.
The town is as popular with European vacationers today as it was with Greek and Roman colonizers in ancient times.
The fine, Neo-Classical building houses on the ground floor an astonishing collection of Greek and Roman antiquities, including a vibrant mosaic from the villa of the Roman Emperor Hadrian.
Eating always takes second place to conversation at a Greek meal.
Indeed, the church, and the Orthodox religion, was identified with all that was Greek long before the modern state was created in 1832.
The central fountain depicts Cybele, a controversial Greek fertility goddess, serenely settled in a chariot pulled by two lions.
Among the many interesting exhibits drawn mainly from prehistoric, Iberian, Greek, and Roman sites in Catalonia are reconstructions of tombs and life-like dioramas.
He expanded the empire as far down as Mysore and stunned the western world by asking King Antiochus for Greek wine, figs, and a sophist.
Although Crete is an interesting and varied island you may want to take a day or two exploring a different Greek island.
It has a program of new and established works in addition to choral, opera, and other musical performances by Greek and international musicians and dance groups.
This was truly the center of the world during the Classical Greek era.
Traditional Greek clothing is little in evidence, but most of the islands have narrow lanes festooned with cool cotton or cheesecloth pants, tops, and dresses, all of which are ideal for the summer climate.
The main building and its four surrounding guest houses, with their terraces and gardens, is a fantasy concoction derived from Greek, Roman, Gothic, Baroque, and Spanish styles, with both fake and original artwork thrown together.
There are some good restaurants here serving fine Greek and international cuisine.
It is signed, in Greek letters, “Domenikos Theotokopoulos,” the artist’s real name.
The museum is currently closed for renovations and will reopen in the year 2001 with only Greek and Roman antiquities.
At the Kurashiki Bijutsukan municipal art museum, the outside world is very much the focus of the Ninagawa family’s collection of ancient Greek, Egyptian, Roman, and Persian ceramics, sculp ture, and mosaics, plus 19th-century French and Italian marble and bronze sculptures.
Legend claims that the city of Byzantium was founded around 660 b.c. by a Greek named Byzas, after the Delphic Oracle had bidden him to build his city “opposite the Land of the Blind. ”
The museum exhibits sarcophagi, Etruscan and imported Greek vases, and some of the best wall-paintings — all in reconstructed tombs.
In 195 b.c. it became head of a group of independent Greek cities of the Achaean League.
On this spot on the orders of Venizélos, the Greek flag was raised in defiance of talks taking place among the major European powers about the fate of Crete.
The Ottoman Turks pushed Venetian and other forces from Asia Minor, through the islands of the Aegean, until they had left the Greek mainland.
This was also the site of Minoan, Greek, and Roman Chaniá called Kydonía.
The neighborhood lines have blurred in recent years, but the Main stays appropriately neutral, a veritable United Nations of Portuguese, Italian, Greek, Spanish, Polish, Jewish, Arab, and Japanese specialty shops, grocery stores, delicatessens, and cafés.
Major figures from Greek history, including Pericles, were buried here and their funerary artifacts are some of the most exquisite items found during excavations around the city.
The capital of Paros, Parikia, serves the port, and although it is extremely busy throughout the peak season, it still retains the feel of a Greek town.
The larger hotels will usually hold a ‘Greek’ evening on one night each week.
Popular traditional themes are Cycladic figures (especially on the Cyclades islands) or pottery with scenes taken from ancient Greek frescoes or mosaics.
Even the most meager allowance will fund a shopping spree in the narrow streets of the Greek island towns.
Within the courtyard, you’ll spot a traditional Greek statue that was placed here during the rule of the Ranas.
Notice the fine Corinthian capitals on the slender Greek marble columns.
Finding the most suitable Greek island for your style of vacation is important, as each group of islands, as well as each individual island, is unique.
Today the area is still replete with Greek and Roman remains, though these are interspersed with later buildings — a fascinating mixture of Neo-Classical mansions and terraced cottages dating back to Ottoman times.
Aristotle, one of the world’s greatest philosophers, held forth at his own school of the Lyceum; Menander wrote comic plays; Praxiteles sculpted scores of superb statues, including that of Hermes, one of the greatest Greek sculptures, now in the museum at Olympia.
The monumental baths, separate Latin and Greek libraries, Greek theater, temples, and pavilions together make up the home of a man who drew no distinction between the pleasures of mind and body.
As Europe awakened from the Dark Ages, Toledo provided a key link in transmitting vital knowledge of Arabic science and Greek philosophy to the Western world.
Although many people simply use Piraeus as a departure point for the myriad Greek islands of the Aegean, the city has its own attractions, being settled since ancient times.
The name Acropolis derives from the Greek words acro meaning “highest point” and polis, meaning town.
Although it is now performed in the modern rather than the classical Greek language, it is still not easy to understand, so try to find an English copy of the plot before the performance begins.
If you have never scuba-dived before, each dive center is registered by the Greek government to offer training in addition to dive supervision for qualified divers.
The truly mind-boggling variety of that collection begins to register as you pass the 104-ft- (32-m-) long Roman mosaic swimming pool, complete with Greek colonnade and a copy of Donatello’s Florentine statue of David.
The islands’ barren landscapes and stark white, cubical houses with their blue-shuttered windows bedecked with geraniums represent the Greek islands to many.
Greek mosaicists were brought in to decorate the arches and domes.
In Cave No. 10, note the Greek influence in the headdress of the guardian figure carved at the entrance.
Children are welcomed all over the Greek islands, and they will be fussed over and indulged in cafés and restaurants.
In architecture, the Romans made a quantum leap forward from the Greek structures of columns and beams by developing the arch, vault, and dome, well suited to the needs of the empire.
Romans infused Greek refinement with their own energy to create a unique mixture of elegance and realism, delicacy and strength, which have remained the essence of Italian life and art.
However, Athenian involvement provoked the Persian king Darius to invade the Greek mainland.
Greek: The winged Victory of Samothrace and beautifully proportioned Vénus de Milo.
Head up the hill above the town to explore the remains of the ancient Greek town of Sybrita.
Of course the Greek taverna hasn’t become extinct.
Undergoing long-term renovation, the building on the left is the Museum of Fine Arts (Szépmuvészeti Múzeum), holding the city’s most highly regarded collection, which ranges from Egyptian mummies and Greek and Roman relics (the latter collection is undergoing long-term restoration), through Renaissance works, to a collection of about 2,500 Old Masters, of which some 800 are on show at any one time.
In Europe in the 1960s, the Greek islands became renowned for their laid-back attitude toward visitors.
The largest of the three, the Great Pyramid of Cheops is the only survivor of the “Seven Wonders of the World” described by Greek and Roman scholars.
In ancient times this was the spiritual center of the Greek world and people would travel by land or sea to consult the gods.
Around 1200 b.c., Dorian invaders from the Balkans drove south through the Greek mainland, the Aegean islands, and across to Crete.
Connections among the island chains are poor, with the exception of the ports of Piraeus and Rafina on the Greek mainland, which serve as transportation hubs for those who wish to travel from one chain of islands to another.
The mood achieved by the Basílica, shaped like a Greek cross, is one of devout magnificence.
For many, the image of Greek music and dance is inexorably linked to the film Zorba the Greek.
Amazingly, the island retains its Greek character.
The museum holds a wealth of artifacts from the early Christian and Byzantine eras, concentrating on the religious themes that were so important in unifying the Greek world at this time.
Exploring the coastline or interior of the Greek islands offers a different experience with each season of year.
Greek cotton is manufactured into a range of good value cool cotton clothing that is perfect for touring and exploring.
The family forms the backbone of Greek society and filial ties are strong.
After about 650 b.c., Greek traders arrived on the coast to compete for Spain’s rich mineral deposits and fertile land.
We have abundant evidence of the ancient Etruscan, Greek, and Roman communities in Italy, but know very little of the country’s earlier, prehistoric settlers.
Walking from the fishing harbor north toward the commercial port will take you past the small Folklore Museum, with exhibits of traditional Greek household items.
For most other museums this would be treasure enough, yet in Iráklion there are also impressive Greek and Roman artifacts to enjoy.
Greek: the winged Victory of Samothrace and the beautifully proportioned Venus de Milo.
Dolphins and fish are popular themes, as are stylized images of Greek gods.
What looks from a distance like a huge Greek temple with many Ionic columns turns out to be only a single façade with 12 columns.
The boutiques are some of the most exclusive in the Mediterranean, intermingled with the Bohemian craft galleries, exclusive restaurants, tavernas, chic cafés, and Greek ouzeries.
Driving through the Wadi Jodz valley and up the slopes of the Mount of Olives takes you past the Augusta Victoria Hospital; after you turn at the crest of the hill, the Greek church of Viri Galilei (“Men of Galilee”) is on the right.
With its wafting incense and masses said in Greek or Arabic (the church belongs to the Melchite sect of the Greek Orthodox Church), St-Julien is not out of place in an area packed with Middle Eastern restaurants.
Their influence was short-lived, although the olive and the grape, both Greek legacies, soon became important, well-tended crops.
Adorned with sculptures of Greek mythology, this and the great Bassin de Neptune and Bassin du Dragon in the northeast corner served as centerpieces for royal garden parties.
Built in the 1840s following Greek independence from the remains of over 70 churches, it is now surrounded by a network of supporting scaffolding erected following damage sustained in the 1999 earthquake.
Its remains reflect its dual roles in ancient Greek life, a holy place and a center of trade.
Sicily’s most attractive resort town, already very popular in antiquity as a vacation spot for the Greek bourgeoisie from Syracuse, commands a splendid ridgetop view of the Mediterranean from its hillside villas and hotels.
Many islands will also have one venue for Greek night, an evening of culinary and cultural delights.
Even if you only want to sample the delights of Greek tavernas and perhaps stroll around Plaka, the real atmosphere starts after 9pm when Greek families come out to eat.
Their work was carried around the Greek empire and is now displayed in museums worldwide, but they were not highly regarded by citizens in ancient times.
However, for anyone who has a few days to spare for a first glimpse, we suggest some highlights representative of its many facets: the capital Palermo, the ancient Greek settlements, and the pretty coastal resort of Taormina.
She was a stalwart of Greek nationalism.
Following Greek independence, a zealous restoration project saw the removal of all medieval and Ottoman structures on the plateau, and harkened the beginning of archaeological study of the ancient remains.
Greek theater is thriving at new auditoria such as the Megaron complex, or at the open-air theaters on Lycabettus Hill.
Most of the performances are in Greek.
The “mysteries” are those depicted in a vast fresco of a young woman’s initiation into the cult of Dionysius of Greek origin.
The site has been settled since Minoan times, with the remains of a Dorian, Greek, and Roman town underlying the present buildings.
The influence of Greece was short-lived, although the olive and the grape, Greek legacies, are cultivated in the region.
However, traditional Greek dances and musical performances, as well as clubs with DJs spinning dance music can be found.
The monumental baths, separate Latin and Greek libraries, Greek theater, temples, and pavilions together make up the home of a man who drew no distinction between the pleasures of mind and body.
76–138), who had a love of Classical Greek architecture.
Beyond the hotel the road leads on to the Idaean Cave (Idéon Antron) where it is said that Zeus — the god of all Greek gods — spent his childhood, protected from his father Kronos by fierce warriors, the kouretes.
It’s no surprise to discover that it is the most popular form of Greek music heard on the radio today.
As Greek colonial power grew weak from Athens-Sparta rivalry back home and pressure from Phoenicians in Sicily, the vacuum was filled by an uppity confederation of Latin and Sabine tribes living on seven hills known collectively as Rome.
While Greek night may strike some visitors as contrived, it is nonetheless an opportunity to see a local art form.
With Lydia defeated, the Greek coastal cities lay open to the Persians, who swiftly incorporated them into their empire.
It is the oldest Greek monument in Istanbul, commemorating the Greek victory over the Persians at Plataea in 479 b.c. (it was brought here from Delphi by Constantine the Great).
Rooms 40 and 41 display artifacts from Egypt covering every era of history in the land of the Pharaohs, including the Ptolemaic period when Ptolemy (a general under Alexander the Great, and therefore of Greek descent) took control of Egypt.
With the booty from the ruthless dismantling of ancient monuments to make way for the Renaissance city in the 16th century, the Pio-Clementino Museum has assembled a wonderful collection of Roman and Greek art.
As a result of complex European diplomatic talks, a second adolescent came to the Greek throne in 1863, the 18-year-old William of the Danish royal house Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glückburg.
The Persian Empire’s far-flung lands included a number of Greek settlements on the coast of what is now Turkey.
Athens Municipal Market just south of Omonia Square offers wonderful fresh food for you to enjoy as you stroll, as well as numerous Greek foodstuffs to take home.
Greek islanders have always worked the leather from their arable herds to make handbags, purses, belts, and footwear in a variety of styles and patterns, although it cannot match the quality of the Italian-produced leather products sold in boutiques in Santorini and Mykonos.
At Kidathinéon 17 you’ll find the Museum of Greek Folk Art, which offers an interesting collection of embroidery, lace, and numerous liturgical garments.
Solid gold workmanship and other metal ornaments and tools showed a Greek influence, but the Etruscans’ vaulted architecture, town planning, and irrigation systems were indigenous.
This was the center of population from Byzantine times through to Greek independence, and thus can be called Athens Old Town.
North of Temple Valley, next to the 13th-century Norman church of San Nicola, the small but important Archaeological Museum has a fine marble statue of Ephebus (fifth century b.c. ), a gigantic telamon, a 25-ft sculpted male figure used to hold up a temple roof’s entablature, and some superb Greek wine vessels.
The word comes from Greek natron ash or soda.
The use of genuine foreign languages is called xenoglossia . Familiar examples are the ancient languages, Latin, Coptic, Hebrew, and Greek, used in modern liturgies.
The New Testament community used a Greek translation of the Bible, not the original Hebrew.
Homer's Greek spelling cannot be precisely rendered in Roman characters because not all the letters in the Greek alphabet have exact analogs.
As Luke was a Greek, Campbell suggested that Mary was a carryover from the paganism of the ancient Greek pantheon.
Even the remnants we have from early languages that had a writing system are relatively sparse: Classical Latin and Greek, Hebrew, and a few other languages are better documented than others; but for most all we have to go on are a handful of tablets here, a few inscriptions there, barely enough in many cases to allow us to identify the language, let alone draw any conclusions regarding its structure or meaning.
Linguists examining Classical Greek, Latin, German, English, Slavic, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Dutch, Lithuanian, Iranian, Hindi, and the other languages of India and Europe found that there were correspondences among many of the common words.
In most cases, they dealt with words and functional elements, creating what are called reconstructions in hypothetical family prototypes called, variously, Proto-Latin, Proto-Greek, Proto-Germanic, Proto-Indo-Iranian, and so forth, the ultimate goal being to posit a single language called Proto-Indo-European.
Ecstasy means (from Greek) outside the self.
or any desires in any kind of cooking you know Indian Greek you name it you know there's there's something for everybody and
In 1637, René Descartes linked the featureless plane of Greek geometry to the symbols and formulas of Arabic algebra by imposing a coordinate system (conventionally, a horizontal x-axis and a vertical y-axis) on the geometric plane and using numbers to measure distances between points.
And the Strait of Juan de Fuca is named for a Greek navigator who likely never existed at all.
He married the delicate daughter of a Greek tycoon and they had four sons and--the deglet noor of his eye--a daughter, Oedipa.
and i remember feeling annoyed that they had this whole thing about the master and the passing of wisdom the from older to younger generation it was it was a classic Greek you know it's European mess going back three thousand years that they're playing with
The philosopher Simone Weil characterized this assault of illness upon the self with the classical Greek notion of the soul— Malheur (affliction) stamps the soul to its very depths with scorn and disgust [14].
He's meant to embody everything shallow and psychotic about stardom (the conception is out of tabloid tales of Johnny Depp), but the actor has never looked as beautiful, with the chiseled insolence of a young Elvis Presley and the bearing of a Greek god.
Abra read Heraclitus in Greek and Lucretius in Latin by age five, and besides her father's German and English, she also was versed in pre-Mohammedan Arabic.
did it wrote wrote the uh the or translation that so much was lost in the translation uh particularly since most of the translations most of the translations were from Greek
Zeiosis, which comes from the Greek word Zειω meaning "to boil over" [ 21 ] , is characterized by violent cytokinesis with continuous bleb extension and retraction.
At one point in our conversations the subject drifted, and I found myself asking Lewis--thinking he was bound to know--about the kind of ancient Greek writing that was written from left to right on one line, then from right to left on the next, then from left to right again, and so on.
t is no accident that the words for economics and ecology have the same Greek root, “house.”
In the shadow of the cathedral is the tiny Mikrí Mitrópolis (Little Cathedral), officially named Panayía Gorgoepíkos and sometimes known as Ayios Elefthérios or “freedom church,” the name given after King Otto left the Greek throne.
uh Greek gods and and Greek um mythology
This dietary pyramid was suggested by a Harvard-led group with substantial input from Greek scientists [ 13 ] . Thus, we measured the consumption of these food items as an average per week, during the past year.
According to Trud , he then took a flight to Athens, but Greek authorities have since denied his presence there.
The term “parasite” derives from a classical Greek word that was used to refer to “a guest who comes to dinner and doesn't leave” or “a class of priests who had meals at public expense” (Clitodemus, in 
The efficiency of the term is undeniable--"Y" for "year," the number "2," and "K" for "thousand" (from the Greek "kilo")--and it eventually caught on.
We cannot help but be fascinated by the fact that Shakespeare—a merchant's son with “small Latin and less Greek”—could emerge from the “nowhere” of rural Stratford to create the richest literary treasure in the English language.
According to the population distribution provided by the National Statistical Services (census 2000), we stratified our sampling into all the Greek regions, in order to include various socio-economical levels and cultural particularities of the investigated population.
In ancient Hittite religious texts Accadian words provide the mysterious, exotic sounds; in Latin it is Persian words; in Greek, Hebrew and Aramaic; in Hebrew prayers Greek was used.
The deep-seated roots of this early fascination can be seen in Greek mythology.
You've probably seen the bumper stickers of the fish symbol inscribed with Greek letters IX(TH)YS (iota chi theta upsilon sigma).
Hand-produced Greek flotaki rugs were traditionally used in farmhouses across the Greek world and are made from sheep wool.
um your Greek and Roman coins might you know if if they're um
Of course it can't be read by those familiar with only Greek and Roman letters; nor can all the beautiful Chinese and Japanese characters in this exhibition, similarly reduced to abstract motifs by our inability to recognize what they say.
that would be the Greek ones
Predating Kircher's mystical alphabets (p. 164) by 1400 years are so-called ring letters and characters of Greek, Coptic, Syriac, Hebrew, Ethiopian, Aramaic, and Arabic amulets.
Six elegant columns support a pediment with decorative friezes depicting the gods on Mount Olympus and heroic battle scenes of Greek warriors fighting barbarians.
uh Greek gods and and Greek um mythology
The story is also top-front at the Washington Post . Yesterday was marked, report the dailies, by dangerous Kurdish protests at Greek, Kenyan and Israeli embassies around the world.
Head out of the piazza just north of the Ospedale in the direction of Via della Colonna and the Museo Archeologico, whose important collection of ancient Egyptian, Greek and Etruscan art make it an interesting alternative to Renaissance overload.
um we don't i don't even think we have a Greek restaurant in Arlington we uh i used to go to a Greek restaurant over in Dallas couple of them i thought they were great
A.D. can be found in a Greek manuscript written almost 1500 years later.
Convinced of the importance of consulting Hindu legal authorities in the original [ Encyc. Brit . 1963, 13, 140a], Jones, well versed in Sanskrit, became aware of the correspondences among Sanskrit, Greek, Latin, Slavic, and Germanic forms, which led him to the conclusion that Sanskrit was another, older form of a parent language from which all had sprung.
This part serves both as a self-contained course in English etymology and as an explanation of the more technical Latin and Greek data presented in A CROSS REFERENCE DICTIONARY and in the Technical Information and Detailed Example sections of the COMMON ROOTS.
The LAT lead reports Clinton acknowledged "the U.S. government's support for the widely despised military junta that ruled Greece more than 25 years ago" during a speech to Greek business and community leaders.
It is attested in Babylonian, Egyptian, Greek, and Latin religious and magical texts preserved on clay tablets, papyrus, parchment, gems, and strips of metal thousands of years old.
Oxymoron derives from the Greek oxymoros meaning pointedly foolish, which itself derives from oxy- , a combining form meaning sharp (from the Greek oxus meaning sharp) and moron (from the Greek moros meaning dull).
6. Fed up with constant giggling at the phrase "Greek style"
Another inference might be that the same tolerance displayed by Greeks in their dealings with resident foreigners—at any rate, American and European ones—has been extended to English words which are, as noted, largely exempted from the strictures of Greek grammar and allowed to retain their alien habit.
Byron, who led the Greek armed forces in their fight for independence against the Ottoman Turks in 1824, is considered a national hero in Greece.
The year before the outbreak of the American Revolution, Priestley succeeded in removing from air, so he thought, the substance called phlogiston which was thought to be what put fires out, and dubbed his dephlogisticated air oxygen because he supposed it to be an essential ingredient of acids (Greek oxy -, sharp—as in oxymoron —plus - gen , related to the verb gignomai , I become, happen, am born) .
Recordwoman , if it was not a nonce word and is still in use, may be an example of this: though obviously feminine, it was uninflected, whereas lady , a Greek resident of much longer standing, has acquired all the inflections of a feminine noun.
A Greek magical spell for conjuring up a deity (7th-8th c.A.D.)
Perhaps the answer is polycronym , still capturing the initial-letter sense of acronym , but using the combining form poly- signifying many (from the Greek polus meaning much).
Specialists will no doubt be arguing over Saenger's thesis for years to come--don't let your subscription to Greek, Roman, and Byzantine Studies lapse.
For about 3,000 years, since the Greek gods first appeared in mythology, they've been dropping their tunics, because that's what gods do . In fact, the parallels among the inhabitants of Olympus and the participants in the drama playing out at the White House are striking.
In its live coverage of the day's events, Greek television split the screen between Clinton's speech at the airport and images of marauding protesters hurling rocks and firebombs.
Having been in a sorority and then working in government, nonprofits, and the corporate world, I find that Greek life was very representative of the "real world."
However, the Eucharist is a memorial (Greek anamnesis) in which "the atoning work of Christ on the cross is proclaimed and made effective in the life of the church."
Oxymoron derives from the Greek oxymoros meaning pointedly foolish, which itself derives from oxy- , a combining form meaning sharp (from the Greek oxus meaning sharp) and moron (from the Greek moros meaning dull).
How readily St. Jerome might associate these meanings of the more philosophical Greek with the horn imagery of power in the more ancient Hebrew.
For example, diagnosis was borrowed from a Greek word (which, incidentally, did not mean the same thing); two hundred years afterwards, the verb diagnose --a back formation --was coined.
[A sign in a Greek pizeria in Peabody, Massachusetts.
Another, apparently related, Greek word, malaka , is defined by Creighton as “softening of the brain, stupidity, and imbecility.”
Thus one finds Egyptian, Hebrew, Aramaic, Greek/Latin, and other languages disguised in Greek and Latin letters.
Despite his protest to the contrary, Wilkinson has included a number of what can only be termed literary metaphors in sections under Myth that include Primeval, Jewish, Greek, Germanic, and Celtic, but no Roman.
Both of these languages, written in phonetic Greek, still await elucidation.
Many's the happy hour we spent by the sty, a volume of Greek mythology in our trotters, contemplating the particularly rank aroma of our enemies.
The familiar story of the Trojan horse appears in Virgil's Aeneid : The horse, with armed men hidden inside, is presented by the Greek enemy to the besieged city of Troy, and brought within its walls.
Another possibility is gerontoetymonym, (pronounced ger-ON-to-ehTYM-o-nym) using the combining forms geronto- meaning old (from the Greek gerontos meaning old man) and etymo-.
Donald Dossey, a North Carolina behavioral scientist, has coined a term for it: "paraskevidekatriaphobia," which he derived from the Greek for fear of Friday the 13 th . He estimates that between 17 million and 21 million Americans suffer mild to severe anxiety or change their activities--performing rituals before leaving the house, calling in sick to work, or postponing flights or major purchases--and that businesses lose $750 million in revenues because of these fears.
The Copts in Egypt originally wrote their language (a derivative of pharaonic Egyptian) in Greek letters; today they read their prayers in Arabic transcription.
The clash between the two principles was what produced Greek tragedy, according to Nietzsche.
And, where the reference is made in the first paragraph to “the twanging release of Ulysses' silver bow,” that the bowman is not Ulysses but Apollo, shooting into the Greek camp.
Orchid is from the Greek orchis `testicle.
Which of the following are genuine sources of Greek animosity?
3) A Greek medical aid convoy in Kosovo was reportedly struck by a bomb but without causing any injuries.
Yet in Greek documents, notaries appended their names and formulaic closing statements using Latin letters.
A friend describing Picasso racing back and forth between the Greek and Roman rooms in the Louvre says he "paces around and around like a hound in search of game."
3) Why is the dispute between the Greek government and the British Museum over the Elgin Marbles raised in a dictionary (regardless of how encyclopedic it is)?
The publication in 1500 of Erasmus' Adagia brought about a trend to translate Latin and Greek proverbs and quotations into national languages.
Until then, I think I had assumed that only the everyday speech of the man in the street and the very demotic Greek of some magazines and newspapers had incorporated these borrowings.
Conversely, Demotic Egyptian signs and Hebrew, Armenian, and Latin letters were sometimes used to write Greek.
For those who wish to know more, there is a neatly put together section on Latin (pp. 175-228) and one on Greek (pp. 228-64).
For example, the Greek palindrome Aberamenthooulerthexanaxethreluoothnemareba , according to one philologist, is Egyptian for `Powerful One of the Waters, Thoth, God of Rain, O Sovereign: Rain of God, Thoth, of the Powerful Waters.
By Saturday, the pundits were smelling smoke but decided that the press still hadn't "found the fire" (Evan Thomas, Inside Washington ). Charles Krauthammer ( Inside Washington ) sensed an element of "Greek tragedy" to the story, although he didn't specify whether he was referring to Oedipus Rex or Antigone . Thomas and Jack Germond found it easier to cast aspersions on Clinton's partner in ...
An eponym, of course, is a word that has been formed from the name of a person, place, or thing ( eponumos is a Greek word meaning "named on").
Even in 10th-century Europe it was fashionable to write Latin texts employing Greek letters, Greek being a far more holy language than mundane Latin.
.” So we see that the Greek word “chiefly” chosen by the Septuagint scholars to mean parthenos is the word bethulah , which Mr. Orbaum stresses is “the Hebrew word for virgin .” But the Jewish scholars of the Septuagint also chose the word parthenos to translate `almah in Isaiah 7:14, where one might have expected a less specific word.
' A gringo , from griego `Greek,' is one whose speech “sounds like Greek to me.”
The Septuagint translates qaran , in the passage of Exodus 34:29, with a Greek verb used in the New Testament to mean: “to praise, extol, magnify, celebrate; to honor, do honor to, hold in honor; to make glorious, adorn with lustre, clothe with splendor; to make renowned, render illustrious, i.e., to cause the dignity and worth of some person or thing to become manifest and acknowledged; to exalt to a glorious rank or condition.
Erica is ultimately from the Greek for `easily broken,' and Calluna is a Latin and Greek word for `sweep or broom,' heather twigs being superior to those of heath for this purpose, which indeed might leave as much mess as it cleared up.
The gospel writer read the Greek translation and related this passage, as well as many others, to Jesus.
Greek atomism was fashioned in a different workshop.
condemnation of awful and awfully, preventative, taxidermist, transpire, of Latin and Greek sources for new words (e.g.
Such a situation did prevail in the earliest beginnings of the writing of Greek, in which can be seen the truest forerunner of the modern alphabet: as an artifact it is valuable to us as a key to studying ancient Greek dialects; applied to modern English it would contribute nothing more than utter confusion.
In New York, the teachers' union runs a program called Dial-A-Teacher that answers homework questions in English, Spanish, Haitian-Creole, French, Greek, Italian, and Chinese, which is really quite useful.
Quicklime is quick (that is, alive, as in the quick and the dead) because it is anhydrous (Greek for unwatered) and soaks up water with a vengeance to make slaked lime (calcium hydroxide, Ca(OH)2, from CaO + H2O), which is what makes quicklime so useful as the binding agent in mortar, cement, and concrete.
In wresting the Bible from the Greek, Hebrew, and Latin, the translators set a high standard for ordinary spoken and written English.
Oxymoron derives from the Greek oxymoros meaning pointedly foolish, which itself derives from oxy- , a combining form meaning sharp (from the Greek oxus meaning sharp) and moron (from the Greek moros meaning dull).
As is well known, this Greek text renders the word with the technical word for virgin, parthenos, not with what one would expect, neanis--young maid, the Greek word which is deliberately put in place here in the ancient Greek versions of Aquila, Symmachus and Theodotion.
c) Less "Greek, Hungarian, Italian and French," more "British and American."
Chinese, English, and Indian women prefer the same Greek men; Hispanic and black Americans agree on which newly arrived Asian women are the genuine babes, and so on.
Hundreds of Greek and Coptic magical texts from Egypt (dating from the 1st c.B.C.
Marathon provided the model after it was reintroduced into English from Greek with the First Olympic Games at Athens in 1896, according to the OED . The long-distance running event honored the warrior who in 490 B.C. ran to Athens in order to announce the Greek victory over the Persians on the plains of Marathon.
They had Greek and Hebrew texts of the Bible, and they used these in their work.
The Greek word was (and is) πíθoς ( pithos ) a six-footish wine jar.
Bell may have been one of the more sparkling of the New York intellectuals in his heyday; and he was also, of course, a writer for Henry Luce's Fortune in the '50s (and has even retained some Time-ese tics, such as referring to Plato in a footnote as "the famed Greek philosopher").
The letters I, U and W were created much later, while the letters K, X, Y, Z were used primarily in transcribing Greek words.
For a very brief discussion, see Spelling of Greek Names, which also explains that some scholars might prefer Kharybdis as a truer transliteration of the Greek."
It is basically composed of 29 percent Anglo-Saxon and 60 percent Romance (including Latin and Greek) words.
One possibility is etymonym (pronounced ehTYM-o-nym), using the coined combining form etymo- (from the Greek etymon meaning the true meaning of a word, which derives from etymos meaning true or real).
It's similar to Norbert Weiner's thinking (the originator of the term "cybernetics" from the Greek word for "helmsman"), which postulated that society would be increasingly governed by "feedback," allowing elites to steer better.
As originally conceived, Hanukkah was a celebration of Jewish resistance to a Greek invasion.
He fails to make explicit that the portion of Matthew he quotes (1:23) is not just an identical “mistranslation”: Matthew's use of the Greek parthenos is the KJV's authority for the choice of word.
When I spoke with her, she apologized for her slightly glazed eyes, having spent the last forty-eight hours teaching herself ancient Greek.
It's a crime to quote that story about the fallen teen-ager, and then bring in two guys who would have no clue about Greek life!
Clearly, David Galef's classics course was done in translation, for had he read in Greek, he would never have written Pandora's Box but Pandora's Wine Jar [The Niceness Principle, XVII , 2].
The word comes from the Greek, more precisely, the Greek of the New Testament.
Still, because these borrowed, aberrant words represent relatively rare infractions of the time-honored rules of grammar, I doubt that matters will ever reach the point where literate Greeks would be driven to gnashing of teeth and tearing of hair by Greek equivalents of barbarisms such as to you and I and Us teachers are ....
This church served Greek refugees in the 8th century, and the designation in Cosmedin is usually assumed to be connected with the Greek word kosmidion , diminutive of kosmos , meaning `embellishment.
This root, or closely related ones, such as * ghol , yield a whole slough of modern English words via various Proto-Germanic and related IE roots: yellow, gild, gall (a yellowish substance), choler, cholera, melancholy black bile, and chlorine , all via Greek kholé yellow bile and Greek chlidé luxury and Proto-Germanic * ghhleid and * glazem: gleam, glint, glimmer, glisten, glass, glaze, gloss, glance, glade, glee, glow, gloaming, glide , and glissade --quite a haul from what is basically a single root!
That word boustrophedon describes writing that goes from left to right on the first line, then right to left on the second, then left to right on the third, and so on; it comes from a Greek word describing the turning in a field of an ox and plow.
(Compare Greek perdix partridge. and perdesthai to break wind.)
' Butter hides the Greek boûs `ox' plus t\?
And a participant from the Far East weighed in on Confucianism: Was it really a religion, or was Confucius simply to Chinese morality what Plato was to Greek philosophy?
But an examination of Partridge's A Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English (Routledge & Kegan Paul, London, 1937) yields the Greek malakia , defined as “masturbation” and “tricky.”
If these items were in a collection that I put in my front yard, eclectic might be the word; but what is missing from the harbor's variety is the element of choice: eclectic come from the Greek legein `to choose or pick.
(The element with atomic number 61 is not found naturally, and this number was allocated to promethium , when proof of its existence was confirmed by American chemists, who named it for Prometheus, in Greek mythology the earliest teacher and benefactor of mankind.)
The Latin, Greek, or Old English roots are readily discernible (though I cannot explain the -etz in the last case), and generate few if any metaphorical overtones.
Marathon provided the model after it was reintroduced into English from Greek with the First Olympic Games at Athens in 1896, according to the OED . The long-distance running event honored the warrior who in 490 B.C. ran to Athens in order to announce the Greek victory over the Persians on the plains of Marathon.
The words bicronym and polycronym are formed by breaking up the combining form acro- (from the Greek acros meaning highest) into a- and cro- and combining bi- or poly- with cro- .
' A gringo , from griego `Greek,' is one whose speech “sounds like Greek to me.”
Cavendish was much closer to his own mark: in 1766 he isolated hydrogen, which he correctly perceived as a building block of water ( hydro- being the oblique stem of Greek hyder , water).
Herrick's poem is a loose translation of a piece by the ancient Greek poet Anacreon.
, Plato's Republic and Aristophanes' The Birds ). However, it is Sir Thomas More's speculative work of political science and sociology-- Utopia (from the Greek ou - `not' + topos -`place')--which became, generically, the impossibly perfect place.
böhmische Dörfer or Wortsalat, Lit. Bohemian villages or salad of words: double Dutch or it's Greek to me
There is no law against combining bogus, ad hoc , “foreign” words and the real thing in one breath, just as Keillor's narrator does in his “Altrusian” blessing, juxtaposing what is obviously nonsense next to genuine Latin ( domino ) and Hebrew ( shadrach, meshach, abednego ). Likewise, in ancient Greek magical texts snippets of Egyptian, Hebrew, Aramaic, Coptic, and Babylonian words and proper names commingle in happy abandon with endless concatenations of gibberish, producing a veritable Babelian babble to challenge the ingenuity of Indo-European and Semitist scholars alike two thousand years later, as they wrangle with these more-than-sesquipedalian creations of Greco-Egyptian magical fantasy.
(b) The term element itself, while unquestionably from Latin—Cicero gives it as a gloss for Greek stoicheion, series ( stoichiometry is the calculation of relative quantities of reagents and their end-products in a chemical reaction)—is of obscure derivation.
Under this last heading, among the many alleged undesirables in Juvenal's Rome is what he calls in a memorable phrase Graeculus esuriens , the “hungry little Greek.”
A Greek minority demands that Macedonia, with its ethnically Albanian majority, be absorbed into Greece.
My fellow Slate columnist Robert Wright asked me recently: "Isn't it slightly absurd to apply the prefix over to something whose Greek root means under ?" As Wright knows, the hype in overhype probably comes from hypodermic , as in needle, the components of that term deriving from Greek words meaning "under the skin."
On Tuesday, the Greek daily Ta Nea published a leaked NATO document warning that Albania, Montenegro, and Macedonia are in imminent danger of economic and political collapse because of the Kosovo crisis.
Besides, better to stay with the -onym ending and call such words neonyms , using the combining form neo- (from the Greek neos meaning new).
The rioting of Kurds across Europe Tuesday, with burnings and hostage-takings at Greek and Kenyan diplomatic missions, alarmed European newspapers and generated countless pages of comment and analysis.
From Greek kónōps `mosquito' the Romans formed conopium `couch with a net' (to keep mosquitoes away).
The Post exclusive informs that a Defense Department team has investigated allegations of a Greek breach of NATO security and concluded that there has been "no compromise of technology whatsoever."
I had lived in Greece for more than two decades and was aware of the many English words also at home there; but now, I was struck not just by the large number but by their use in official Greek.
If, in the future, Modern Greek continues to be as hospitable to English words as it has been in the recent past, there are likely to be more and more neuter nouns with few inflections or none at all, at least until the new words have put down roots.
Predictably, Hollywood has given a good many words to Modern Greek.
There is also the learned guess, as in the etymology for groundhog , the Midland name for the eastern woodchuck, which may be a calque from Dutch aertoercken , and archaic variant of aardvarken , literally `earth pig'; or hieronymous , a euphemism for the posterior, which may derive from Greek hieron osteon , the name for the sacrum; or the southern Appalachian expression to come out of the little end of the horn meaning `to be unlucky,' which is probably an allusion to a “reverse” cornucopia.
A building called the Catademnon (pungent gust of ancient Greek syllables!) is certainly not merely a confection, reminding us as it does of condemn, Agamenmon, and Parthenon, all of which relate directly to Vance's hero Emphyrio and his tragic fate.
This is neatly illustrated, though with Greek, in Edward C. Echols' “Alpha Privative = A-Negative” immediately above (pp.
"It's become a carnival midway of commercial attractions" (Jack Mathews, the Los Angeles Times ). Critics profess surprise that the festival's top honors go to the controversial Greek director Theo Angelopoulos for his Eternity and a Day , the story of a dying poet.
It's clear now that a better translation from the Greek would have read, "I have never touched that nymph , Miss Io."
Taking the example cited above: otra perouth might be transmogrified Greek for o pater, therapeue `O Father, heal!
Other quizzes “test” the knowledge of the reader's knowledge of gay, black, or carnival slang, of the origins of certain words ( topaz matches up with “Greek for `conjecture' because they could only guess where it came from”), some of tautological clichés (like beck and --), others of nautical jargon, euphemisms, numerical allusions, Yankee dialect, and so forth.
One might quarrel with an occasional comment (like, [The Techne ] might be said to have become the basis of every Greek textbook that schoolboys, in England and elsewhere, would face until the year 1000, which must have encompassed a relatively small number), but such are few and far between in the earlier chapters of the book.
Chameleon originated as Greek chamaí ` on the ground' plus léoacute;n ,' `lion,' from the shape of the animal's manelike head.
Jö;ns Jakob Berzelius, who discovered selenium (from Greek selene , moon) in 1818 and named silicon (from Latin silex , flint) in 1824, compiled the first systematic table of the elements in 1828, arranged according to units of atomic weight one twelfth of the heft of the commonest isotope of carbon.
A guest told the Star that after the ceremony, Quinn launched into his Zorba the Greek dance.
It is not everyone who can be her own Greek chorus.
That is not to mention the occasional Modern Greek, Hebrew, Russian, and Chinese transcription of an English, French, Italian, German, or African word, name, or place—and vice versa.
The target of the rioters' wrath was not primarily the Kurd's principal foe Turkey, but mostly Greek and Kenyan embassies throughout Europe, because Ocalan was in Kenya under the protection of Greek diplomats when he was seized.
Atom derives from the combining form a- (from the Greek a meaning not and the Greek tomos , meaning cut).
The stadium itself, and the kind of activity that took place there, were called agon , a Greek word which originally meant simply `competition,' but which has given us our word `agony.
Legend attributes it to a more or less imaginary eponymous founder Romulus , or, in a less familiar version, to a Trojan woman, Rhome (whose name is a Greek word for `strength').
Such a situation did prevail in the earliest beginnings of the writing of Greek, in which can be seen the truest forerunner of the modern alphabet: as an artifact it is valuable to us as a key to studying ancient Greek dialects; applied to modern English it would contribute nothing more than utter confusion.
Mod. Greek phúdia matotsúnoura vlépharo
All three developed from the Russian pede , a slangy contraction of pederast , which was borrowed from the Greek by way of French.
The only things that look distinctive at first are Baron von Gloeden's and Wilhelm Plüschow's pedophilic tableaux of Greek and Italian youths decked out in laurel wreaths.
However, the Greeks also called the metal quicksilver; in Greek, liquid silver is hydrárgyros , from which the symbol Hg derived.
In this cunning, amusing poem, with its punch line that never wears out, the Greek poet Constantine Cavafy penetrates deep into the nature of political life.
Two Greek elements, ō `the letter “o” '+ mêga `large, great,' combine to make omega . It contrasts with ō + micron `small' which form omicron , the “smaller” o of the Greek alphabet.
Oxy comes from Greek oxus sharp < IE * ak , sharp and sour both being descriptive of acid.
3. The Greek translators of the Hebrew Bible some 300 years or more before the composition of the New Testament were not misquoting the Hebrew; they were doing the difficult work of translation from one language into another.
Elsewhere afield, the curlew , with its cry of courli , is obviously named, as is the cuckoo , whose name is similar in many languages (French coucou , German Kuckuck , Greek kokkux , Latin cuculus ).
Chair is a Greek compound of kata `down' + hedra `sit, seat.
For example: kith and kin, wrack and ruin ; in German: mit Kind und Kegel, drauf und dran ; in French: sain et sauf . Alongside such fixed combinations, which seem to adhere to their own rhythmic and phonetic rules, are the playful, nonsensical, purely rhythmical and melodious formulations, which distinctly recall the ancient incantatory cantillations characteristic of Egyptian, Greek, and Roman and latterday hocus pocus.
Adams set a rigorous course of study for young John, assigning him, for example, to read Thucydides' History of the Peloponnesian War in the original Greek, at age 10.
Around 400 B.C., the Greek painter Zeuxis was said to have painted grapes so lifelike that birds came to peck at them.
Timothy Noah's image of the standard old public building ("") seems to be derived from Mayan or Egyptian pyramids, Greek theaters, the Roman Coliseum, and Notre Dame cathedral.
If the inhabitants are predominantly of a particularly ethnic stock, they might like to commemorate Italian painters, Spanish poets, or Greek playwrights; if they are of a classical bent, they can find names of important works of Latin and Greek literature; on the other hand, if they like modern music, they can name their streets after rock groups or stars.
' For English, this means a capacity to add the Latinate onto the vernacular, then Greek onto the Latinate, so that you can eat a hearty breakfast, and be cordial afterwards without suffering from cardiac arrest.
Those dueling Greek painters return in a new guise, as Mario Merz, in the Zeuxis role, covers a glass table with an array of fresh vegetables and fruit, changed daily by a New York caterer ( Spiral Table , 1982), while Christo, playing Parrhasios, conceals the familiar Cézannesque shapes--wine bottle, vase, etc.--under a drapery of canvas ( Package on a Table , 1961).
As regular readers of such publications as Greek, Roman, and Byzantine Studies ; the Classical Journal ; and the Journal of Biblical Literature are by now well aware, a dispute has long simmered about whether people in ancient times read to themselves silently, as we moderns do, or mostly read aloud.
English already has several well known -onym words (from the Greek onyma meaning name), such as synonym (same meaning), antonym (opposite meaning), and homonym (same sound).
In some languages (Spanish, Romanian, Russian, Czech, Greek, Arabic, Hebrew, Welsh, Irish, and others) the same word denotes both finger and toe (although it must be remembered that when there is need to specify that toes and not fingers are meant, or vice versa, there are ways to do so in those languages).
Meriut, mermeriut in a Greek magical text of the 3rd c.A.D.
Living the Greek Way
Old engravings show draped, enveloping clothes for Muslim women that are not very different from ancient Greek and Roman women's clothes or early medieval clothes and that are, in fact, similar to early forms of peasant women's clothing all over eastern Europe.
c) Less "Greek, Hungarian, Italian, and French," more "British and American."
But none of that explains why we're not using, say, Y2M--which simply replaces the consonant representing the Greek term for thousand with the one for "mille," its Latin counterpart.
The original cynics were Greek philosophers who made fun of wealth.
The strongest protests come not from British scholars, however, but from Greek ones.
If the inhabitants are predominantly of a particularly ethnic stock, they might like to commemorate Italian painters, Spanish poets, or Greek playwrights; if they are of a classical bent, they can find names of important works of Latin and Greek literature; on the other hand, if they like modern music, they can name their streets after rock groups or stars.
The Greek alphabet was, in turn, used with modifications by the Lykians, Lydians, Etruscans, Copts, and Slavs.
That brings us to the Septuagint, the Greek translation of the Hebrew Old Testament “said to have been made by 72 Palestinian Jews during the third century B.C. at the command of Ptolemy Philadelphus.
When they read the Hebrew and Greek texts of Isaiah 7, and the Greek text of Matthew 1, they had to decide which terms from the common language would best express what was in the ancient manuscripts.
My fellow Slate columnist Robert Wright asked me recently: "Isn't it slightly absurd to apply the prefix over to something whose Greek root means under ?" As Wright knows, the hype in overhype probably comes from hypodermic , as in needle, the components of that term deriving from Greek words meaning "under the skin."
Aristotle says that Democritus conceived atoms—the word means unsplittables (Greek a- , not-, plus tomos , a cut, section)—as being particles at variance with one another which tend to get ensnarled and interlocked... fit snugly and so catch firm hold of one another, for some bodies are scalene while others are sharply hooked, some are concave, others convex...
Mark 15.34 records Christ's reproach from the cross— eloi, eloi, lamma sabachthani ?— using Greek letters to transcribe the original Aramaic.
Translators of the King James Bible had the same task as did the Greek translators centuries before: to make this ancient text accessible to the readers of their day.
The Greek government recently stepped up its long-running campaign to get them back and got the British Museum to admit that it bungled their restoration in 1938.
St. Jerome, translating from the Hebrew and referring to the Greek, while preparing the (Latin) Vulgate, evidently mistranslated the Hebrew qaran to shine, for qeren horn and went on record with cornuta , horned: Quod cornuta esset facies sua . Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase & Fable calls the translation “a blunder,” explaining that “the Hebrew for this shining may be translated either as `sent forth beams' or as `sent forth horns.
This church served Greek refugees in the 8th century, and the designation in Cosmedin is usually assumed to be connected with the Greek word kosmidion , diminutive of kosmos , meaning `embellishment.
Or is Prague the capital of reason and lucidity, of light and simplicity--the urban counterpart to the ancient Greek philosophers?
And it's true: The models in Armani ads look like Greek statues.
The adjacent Palatine Hill, which was eventually reserved for imperial structures (whence our words palace and palatial ), was derived from the name of Pallas , son of Evander, a Greek who according to epic tradition settled on the site of Rome centuries before its “real” founding.
I suspect that American and British readers with some claim to international sophistication are flattered by the assumption of some ad writers and authors that a little French will not be Greek to them.
reappear in medieval French Catholic and Eastern Syriac church liturgies as mermeut . Echoes of one Greek curse text written in the 3rd c.
And, in fact, this reading is far more in keeping with the ancient Greek temperament.
Under “L,” entries include Latin/Greek , defined by Aphra Behn, cited in Dale Spender's book, as `Secret codes supplied through an education traditionally denied women.
Their name came from kýōn , a Greek word meaning `dog.
Declaim that line of transliterated Greek, and you can listen to Homer's cunning selection of words and genitive case capture the twanging release of Ulysses' silver bow.
What distinguished Tyndale's work from earlier English efforts was that he translated the New Testament straight from its native Greek and his Pentateuch from Hebrew, without the distorting filter of Jerome's Latin.
A piece tells the incredible life story of Carlos Mavroleon, the Eton and Harvard educated son of a Greek tycoon who converted to Islam, joined the mujahideen, became a free-lance TV war correspondent, was arrested by the Pakistani police while trying to sneak into Osama Bin Laden's terrorist camps after the U.S. bombing, and died mysteriously of a heroin overdose days later.
8. humans: blood:: Greek gods:?
Thus one finds Egyptian, Hebrew, Aramaic, Greek/Latin, and other languages disguised in Greek and Latin letters.
Atom is from the Greek a- `not' + temnein `cut.
The name is found in Latin and Greek in the first to fourth centuries and in the modern languages as far back as their records go.
Both parties have employed ethnic fund-raisers--Jewish, Korean, Greek, Chinese--for many years.
In ancient Hittite religious texts Accadian words provide the mysterious, exotic sounds; in Latin it is Persian words; in Greek, Hebrew and Aramaic; in Hebrew prayers Greek was used.
I raise the matter of foreign languages in connection with vocabulary partly because familiarity with Greek and Latin and French and German is particularly useful in establishing an intimate relationship with the English language.
Ironically, those who spout off the most about Greek life and conformity are just as guilty of it.
A more substantial issue raised by the advent of cloning (itself from the Greek klon , meaning "twig" or "branch") is, of course, the possibility that commerce in the very stuff of which we're made will ultimately turn humanity into merchandise, our genesis controlled by some mutant form of agribusiness.
The target of the rioters' wrath was not primarily the Kurd's principal foe Turkey, but mostly Greek and Kenyan embassies throughout Europe, because Ocalan was in Kenya under the protection of Greek diplomats when he was seized.
But bridge, foul, goal , (team) manager, match, out , and rally have, in Greek, none but the meanings pertaining to games and sports.
When the Greeks first saw a huge animal in Egypt, they called it hippopotamus , the Greek word for `water horse.
When the gospel writers read Isaiah 7:14 in the Greek, they read parthenos , the Greek translation of ` almah . This term had a narrower range of meaning than ` almah , and more specifically meant “virgin,” but it was within the range of equivalence for the Hebrew term ` almah . The gospel writer did not misquote the Bible in this matter.
This, in turn, would inspire Greece to intervene to restore order and protect the Greek minority in Macedonia.
Hippopotamus , from Greek, is a `horse that swims in a river.
Gaultier's dark red and white man's jacket in silk-and-rayon twill has a modern classical shape, but it's printed with variably modulated stripes that form the vision of a nude Greek classical torso, complete with arms and thighs.
She has some of the bright, distanced amusement we find in the best comedies of Greek and Roman antiquity.
The Greek myth of Pandora's box is one that most of us recall vaguely: though Pandora was told not to open that box, of course she did--at which point all manner of evils flew out, making our world one of pestilence, famine, death, and destruction.
The play recounts Wilde's downfall, says USA Today 's David Patrick Stearns, "with the inevitability and much of the monumentality of a Greek tragedy."
Only Greek, with its own native alphabet, requires a second rendering of the name on the bill.
In 1886 the aforesaid Lecoq de Boisbaudran (who had already discovered gallium in 1875) isolated dysprosium (Greek for difficult to reach).
Etymologies in the OED, The Random House Unabridged , and Kluge's Etymologisches Wörterbuch der deutschen Sprache have cognates of balagan/balcony popping up in Slovene ( blazina ), Greek, and most significantly in Lithuanian ( balǽienas ), purportedly the most conservative of the Indo-European languages.
Two Greek elements, ō `the letter “o” '+ mêga `large, great,' combine to make omega . It contrasts with ō + micron `small' which form omicron , the “smaller” o of the Greek alphabet.
This root, or closely related ones, such as * ghol , yield a whole slough of modern English words via various Proto-Germanic and related IE roots: yellow, gild, gall (a yellowish substance), choler, cholera, melancholy black bile, and chlorine , all via Greek kholé yellow bile and Greek chlidé luxury and Proto-Germanic * ghhleid and * glazem: gleam, glint, glimmer, glisten, glass, glaze, gloss, glance, glade, glee, glow, gloaming, glide , and glissade --quite a haul from what is basically a single root!
Erica is ultimately from the Greek for `easily broken,' and Calluna is a Latin and Greek word for `sweep or broom,' heather twigs being superior to those of heath for this purpose, which indeed might leave as much mess as it cleared up.
The Apollonian comes from the Greek god Apollo, the god of light, who was associated with rationality and its subspecialties law, medicine, and philosophy.
2. At heliotrope , some might miss the point without the information that Apollo was the Greek god of the sun.
In Greek mythology, mortals who looked upon Medusa's face were turned to stone.
I should have realized that early translations of the Bible from Aramaic and Hebrew into Greek and Latin, then into all the languages of the world, would be at least as vulnerable as modern-day publications.
From antiquity many such chameleonic switchovers are preserved on papyrus, parchment, stone, and bone and in clay, Greek letters serving to write Demotic Egyptian, Babylonian, Hebrew, Aramaic, Indian, and Latin.
(Note: An alternative etymology of hype would derive the word from the Greek hyper , meaning "over," so that to overhype something is to "over-over" it--more straightforwardly logical but not nearly as evocative, in my view.)
When they read the Hebrew and Greek texts of Isaiah 7, and the Greek text of Matthew 1, they had to decide which terms from the common language would best express what was in the ancient manuscripts.
(For what it's worth, Greek kalia means birdhouse, little shed, wooden shrine— such as would cover an outdoor divinty's statue.)
One might regard it as a popular combination of Carl Darling Buck's A Dictionary of Selected Synonyms in the Principal Indo-European Languages (1949 and 1988) and A Comparative Grammar of Greek and Latin (1933), both University of Chicago Press, with something of Edward Pinkerton's Word for Word , Verbatim Books (1982), and my Suffixes and Word-Final Elements of English (1982) and Prefixes and Word-Initial Elements of English (1984), both Gale Research, thrown in.
Even in 10th-century Europe it was fashionable to write Latin texts employing Greek letters, Greek being a far more holy language than mundane Latin.
Words that are or become nouns in Greek are assigned articles indicating gender, and some words are also inflected like Greek nouns; but the majority, become uninflected neuters, which, anyway, have fewer inflections than feminines or masculines, so that a change in the article is often the only indication of case and syntax.
So directed, one can peruse a number of Greek dictionaries--especially Creighton's “Mega Hellano-Anglikon Lexikon, p.
It has ever been thus, at least since the Greek mythologizer Plutarch published his Lives , and continues to be thus in the debates over footnotes, etc., between academic and journalistic biographers today.
The model for the temptress with snakes in her hair was Maria Zambaco, a sculptress of Greek background who was in turn Burne-Jones' pupil, studio assistant, and lover before he broke with her in 1869 and returned to his long-suffering wife.
Maybe Kubrick would have made nothing but masterpieces if he'd put big Greek or Venetian masks on all his actors.
Antimony is so called from Greek antimonos , against single(ness) owing to its readiness to react with other substances, but its chemical symbol is Sb, from Latin stibium , the name of a cosmetic and medicinal powder (antimony sulfide) used by Roman women as a hair blackener for their eyebrows, and in ophthalmology (of which there were many Etruscan specialists, thanks in part to the unhealthy swamps of Rome's Tuscan hinterlands) as an eye ointment.
Words of Church Slavonic origin mingle freely with a large body of Turkish words--a legacy of five hundred years of occupation--along with words from Romany, Romanian, Modern Greek, German, French, Italian, Tatar, and Macedonian.
One of these turns up in the very handy Brit news digest The Week , which claims David likes to travel on London tube trains, but has to disguise himself by wearing a hat and glasses and carrying a Greek newspaper.
Hydrogen is a name of Greek origin, not Latin.
Of the despised and wily but accommodating Greek, Juvenal says In caelum iusseris, ibit: “Tell him to go to the sky, and he will be off.”
But even in these extensions of the word, - athon was only part of a placename, even though now regularly applied to physical activities, and had no meaning on its own in either English or the original Greek.
Why do we turn so hastily to Greek and Latin whenever a new word is wanted, instead of seeking one home-born?
Conceivably, especially in the Baltic states, English could become the working language for trade and technology and even have a cultural impact like Demotic Greek in the Mediterranean basin in classic times.
When the gospel writers read Isaiah 7:14 in the Greek, they read parthenos , the Greek translation of ` almah . This term had a narrower range of meaning than ` almah , and more specifically meant “virgin,” but it was within the range of equivalence for the Hebrew term ` almah . The gospel writer did not misquote the Bible in this matter.
The Sydney Morning Herald led its front page Friday with a photograph of Georgina Coles, ex-wife of Phil Coles, an Australian member of the International Olympic Committee, wearing U.S.$10,000 worth of jewelry that he had denied accepting as a gift from a Greek businessman associated with the Athens bid for the 1996 Olympics.
The word comes from the Greek, more precisely, the Greek of the New Testament.
Atom derives from the combining form a- (from the Greek a meaning not and the Greek tomos , meaning cut).
Partridge came through Old French and Latin perdīcem, from Greek pérdīx `partridge,' which is related to pérdesthai `to fart.
The Greek version reads “the virgin,” being more explicit than the Hebr.
Once upon a time there was a playwright who knew little Latin and less Greek.
Some elements bear macaronic labels: one which has a name from Greek but a symbol from Latin is antimony (refined as early as 900 C.E. and used, during the Middle Ages, as a powerful precursor to Ex-Lax.
The entire town seems to have been laid out according to the cosmologies of the Greek myths.
Homer's Greek spelling cannot be precisely rendered in Roman characters because not all the letters in the Greek alphabet have exact analogs.
In 1903 a Greek papyrus drama fragment from Oxyrhyncus (Egypt) was published in which an Indian appears conversing in his mother tongue.
His take on the official report: "a splendid libretto by Kenneth Starr, a Greek chorus of television commentators … hapless walk-ons, clandestine comings and goings … a May-December romance."
The genre changed to pastoral: Tarzan and Jane became the equivalents of the innocent shepherds and shepherdesses of Hellenistic Greek and Renaissance pastoral fiction, striving to preserve their natural idyll from corruption by civilization.
We characterize unintelligible speech by saying, “That's Greek to me,” the Russians and Rumanians by “That's Chinese to me,” the French by “That's Hebrew to me,” the Germans by “That's Spanish to me,” and the Poles by “I'm listening to a Turkish sermon.”
Tip: You'll eventually have to do something about her Greek mama ("Yaya") hanging around all the time, but better be nice to her for now.
Technology and transportation have yielded computer, laser, transistor , and watt , all unchanged in Greek, as are bulldozer, ferryboat, tunnel , and yacht.
Other common sodium compounds are NaHCO3 (sodium bicarbonate, or baking soda, mentioned above), NaCl (sodium chloride, or common table salt; chlorine is so called because in its gaseous form it is green— Greek chlor- , as in chlorophyl , which, a vulgar euphemism for manure notwithstanding, is what really makes the grass grow green), NaOH (sodium hydroxide, commonly known as caustic soda or lye) and NaNO3 (sodium nitrate, sometimes called Chile saltpeter).
Its popularity was due principally to the famous acrostic consisting of the initial letters of five Greek words forming the word for fish (Ichthys), which briefly but clearly described the character of Christ and His claim to the worship of believers: Iesous Christos Theou Yios Soter, i.e.
Many of them also talk of octopi, unaware that the “correct” Greek plural is octopodes or that the accepted anglicized one is octopuses, the simple English plural - s or - es , as in thesauruses, campuses, formulas, indexes, and memorandums.
Bible translators today as a general rule prefer to translate from the original languages--for the Old Testament (or Hebrew Bible), Hebrew and Aramaic, for the New Testament, Greek.
In The New Yorker , Gary Wills, a classicist by training, praises Robert Fagles' translation of The Odyssey ("Fagles is the best living translator of ancient Greek drama, lyric poetry, and epic into modern English, and [ The Odyssey ] ...
The title is justified by the comparison of Russian proverbs and sayings with English counterparts and, where applicable, references to Greek and Latin sources as well as the Bible.
"They are world champions, and they brought one and a half million people on to the Champs-Elysées, the most famous avenue in the world and the mythological residence of Greek heroes," said the normally restrained Le Monde, France's most serious newspaper, about the French soccer team, which won an unexpected 3-0 victory over Brazil in the World Cup final in Paris Sunday.
For a very brief discussion, see Spelling of Greek Names, which also explains that some scholars might prefer Kharybdis as a truer transliteration of the Greek."
As is well known, this Greek text renders the word with the technical word for virgin, parthenos, not with what one would expect, neanis--young maid, the Greek word which is deliberately put in place here in the ancient Greek versions of Aquila, Symmachus and Theodotion.
English nitrogen comes from Greek nitron (not natron).
[A sign in a Greek pizzeria in Peabody, Massachusetts.
, writing of words of Greek origin with <ch>, as in chronology, psychology , rather than <k> and with <ph>, as in philosophy, sophisticate , rather than <f>.
Apparently Jeff Newman has taken too much Latin, since Homer's Odyssey is written in ancient Greek.
Fire away, but only if you wrote your reply between acts at the Metropolitan Opera, after laying down your edition of Plato, in Greek.
Malay by government design and Japanese by casual osmosis are already indelibly marked by borrowings (including what English took in earlier times from French, Latin, and Greek).
Words that are or become nouns in Greek are assigned articles indicating gender, and some words are also inflected like Greek nouns; but the majority, become uninflected neuters, which, anyway, have fewer inflections than feminines or masculines, so that a change in the article is often the only indication of case and syntax.
In Greek, the sigma that is written in the middle of a word (σ, called medial sigma) is different from the sigma at the end of a word (ς, called final, or terminal sigma).
By the time I graduated from college, I had studied Latin and French for eleven years, Greek for four, German and Old English for two, Lithuanian and Sanskrit for one, and had established a passing acquaintance with Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, and Polish.
