So, your cells do thermodynamic work to make lipids, which spontaneously form a low-energy structure, the membrane.
I made a new distinction between measurements the demon might make that reveal features of nonequilibrium systems that can be used to extract work, and measurements he might make of the nonequilibrium system that cannot be used to extract work.
While this work generally does not involve assessing specific ongoing programs, it may use data from relevant audit work for comparative or baseline purposes.
This special explores the issues facing African elephants in the wild and captivity and highlights a number of conservationists and their work.
Readers, especially those just out of college with hardly any prior work experience, are encouraged to contact Mr. Jordan's Washington office for similar job placement assistance.
By focusing on the fact that the play portrays a Christ who has sex with his disciples, the press has encouraged a misconception about McNally's work.
When a positive review of MacDonald's work appeared in a journal about to be acquired by HBES, Tooby and others thought about sitting down and writing a letter objecting to both the work and the review.
1 The areas of most interest to auditors include section C: Description/Specifications/Work Statement, section
It offers a case in point from one of the 17 volumes of The Lives of the Saints , a massive work written between 1872 and 1889 by Sabine Baring-Gould (1834-1924), the English clergyman who is best remembered as the author of the hymn, “Onward, Christian Soldiers.”
Just like the impact Goodwill's work has on our community.
The following year, Castelli gave Johns a one-man exhibition; Alfred Barr, of the Museum of Modern Art, attended, and agreed to purchase four works.
It also—not coincidentally—gives the impression that the designed interior is autonomous and self-contained: in other words, that it is a work of art.
The garishly opulent interior was the work of a Québécois, Victor Bourgeau.
Fuji, snowcapped even in summer, is so exquisitely formed that it seems more like the work of an infinitely patient landscape artist than a volcanic accident.
One day during a university English class, a very discomfited student, after frantic and obtrusive dictionary work, handed a colleague of mine a scrap of paper.
At the level of molecular autonomous agents, I made the point repeatedly that work is the constrained release of energy and that autonomous agents do carry out work to construct the constraints on the release of energy such that the energy is released along specific channels and such that specific couplings of nonequilibrium energy sources to propagating organization arise.
The prestige associated with publishing in a selective journal is sufficiently valuable that scientists are generally willing to abdicate the legal rights to their own work without remuneration.
The profusion of styles that ensued is demonstrated by the work of three gifted but vastly different architects, Allan Greenberg, Hugh Newell Jacobsen, and Enrique Norten.
The Great Work of God to Restore the Divine Order
This raises an interesting question for the biology community: In a field in which scientific contributions have long been judged in terms of the amount of new experimental data they contain, how does one judge work that is primarily focused on interpreting (albeit with great effort and sophistication) the experimental data of others?
Third, the record may go out of date, so that work can no longer be extracted by reference to the record.
Thus, in the present work we attempted to study in detail the distribution of fibers and cell bodies containing neurokinin in the human brainstem, using an immunoperoxidase technique, and to compare our findings with the distribution of other tachykinins previously described in the human brainstem [ 23 24 25 27 ] . Finally, we report here a widespread distribution of fibers and cell bodies containing neurokinin in the human brainstem.
You and I have done some important work together.
South Park is a reminder of the great moments from the old Henry Beard/Doug Kenny National Lampoon , where the audacity and smarts still leave you tearing up helplessly when you try to explain what you love about the work months later.
However, significant integration and planning work remains to be done in this area of the state.
The Museu Cau Ferrat is installed in the house of the painter Santiago Rusiñol (1861–1931), whose collection of works by El Greco, Casas, Picasso, and others is on display, along with many of his own works.
Works of George Bernard Shaw and other major playwrights are performed in the modern Festival Theatre (Wellington Street and Queen’s Parade Road), with its pleasant garden for a cocktail between acts.
One FEMA inspector told GAO that some survey-damage reports after the Northridge quake included work that had been specifically rejected after the Loma Prieta quake five years earlier.
Clearly, there is nothing in the concept of a reproducing system that carries out at least one thermodynamic work cycle that limits such a system to DNA, RNA, and proteins.
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all, but ironically you’re actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself.
Zoning Enforcement Officer Ron Discher reported that the farm has stopped work on the paddock, an enclosed area where horses can graze and be mounted.
Walker thought the goal of this recommendation was to de-emphasize fine-grained, developmental work and to emphasize pursuing work using available interventions.
Building was slow and sporadic, affected by wars and finance, and the great work took nearly four centuries to complete.
The life-changing experiences that are made possible because of YMCA International work will remain with the youth and adults who participate for a lifetime!
The F Word , the work of the scholar etymologist who is a resident editor in the dictionary department at Random House, proves to be a rare item indeed: a comprehensive, vastly eclectic, tongue-in-cheek serious treatment that has to be the first and last word on this world-class Word.
There are three national art galleries featuring the work of masters from around the world.
The 1835 white clapboard lighthouse here has been restored with a jolly red-and-white striped dome, while a less-attractive modern concrete tower does all the work.
Homer wrote his epic works on Chios; and lyrical poetry was much admired, particularly the work of the poets Archilochos on Paros and Sappho on Lesvos.
Multivariate regression with controls for gender, age, and occupation did not show an increasing trend in cost per claim or time off work per claim.
The Carnot engine is all set as a total organization to receive another input of heat energy and perform another work cycle.
Before the publication of Paredes’s work, most of the Hispanic and Chicano folklore collected was classified, published, and placed on a library shelf.
And in this city, where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene, visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists.
And now, the permanent collection continues its reputation of national importance with recently acquired works from the Samuel Josefowitz collection, featuring the work of Paul Gauguin (1848-1904).
The felled seam was first used in work clothing because of its strength and has since migrated to other apparel items because of its visible stitch pattern.
As a chorister the boy would have sung the works of the Church's most famous kappelmeister, JS Bach.
It creates a core of tension in Freeman's work.
Fifty years after authors die, their works enter the "public domain" and are no longer protected by law.
The AG thanked Mr. (formerly Colonel) Oliver South for his work in apprehending "this white-hating, cop-maiming monster."
Researchers give away the copyright to their work, for free, to the publishers, who organise the peer review and copyedit the article.
Let’s turn to the concept of “work.”
The oldest section of Havana is the city’s most spectacular, even if restoration work and gleaming coats of pastel colonial colors (plus a stern police presence on every corner) are leaving parts of it with a slightly more sanitized feel than the weathered working class neighborhoods that extend along the water and inland.
Although this “haute couture” quarter is small compared with that of Milan or Paris, you’ll still find a good range to choose from, and stores feature work by both international and Dutch designers.
The lower level of the Guggenheim SoHo displays the tinkering side of Rauschenberg's nature, the works he made in collaboration with engineers--the star item there is unquestionably Mud Muse (1968-71), a vat of bentonite (an artificial clay) that bubbles and gurgles and spits, like a pool of quicksand in a Tarzan movie, triggered by a sound-activated compressed-air system.
This makes them significantly different from other congressional oversight committees, which are often spurred into action by the work of investigative journalists and watchdog organizations.
Commissioned by Charles II, the paintings were all the work of one man, Dutch artist Jacob de Wit.
His work is basically one long argument that natural selection, and natural selection alone, is sufficient to explain the seemingly miraculous variety, beauty, and ingenuity of living things.
We are exploring model-based meta-analysis of many arrays of the same chip type but hybridizing to a heterogeneous set of tissues samples, and will present such analysis in future work.
Asymmetrical compositions and a mystical mood of ecstasy typify his work.
He appears to have played a unique role among the muscle hijackers because of his work with one of the plot's financial facilitators, Mustafa al Hawsawi.
The M. H. de Young Memorial Museum has an impressive selection of African Art and of works by Titian, El Greco, and Rembrandt.
When teams made decisions about how to do their work, employees told us they felt greater accountability for the teams' overall performance.
Detractors question that Giotto designed the entire series but usually agree that numbers 2 to 11 are his work.
Fashion is as acceptable in France as any imaginative work, and criticism about it has certainly flourished there.
Yesterday's Los Angeles Times ran a story under the headline "Paula Jones Works on Her Court Appearance," which, illustrated by pictures of Jones, was all about the various looks she's had since stepping on the public stage.
In a few rare instances, one can actually see the transmogrification at work.
In a real biosphere, the linking of exergonic to endergonic reactions by which thermodynamic work is done to build up complex organization is, in fact, inextricably linked with the emergence of new advantages of trade = new, enhanced ways to make livings in new niches.
There is no doubt that Randall enjoys her work.
And, in turn, how does work actually come to be extracted by devices that measure and detect displacements from equilibrium from which work can, in principle, be obtained?
These protocols are intended to provide clearly defined and transparent policies and practices relating to GAO's work.
Saville-Troike presents the essential terms and concepts introduced and developed by Dell Hymes and others and surveys the most important findings and applications of their work.
Of the notable stories in this collection, "A Coupla Scalped Indians," published in 1956 and possibly a fragment for a new novel, is the biggest disappointment, since it is the latest Ellison work here.
The Galleria Nazionale (on Piazzale Marconi) exhibits more excellent works of Correggio and Parmigianino, and an added prize of the collection, the sketch of a young girl, Testa di Fanciulla, by Leonardo da Vinci.
During the course of this work, we have developed software, improved by experimental data and an open-source policy, for rapidly selecting unique sequences from predicted ORFs of any genome.
Work is more than force acting through distance; it is, in fact, the constrained release of energy, the release of energy into a small number of degrees of freedom.
This is essentially a make-work scheme: the mailers do the extra work of putting the address on each piece and the Postal Service does the extra work of arranging these pieces in delivery order.
Stone wants her husband to give up his job and work in Hollywood, but he "hates the Hollywood scene," reports the publication.
Under its conductor, David Atherton, it offers Western classical works and new works by Chinese composers in a September-to-June season.
In addition, the Administration's emphasis on workforce planning and restructuring will require federal agencies to examine how they can flatten their organizational hierarchy and improve their work processes.
They moved from an Apple to Windows audience in their early days without a blink; they moved from a gated service to one where the Web was nearly co-opted into AOL; they went from hourly to unlimited without a look back--this is a company that is not tethered to anything except that which works.
GAO's congressional policies and protocols apply to all investigative work conducted by the Office of Special Investigations unless an exception is specified herein or noted in advance.
A further partial prototype is present in chapter , with its discussion of autonomous agents as self-reproducing physical systems that do successfully measure displacements from equilibrium and do successfully evolve to couple exergonic and endergonic reactions to achieve completed work cycles.
In turn, this led me to wonder about the relation between the emergence of constraints in the universe and in a biosphere, and the diversification of patterns of the constrained release of energy that alone constitute work and the use of that work to build still further constraints on the release of energy.
Figure 2shows a work flow schematic for this study.
It reappears in the work of contemporary Classicists such as Allan Greenberg.
We have arrived at this: An autonomous agent, or a collection of them in an environment, is a nonequilibrium system that propagates some new union of matter, energy, constraint construction, measurement, record, information, and work.
It turns out that the work that must be done, hence the energy utilized, equals the work that can later be extracted from the system after the fast and slow particles are separated into the two boxes.
The concepts of atoms in motion in three-dimensional space do not appear to entail the concepts of an autonomous agent, self-consistent constraint construction, release of energy, propagating work tasks, and the closure of catalysis, tasks, and other features that constitutes the propagating organization that is an autonomous agent or a coevolving ecology of autonomous agents.
For prehospital work, this finding is important because it shows that GCS does not deviate significantly either from the MEES scale (which has more parameters) or from the APACHE II scale (which is measured in hospital).
Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
It sometimes takes work to construct constraints, and it takes constraints to get work.
To understand the potential, and the limitations, of fMRI, it's helpful to know how the technique works.
It is crucial to the strategic planning process to measure the volume of our grantees' work and to evaluate the success of their approaches.
The Center constructs a file of medical records in a standardized, subdivided sequence (hospital admission notes and discharge summaries; neurologic consultation notes; reports of computed tomographic and magnetic resonance imaging of the head; reports of imaging of the heart by transthoracic and transesophageal echocardiography; copies of electrocardiograms; reports of imaging of cervicocephalic vasculature by angiography using conventional, computed tomographic, or magnetic resonance techniques or by ultrasonography; and reports of blood work).
The process was not in operation during the site visit, so current work practices were not observed.
Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step; if not, then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an appropriate pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished.
During the course of this work, three new Cre reporter strains that conditionally express EGFP were reported.
But I was actually asked by my friend at work, who said to me, would you be interested in having the ACLU contact you, and I said yes.
The descansos, erected alongside rural roads where someone has died, become works of art that convey spiritual sentiments.
One of the finest private collections in Europe (since bequeathed to Portugal), it was created as an exhibiton space for the thousands of works of art acquired by the renowned Armenian billionaire Calouste Gulbenkian.
For additional information on our work concerning corporate governance, the accounting profession, financial reporting, and related regulatory matters, please contact Jeffrey C. Steinhoff, Managing Director, Financial Management and Assurance, on (202) 512-2600 or at SteinhoffJ@gao.gov.
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work.
He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new-found skills in a burgeoning industry. "
You and I have done some important work together.
Upon entering the work force, he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities.
It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
I have enclosed a packet of information about MCCOY and its work as well as an application with various options for supporting the youth of our community.
The work of Jean Francois Champollion (1790-1832) in deciphering hieroglyphics from the Rosetta Stone was an astonishing accomplishment, for it enabled us to read the myriad writings of the ancient Egyptians on papyrus and in wall inscriptions and revealed an enormous amount of the knowledge we have today about their civilization, which lasted for about 2600 years.
The publisher sent unrevised bound proofs from which this review was prepared; unfortunately, there was no proof of an index, but the publisher has assured me that there will be one in the published book, a rather essential ingredient of a work with this title.
A longish section, “Some Troublesome Idiomatic Prepositions,” and a “Glossary of Grammatical and Linguistic Terms Used in This Book,” followed by a list of “References,” sources associated with specific entries, round out the work.
There are many other, lesser factors at work, but taken together, all tend toward standardization, especially as the older speakers die off.
Clearly, it is easier for the manager to keep all operators supplied with work, especially since in most cases the work-in-process for each operator is large.
You'll have the opportunity to discuss their work over dinner.
The Titian room contains half a dozen of his great works, among them a brilliant Pope Paul II with his Farnese Nephews, the artist’s daughter Lavinia Vecellio and Philip II of Spain.
The assembly of most items of apparel follows the work flow sketched here.
We hope we can count on your continued partnership and your support for our programs and work.
The top-floor Capitoline Picture Gallery (Pinacoteca Capitolina) has important Venetian works by Bellini, Titian, Tintoretto, Lotto, and Veronese, as well as a fine Rubens Romulus and Remus and Caravaggio’s St. John the Baptist.
Following an eVort to understand what an autonomous agent might be = which, as just noted, involves the concept of work cycles = I was led to the concepts of work itself, constraints, and work as the constrained release of energy.
Please help the American Cancer Society continue its vital work.
His 1885 work The Potato Eaters shows the hard lives endured by the rural poor among whom Van Gogh lived at this time.
Although this may appear to be a crude way of keeping track of the work flow, it is simple and generally effective.
I have enclosed a packet of information about MCCOY and its work as well as an application with various options for supporting the youth of our community.
Brightly decorated by their peers, they depict the incumbent in life, at work, or laboring in the fields.
With His Pistol in His Hand: A Border Ballad and Its Hero, published in 1958 by the University of Texas Press, is not only one of the most important academic works on the history of the Chicano, but it is also respected as major scholarship in the field of folklore studies, and specifically on the genre of the ballad.
Our staff would enjoy sharing additional information about our work and answering any questions you may have.
The pottery and stone work is worth studying, however the chief artifacts are the script fragments of Linear A type scribed on thin clay plates and not yet deciphered.
Now in order to return the Carnot engine to its initial state, 1 (in Figure 3.2), such that the working gas can again expand and do mechanical work on the piston, work must be done on the engine to bring the piston back up to its position near the head of the cylinder and to recompress and reheat the working gas so that its temperature and pressure values, or state, correspond to state 1. If the work done on the Carnot engine simply retraced the exact pathway from step 3 to step 2 to step 1, at least as much work would have to be done on the Carnot engine as the engine released in the power stroke in going from 1 to 2 to 3. If so, no net work would be carried out by the Carnot engine on the external world.
In the past eight years SEND has renovated over 70 homes for affordable resale to families, created more than 100 high quality apartments, assisted 20 businesses to expand or improve their facilities, created three new parks, and taught more than 200 youth work ethics and skills.
The stark realism you’ll see in Caravaggio’s Flagellation and the Seven Works of Mercy launched a whole Neapolitan school of “Caravaggeschi” displayed here.
A description of el abuelo making children “dance the little dove” is also available in Steele’s work (1992, 25).
The work by Loren I. Field, Ph.D., and his colleagues at the School was a cover story in a recent issue of Science - the preeminent journal recognizing benchmark research.
This was Antoni Gaudí’s life work, though he didn’t really expect to finish it in his lifetime.
If so, then we cannot hide the issue of the organization of work processes in a statement of the initial and boundary conditions of the biosphere.
Their successes at work also saved taxpayers more than three-quarters of a million dollars in public assistance.
An imposing statue of the monarch on horseback (1851), the work of Christian Daniel Rauch, stands in the avenue’s central strip.
Very good work shows that such networks can exist in three broad regimes: an ordered regime, a chaotic regime, and near a phase transition between order and chaos.
There is still much work to do, but, naturally, we are very proud of Dr. Field and his colleagues' pioneering work.
This is a forum for independent artists in all genres and has work for many different tastes.
So too I jump to the tentative definition, “An autonomous agent is a system able to reproduce itself and carry out one or more thermodynamic work cycles.”
Perhaps you have heard your student talk about the visiting artists who present slide lectures at Herron about their work, sit in on classes, and mingle with the students.
The collections in which American artists come to the fore present works by Jackson Pollock, Barnett Newman, Kenneth Noland, the Pop Art of James Rosenquist, Andy Warhol, and Claes Oldenburg, the Minimalist sculpture of Donald Judd and Dan Flavin, and Conceptualists such as Solo Lewitt and Joseph Kosuth.
Whether one prefers the work of Greenberg, Jacobsen, or Norten is a matter of taste (I happen to like all three).
It's now your opportunity to be a partner in our work.
The Sani also work as freelance guides.
Whitewashing and plastering of homes have always been women’s work.
We have funded significant research endeavors and rewarded outstanding faculty for work that is at the leading edge of oral health care.
The truth is that home hasn't suddenly become work.
The staff wear traditional clothing and work with the tools of their forefathers.
Much of the work was already being cleaned aqueously in-line, and, as reported above, the company was eager to shift more of the work in-line.
Now we can return to my jumped-to definition: An autonomous agent is a reproducing system that carries out at least one thermodynamic work cycle.
At Goodwill, it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day:
There is no doubt that Randall enjoys her work.
Their work, which is of extremely high quality, is said to be so tightly woven that the baskets can hold water.
7.2 The field work standard related to planning for performance audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is:
I believe that we can ultimately create a statistical theory of the probability of the generation of specific novel processes, structures, and energy sources; propagation of measurements; detection of useful sources of energy; and couplings of structures and processes to the energy sources to extract work and progressively build up still further new structures, energy sources, and processes  all as a function of the current diversity of structures, transformation processes, and measuring and coupling entities.
As regards the term ein Achtgroschenjunge , I really would like to know from which reference work Ms. Flanders has dredged up that term.
The only work published previously on V-ATPase subunit isoforms and stress is concerned with the proteolipid gene family in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Recently, through a lot of hard work and alliances with organizations like yours, some steps have been taken in our community that will help young people continue to be involved in positive activities.
3. Combinations of sounds that ordinarily require movement from both lips and tongue are compromised so that all the work is done by only the lips or only the tongue.
As Islam prohibits the representation of human or animal figures, the work done here is the happy result of imposing much simpler patterns than the often elaborate silverware across the border in Thailand.
As a member of the Commission, Gorelick has recused herself from participation in this aspect of our work.
His most important work was published during the early part of the nineteenth century, 1910–1916, with a series of publications in the Journal of American Folklore.
We need your help to continue our work, particularly as we enable area families with low incomes to become home owners.
Today, then, we might more logically be looking at a market consisting of people who want a reference grammar, that is, one in which they can find answers to their questions about how the language works.
Number 86 next door, largely the work of Robert West, has even more elaborate ornamentation.
First, screening and brief intervention (SBI) does work.
It's now your opportunity to be a partner in our work.
If Boies lowered his fee in order to keep his share of work on the case, would that be illegal?
The Emily Carr Gallery (1107 Wharf Street) presents changing exhibitions of Victoria’s best-known painter (see page 150), along with memorabilia and a short film about her life and work.
In some situations, it may not be feasible to perform any additional work,
The operator must first select the work to be done, put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job, open the appropriate bundles, and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing.
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work.
It was in the 1920s that serious scholarship on American place names, characterized (unlike most earlier work) by thoroughness, objectivity, and linguistic training, began to be published on a regular basis.
An audio-visual show gives information not only about the National Park but also about the work the staff does to protect the landscape.
One case has already been settled; 13 others are in the works.
To think about work cycles, we have been driven to ask about Maxwell’s demon, measurement, when and why measurement pays, thence to what features of a nonequilibrium system are measured such that they constitute a source of energy, thence to how couplings arise that capture the energy source, thence to work and constraints, and now to propagating work due to the occurrence of linked sets of constraints and flows of matter and energy.
I ask you to please give today to the IRT and help them continue the marvelous work they have been producing for 26 years.
More recently, two remarkable works of popular science have convinced me that it is too early to despair.
The Monestir de Pedralbes in Pedralbes has a superb Gothic church with a charming two-story cloister and part of the excellent Thyssen-Bornemisza art collection, including important works from the medieval to Italian Baroque periods (the major part of which is housed in the Thyssen museum in Madrid).
"Virtually all major firms have reduced the size and scope of work performed by engineering organizations.
Where did all this come from, this measuring of useful displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted, the devices coupling to such measurements, and the extraction of work used to build up new kinds of devices that measure new kinds of displacements from equilibrium to extract work in new ways?
There is still much work to do, but, naturally, we are very proud of Dr. Field and his colleagues' pioneering work.
She was in a car with two work mates on their way to an outside broadcast location in Spain when the disc jockey beside her pulled up her bikini top and their companion, Kara Noble, a radio presenter, took a picture of her with a breast exposed.
But what really, really sells pro bono cases is that the work is interesting, meaningful and rewarding.
So the work done is given by just adding up little increments of the force acting on a mass and accelerating it through a distance.
Two hundred at-risk neighborhood youth have gained work and life skills to overcome the appeal of gangs, drugs, and school drop out which constantly threaten their future These direct investments by SEND have been a catalyst encouraging millions more in investments by residents and businesses who now hold hope for the neighborhood's future.
Economic theory predicts that the centerpiece of the Republican tax cut will mean less time at work, which in turn means a further reduction in tax revenues.
They carried books, not to a lecture but to a bonfire on which were burned the works of Thomas Mann, Heinrich Mann, Stefan Zweig, Albert Einstein, and Sigmund Freud, as well as Proust, Zola, Gide, H.G.
They can't go to court, but they can interview clients and do all the initial intake work that needs to be done" as well as investigative work, says Hartwell.
Thus, whatever the demon’s eorts, there remain the issues of just what features of a nonequilibrium system the demon must measure such that work can be extracted, how the demon knows to measure those features rather than other useless features, and how, once measured, couplings come into existence in the universe that actually extract work.
Faculty and Student Awards Annual presentations of Chancellor's awards encourage outstanding work among faculty, staff, and students.
Museo Cerralbo (c/Ven­tu­ra Rodríguez, 17), another nobleman’s collection bequeathed to his country, is more like visiting an art collector’s 19th-century house than a museum; few works are identified or marked.
Auditors may find it necessary to use the work of legal counsel in (1) determining
The third feature to note is the work cycle performed by the agent.
While the trends of decline are reversing, our work is far from complete.
"I also say it when I start cooking in the kitchen and when I arrive at work and start my assignments."
Following the return of the British monarchy in 1660, Cromwell’s work was redone and the buildings extended.
As T&A systems evolve toward increasingly automated methods of recording and reporting employee work and leave times, it is important to implement and maintain a welldefined system that provides management with the confidence that controls are working as designed.
In the factory, however, a sewing machine’s maximum speed is generally not what limits production; it is the time it takes to set up the work on the machine and guide the fabric to the needle as the seam is being made.
Day by day, your support as a member of the Conservancy becomes more and more crucial to the success of our work -- to protect and save natural areas that soon may be lost forever.
Brosnahan has lent some credence to this charge by describing McDonald's work program as "indentured servitude."
Works by recognized masters — including contemporaries José Luis Cuevas and Alejandro Colunga — as well as emerging artists, are on display at the numerous art galleries in town.
To improve customer service, employees may need new skills, such as the ability to analyze and improve work processes or the ability to work effectively together on teams.
The organization of work is essential = and will be central = to thinking about what occurs in an autonomous agent.
Sherry learned through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the welfare system and support her family.
What's remarkable about the Lojack research is that it does do a careful job of distinguishing among the analogues of Hypotheses 1, 2, and 3. That takes a lot of hard work and ingenuity.
There are several intricately carved steatite vessels, including the Harvesters Vase discovered at Aghía Triáda and decorated with a low relief of men at work in the fields.
Given the predominant share of workers in assembly, organization of work in the sewing room has been the central focus of management attention.
It will help assure our continuing work for many birthdays to come.
The Alliance includes such educational policy power players as the NEA and the AFT and its principal goals include establishing tougher course work and making schools safer.
A neo-Gothic work by Enric Sagnier, the church is surmounted by a monumental figure of Christ, one of the city’s landmarks.
Evidence of supervisory reviews of the work performed.
More important, I think, is that he missed the concept that an agent is a union of an autocatalytic system that does one or more work cycles.
It's now your opportunity to be a partner in our work.
Though the manuscript remained out of sight yellowing in a footlocker for 43 years, the work was never completely out of mind, recalled on occasions when some special item caught ear or eye.
Great works of art, literature, science, and philosophy were produced by what Pericles referred to as the “school of Hellas.”
This result is different from the work of other researchers who found that ambient temperatures significantly affected readings at various sites in infants [ 57 ] and various temperature levels in adults [ 52 ] .
We are struggling with a circle of concepts involving work, constraint, constraint construction, propagating work, measurements, couplings, energy, records, matter, processes, events, information, and organization.
What kind of work does Goodwill do?
The Blair Witch Project is more Niagara Falls than Heart of the Andes . The reason it's so scary is that it feels so real, even though, being a work of supernaturalism, it breaks all the rules of so-called reality.
The Palazzo Bianco (number 11) makes a handsome setting for Genoa’s most important art collection, mostly the work of Genoese painters: Cambiaso, Strozzi, and Magnasco, as well as works by Pontormo and Palma il Vecchio, and the Flemish school — Rubens, Gérard David, and Van Dyck.
, unpublished work).
Only future work with randomly chosen structural genes will overcome this source of bias.
If you would like to introduce our work to anyone who might be interested in helping us during this financial crisis, I am readily available to speak with him or her by phone or in person.
Some of the best writers complain that their best work is the result of monumental mental effort and many painful rewritings.
Straw work can be bought from small workshops in people’s homes or from the better quality straw vendors in Nassau.
Additionally, the mutant confirms previous work that the two known LcrG functions (secretion blocking and LcrV interaction) are genetically separable [ 5 ] . Further experiments will more precisely delineate the region of LcrG required to block the type III secretion apparatus.
No work cycle is performed.
Bring us a candidate autonomous agent, and we can ask of it: Do you reproduce yourself and carry out at least one thermodynamic work cycle?
It does, in fact, measure, detect, and record sources of energy and does do work to construct constraints on the release of energy, which when released in the constrained way, propagates to do more work, often constructing further constraints on the release of energy or doing work by driving further nonspontaneous processes.
Unlike the alchemy of Newton’s time, Walter’s works.
Our results demonstrate first and most important that autonomous agents operating displaced from equilibrium and utilizing a work cycle can be more eYcient at using the available free energy coming into the total system in reproducing hexamer DNA than in the absence of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer DNA system to the PP and electron-photon work cycle system.
And if more complexity and diversity means more comeasurement and faster decoherence of a wider variety of complex quantum systems, in analogy with the concept that extracting work from increasingly subtle nonequilibrium systems requires increasingly subtle measuring and coupling devices, the universe as a whole may persistently break symmetries as new entities come into existence, and hence expand its diversity, complexity, and classicity as fast as possible.
Physicists have an answer  work is force acting through distance  given by a single number, or scalar, representing the sum of the force acting through the distance.
This brief historical survey highlights not only the crucial developments that still undergird these industries but also the systems and work practices from an earlier era that no longer match today’s competitive requirements.
Run in the reverse direction, the Carnot engine uses mechanical work to pump heat from the cool reservoir, T2, to the hot reservoir, T1, making T2 cooler.
An alternative to isolation of the autocatalytic and work cycle molecular species within a bounding volume is the confinement of such reacting species to a surface.
Because assembly operations are driven more by labor costs than capital-intensive equipment, a typical American sewing factory operates just a single shift a day, with an average of about thirty-seven hours of work per week.
It is precisely this point, that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences, to which I appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and, therefore, were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection.
It does not achieve a work cycle.
If the American people are understood as a nation including the dead and the unborn, then no single generation can undo the work of the past or renege on its implicit promise to the future.
So we will come to a terribly important circle, work is the constrained release of energy, but it often takes work to construct the constraints.
In those cases, the work done to construct constraints is, in fact, another coupling of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes.
His great achievement and comprehensive work, Hispanic Culture in the Southwest, was published in 1979, one year after his death.
I suspect that the concept of an autonomous agent as an autocatalytic system carrying out one or more work cycles defines life.
After exploring Maxwell’s demon, I will ask a physicist’s question, What is work?
I made a new distinction between measurements the demon might make that reveal features of nonequilibrium systems that can be used to extract work, and measurements he might make of the nonequilibrium system that cannot be used to extract work.
Second, it achieves a closure in a set of propagating work tasks by which it completes the construction of a rough copy of itself.
Now in order to return the Carnot engine to its initial state, 1 (in Figure 3.2), such that the working gas can again expand and do mechanical work on the piston, work must be done on the engine to bring the piston back up to its position near the head of the cylinder and to recompress and reheat the working gas so that its temperature and pressure values, or state, correspond to state 1. If the work done on the Carnot engine simply retraced the exact pathway from step 3 to step 2 to step 1, at least as much work would have to be done on the Carnot engine as the engine released in the power stroke in going from 1 to 2 to 3. If so, no net work would be carried out by the Carnot engine on the external world.
Lee had done the majority of the work, but had taken very seriously my concern that one cannot finitely prestate the configuration space of a biosphere.
Américo Paredes’s life work was an attempt to understand lo Mexicano of the Chicano experience through folklore, in the text of narratives and in the context of folk performances.
So we came to the reasonable conclusion that a biosphere of autonomous agents is a self-consistently self-constructing whole, in which agents, ways of making a living, and ways of searching for how to make a living all work together to coconstruct the biosphere.
His commercial work included a newspaper office building in Athens, Georgia, a new entrance for Bergdorf Goodman on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, and a flagship store for Tommy Hilfiger in Beverly Hills.
In any specific case of work done, some direction of application of force is specified in three-dimensional space, some actual direction of motion of the mass is specified in three-dimensional space, and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the force does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction.
In this case, sewing operators achieve production-line balance by moving from one workstation to another advancing the work smoothly through the line.
Atkins defines work as “the constrained release of energy.”
We have visited a top-of-the-line men’s suit plant in Sweden where a special order would go through the plant in four working days, rather than the normal six weeks, just by allowing the work to go to the head of the work buffer at each sewing station.
But to avoid this, there is always work waiting; for example, in a men’s dress-shirt factory there can be a day’s worth at each sewing station.
First, the early work of Stuart Pimm and Mack Post, done in the late s: They were concerned with community assembly of organisms into a local ecosystem (Figure .).
At equilibrium the system can do no work.
Run backward, the system is not an autonomous agent, for it does not reproduce itself and perform a work cycle.
In a nonequilibrium setting, the measurements can be stored and used to extract work from the measured system.
The Consumers’ League, organized in 1899, adopted a voluntary label to be attached to garments made by manufacturers that abided by labor standards—that is, they obeyed state factory laws, manufactured on their premises, employed no children under 16, and used no overtime work.
What is most important about the concept of rascuache is that it captures a propensity or an aesthetic, according to Ybarra-Frausto, to persevere and make whatever one possesses, or has at hand, work well together.
But I am going to move on to the recent ideas of Bruce Sawhill and Tim Keitt, which build on the work of physicist Scott Kirkpatrick.
These useful measurements participate together with the coming into existence of devices that extract work used to build further measurement and work extraction structures, in the gradual buildup of the diversity of structures and processes of a biosphere, a geosphere, a galaxy, or a universe.
In the Carnot cycle, completion of the work cycle involved the cylinder piston system doing exergonic work on the external world during the power stroke, then the outside world doing work on the cylinder piston system when you pushed on the piston to recompress the working gas.
such that work manages to happen.
The work cycle began with the piston near the top of the cylinder, the working gas hot and compressed.
These roughly suce, together with the hot gas compressed in the cylinder head, for work to happen as the hot gas expands and pushes on the piston.
There is a sense in which classical objects are like the constraints on the release of energy that permits work to be done.
In the 1930s, writers employed by the Works Progress Administration (WPA) as part of Roosevelt’s New Deal collected many cuentos and legends about witches from the people of northern New Mexico, and many beliefs expressed then are still held today.
Where did all this come from, this measuring of useful displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted, the devices coupling to such measurements, and the extraction of work used to build up new kinds of devices that measure new kinds of displacements from equilibrium to extract work in new ways?
An old priest dies, but the villagers believe he was unable to complete all his work because his spirit frequently returns.
Those who do it are called enjarradoras, and today they continue this work, also making adobe hornos (ovens) and fireplaces for the International Museum of Folk Art located in Santa Fe.
As historic preservation and adaptive reuse demonstrate, you can shop in a renovated warehouse, do office work in a converted loft, or live in a barn.
Computerized design systems collapse the time needed to explore new design ideas into hours of work, rather than the traditional work time of days or weeks.
And now,” concludes Maxwell with a broad smile, “we can use the macroscopic temperature dierence between the left and right boxes to extract mechanical work, say, by driving a piston.”
Thanks to lots of work, I can now calculate the probability of any outcome in the finitely prestated space of possible outcomes.
The Bible, after all, was one of Lincoln’s favorite books—along with the works of Shakespeare and Aesop’s Fables.
This volte face gave rise to the so-called Brutalist style, which had a worldwide influence, shaping the work of architects as dissimilar as James Stirling and Paul Rudolph, and ultimately opening the door to Postmodern stylistic experiments such as Charles Moore’s little house in the Berkeley hills.
Note that a very simple, compact description has captured these features of the nonequilibrium system, and work can be extracted as the gas system flows to equilibrium.
We have visited a top-of-the-line men’s suit plant in Sweden where a special order would go through the plant in four working days, rather than the normal six weeks, just by allowing the work to go to the head of the work buffer at each sewing station.
Not good enough, I shall say, to assert that in principle, work can be extracted.
In turn, that work may drive nonspontaneous processes to create still more complex molecular species or other entities in the adjacent possible.
Only certain features of a nonequilibrium system will, upon measurement, reveal a displacement from equilibrium that can actually be used to extract work.
We carry on an odd mixture of historical analysis of the actual branching pathways of evolution; a dollop of theory about evolutionary landscapes, molecular evolution and coevolution, and ecosystems; and a lot of detailed experimental work to understand how actual creatures develop, how their life cycles unfold, how they assemble into ecosystems, and so forth.
In its swimming, it is carrying out one or more thermodynamic work cycles.
The Quad was designed by the Philadelphia firm of Walter Cope and John Stewardson, whose work at the University of Pennsylvania, Princeton, and Bryn Mawr was largely responsible for the popularity of so-called Collegiate Gothic.
As you do this work on the piston, the compressing gas tends to heat up.
To support these activities, the apparel labor unions created in their national offices industrial engineering departments to seek improvement in work practices and experiences.
In particular, in order to understand agents we will have to carry out a critique of the physicist’s concept of “work,” as in a work cycle, for the best understanding of “work” appears to be that work is the constrained release of energy.
Perhaps some enhanced category theory that includes closures of work tasks, measurements, and records, as well as catalysis, is part of what an adequate formalization of “autonomous agent” may be.
Our results demonstrate first and most important that autonomous agents operating displaced from equilibrium and utilizing a work cycle can be more eYcient at using the available free energy coming into the total system in reproducing hexamer DNA than in the absence of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer DNA system to the PP and electron-photon work cycle system.
Let’s take a second look at work.
The main conclusion to draw from our simulation is that autonomous agents coupling one or more autocatalytic and work cycles are a perfectly reasonable, if novel, form of nonequilibrium, open chemical reaction network.
Propagating Work
Meanwhile, experimental work assembling communities of real organisms shows much the same results.
Apparel: From Home Work to Modern Manufacture
Both unions also sought to standardize wages by setting piece rates for assembly work.
In turn, this led to the fact that work itself is often used to construct constraints on the release of energy that then constitutes further work.
For the moment, I want to focus on the concept of a closure in a set of propagating “work tasks.”
The point of this trick is that it requires less work to compress a gas that remains cool than one that heats up.
Our work also draws on numerous case studies of individual enterprises and data gathered at site visits.
We do, in blunt fact, link spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes in richly webbed pathways of interaction that achieve reproduction and the persistent work cycles by which we act on the world.
The biosphere does achieve persistent measuring of displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted and does discover “devices” to couple to those energy sources such that work can be extracted.
The central point of the demon is that by making measurements on a system, the information gained can be used to extract work.
But it will turn out that in any specific case of work, the specific process is organized in some specific way.
Does the autonomous agent work?
This incentive system means that each operator needs to have work-in-process waiting; if there is a machine breakdown or no work waiting, then the operator will be paid at some average earnings rate during the waiting period.
Following an eVort to understand what an autonomous agent might be = which, as just noted, involves the concept of work cycles = I was led to the concepts of work itself, constraints, and work as the constrained release of energy.
A utility operator skilled in several operations might be brought over from another area to move work past the slow sewing station.
However, my insistence that an autonomous agent carries out a work cycle refines the generally understood concept of a metabolism to include the requirement that the metabolism carries out a work cycle.
Work is, says Atkins, a “thing.”
Hispanic women have always been involved in creative and artistic work in New Mexico even up until contemporary times.
In chapter 10, borrowing on joint work with quantum gravity scholar and friend, Lee Smolin, I will suggest that if we cannot prestate the configuration space of a universe then “time” is real and necessary, and that the way a universe constructs itself may have analogies to the way a biosphere constructs itself.
20 In other words, the amount of money spent by an average consumer per garment fell over this period, reflecting in part more casual workplaces, which allow people to spend less on clothing for work, and intense price competition.
First, a useless feature of a nonequilibrium system with respect to extraction of work may be recorded.
These useful measurements participate together with the coming into existence of devices that extract work used to build further measurement and work extraction structures, in the gradual buildup of the diversity of structures and processes of a biosphere, a geosphere, a galaxy, or a universe.
Work
But in turn Szilard estimated the amount of work that must be done by the demon to discriminate that the gas particle is faster or slower than average.
Work cycles cannot occur at equilibrium.
Work is the constrained release of energy.
The know-how is, in these terms, nothing but another view of the propagating closures of catalysis, work tasks, sensing, recording, and acting that we now recognize as inherent in the doings of autonomous agents.
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work.
At Goodwill, it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day:
You have helped make Goodwill's work possible with your previous support.
For several years he performed packaging and clerical work.
We need your help in continuing the work of Jameson Camp.
I obviously can't tell the whole story of MCCOY in a single letter but I hope this provides an overview of the scope of our work.
The placement of these two pieces is a PR triumph, but one carrying the seeds of its own destruction: If people know all this work is going into making Paula Jones seem a certain someone, doesn't that just make it obvious that she's really somebody else?
The city was now under the more tolerant rule of the Persians, but rebuilding was slow work.
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book, recently published in Britain, that is typical of the harsher brand of such works.
From the standpoint of language, Ventris's work was more important, particularly because it filled in a gap in our knowledge of the early states of Indo-European languages.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language . One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
It is divided into eighteen chapters varying in length, each dealing with a different aspect of the authors and their works, among them,
6Although this view is named after the 19th century economist David Ricardo who first explored the possible relationship, the seminal work on this theory is Robert Barro, "Are Government Bonds Net Wealth?"
He knew there is no authentic self, as there is no God, as ther is no deep reality, as Niels Bohr used to tell him.l But it was hard work to remember there is no authentic, and his political comrades and their revolutionary project had helped keep all that at only barking distance.
There is nothing hilarious or mirthful, however, about the Yiddish Guide . To the very contrary: it brings forth a deep sense of sadness because what was supposed to be a serious attempt at facilitating the Census count, a sort of “first aid” assistance in answering the Census Form, looks like the work of a child who took several pages from a Yiddish book, cut them up with his plastic scissors into tiny pieces of various shapes and sizes and then playfully pasted them together.
Underwood said one lawyer working full-time for a legal services group can accomplish as much as 20 lawyers doing part-time pro bono work on a similar case.
Popiel Jonah Melville XXIII, their current AnteDiluvian (water-bearer of the prophetic seal), has initated a new phase of the Great Work in Manistique, Michigan, where an indoor EvergladeLand scientific center and tourist attraction is being built.
And they also fulfill the basic mandate of literary analysis, which is to illuminate the works they discuss: To return to Verdi's Aida , Conrad's Heart of Darkness , or Kipling's Kim after reading Said on them is to find them richer, stranger, and more complicated than you had ever imagined.
My name is Ahmed Oedipus Ben Maas," he says, "and for me, 'work' is something other than labor…The artisan lives his work as a relation of symbolic exchange, abolishing the definition of himself as 'laborer' and the object as 'product of his labor.
One of the many benefits of this finely tuned work is not only that meanings, but shades of meaning are made clear, especially helpful for actors, directors, and students.
Changing participants from any of the organizations involved in reviewing the design can disrupt the work flow and threaten the stability of good teaming relationships.
My name is Ahmed Oedipus Ben Maas," he says, "and for me, 'work' is something other than labor…The artisan lives his work as a relation of symbolic exchange, abolishing the definition of himself as 'laborer' and the object as 'product of his labor.
Carlson contends that Diana was more successful for her causes than Hillary has been for hers, even though Diana was clearly less committed to her charity work than to her jet-setting lifestyle.
In the absence of an audit report, auditors should also write a memorandum for the record that summarizes the results of the work to the date of termination and explains why the audit was terminated.
Neddy is not convinced; he is at work modifying and lowering electric dryers for wipe-with-your-hands countries.
To put this in perspective, imagine that we could all agree to take an hour off from work this week.
The Port of New York offered a critical test because, given the diversity of imports and the volume of work, if problems were occurring, they would be likely to show up clearly in this site.
"Above all," Karen adds, lighting two of her cigarettes in the red gash of her mouth, "artisanal work is, according to etymology, 'demiurge.
Yes, he's a good Catholic boy, but he's also schooled in the works of that very bad Catholic boy, John Waters.
The variables initially included in the model were perceived risk of a smallpox attack, region, main work area, profession, age, gender, presence or absence of children ≤ 18 years old at home, self-assessed previous vaccination status, self-assessed level of knowledge about smallpox vaccination, and how well one had read the vaccine information sheet.
To David L. Gold's comments [XVIII, 1] on Leslie Dunkling's review of A Dictionary of Surnames [XVII, 4, 11] I would like to add one remark: not only is the list of the author's personal acknowledgments far longer than their bibliography of printed sources consulted (as Gold notes), but even if a certain work appears in the bibliography, that does not necessarily mean they relied on it.
Previous work by Cohen et al.
It must take active work to look at the tree: the reception of minimal sensory input is necessary not sufficient by itself to arouse attention, our eye-brain-minds select which datum is to be enriched through concentration.
The Nation 's Katha Pollitt takes Putnam's very example, the shift from league bowling to ad hoc bowling, and suggests that "[that] story could be told as one of happy progress from a drink-sodden night of spouse-avoidance with the same old faces from work to temperate and spontaneous fun with one's intimate friends and family."
His proposal, rather than bringing the field together, can lead to fragmentation within the small group of researchers who are doing work in this area.
Mobe has some work to do there, so he and Ferd have to fly.
Auditors should use professional judgment in determining the type of assignment to be performed and the standards that apply to the work; establishing the scope of work; selecting the methodology; determining the type and amount of evidence to be gathered; and choosing the tests and procedures for their work.
And we're always traveling anyway--it's our work.
Depends on the work.
This large body of work has been performed exclusively on bacteria grown planktonically.
As women and children all work, there will be no idlers, all will earn more than they consume.
Either way, Smith's work, unlike Kusama's, seems locked into its time.
I have detailed evidence that work is a puzzling concept.
I hope that you agree that the Indianapolis Zoological Society enhances this community and helps to make it a safe and happy environment for people to live, work and raise families.
My European friends always marvel at how hard Americans work, even those who already have plenty of money.
The owner will feign amazement at such an insultingly low price, and discourse at length on the quality of the work, but will eventually suggest a lower price.
Auditors are expected to comply with these requirements if they apply to the type of work being performed.
Consequently it was easy to assign unexplainable natural phenomena to the work of witches, and these beliefs have persisted over hundreds of years.
For several years he performed packaging and clerical work.
The World's Writing Systems is an essential addition to the library of anyone interested in or involved in any of the myriad aspects of language, both as a fascinating browsing book and as an important reference work.
Below Jesus’ feet is a Latin in­scription that suggests that the tympanum was the work of one man, Gislebertus (Gilbert).
The movie Mi Vida Loca (My Crazy Life) depicts the work that goes into customizing a pickup truck.
Everyone benefits from the work we do together.
Random House's Modern Library chased the idea a few months later with its own list of the 100 best works of fiction of the century, and next month it promises to name the 100 best works of nonfiction . Last month, the Freedom Forum's Newseum compiled a roster of the 100 top stories of the century , and this week New York University's journalism department pegged the century's 100 best works of American journalism .
Only the giant portal, 5.5 m (18 ft) tall, was in place when work stopped, but it gives an indication of how immense the whole task would have been.
In general, the concept of "annotation consensus" is very important in this work (for example consensus between subtree-neighbors, or between subtree-neighbors and orthologs).
The universe as a whole  from galaxies to planetary systems, and certainly our and any other biospheres  is filled with entities that measure displacements from equilibrium that are sources of energy, those entities actually do extract work.
But before you decide to join us, let me tell you more about our work and our achievements.
Cameron deliberately excludes some of the more familiar work which is available elsewhere.
On the second floor are heavy timbered ceilings and walls covered with works of art, mostly of religious or royal significance.
Previous computational work has been devoted to identifying putative binding sites for transcription factors.
So we can straightforwardly state that a cell completes a set of propagating work tasks such that it builds a copy of itself by linking spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes in constrained ways.
I'd be glad to respond to any questions you might have about our work.
The WP coverage of the presidential press conference--accompanied by a picture of a pugnacious double-fisted Clinton--reports that he dismissed allegations about his character as the work of organized foes "unable to counter his ideas or record," but acknowledged that seven years of their attacks have diminished his personal standing with the American people.
For nearly 900 years, it was left in ruins, and not until 1910 did the slow work of excavation begin.
6.10 Providing continuing attention to significant findings and recommendations is important to ensure the benefits of audit work are realized.
This is a simple displacement from equilibrium, and a simple device, the mica flake, will be made to quake, hence, extract mechanical work.
Your support for our work would be greatly appreciated.
At work, I am often pestered for details about "the woman."
These work hours are apportioned among city delivery carrier route types on the basis of cost allocations from the In-Office Cost System,b an ongoing work sampling system that is used to allocate costs for certain labor crafts among different activities and rate categories for ratemaking purposes.
I have emphasized the role of you and the red handle in carrying us through the work cycle.
You have helped make Goodwill's work possible with your previous support.
Amid some evidence of a press backlash against the princess--top Sun columnist Richard Littlejohn last week called her "a flawed, privileged young woman who filled in time between exotic holidays and shopping for clothes by putting in a bit of work for high-profile charities"--an opinion poll published Monday in the same newspaper said half of Britain is still in mourning for her.
In addition to Tàpies’s work, the Fundació has interesting rotating international exhibits, but at least half the reason to visit is to see the gorgeous 1880 Domènech i Montaner building that houses the museum (one of the first examples of modernisme) and Tàpies’s whimsical, tangled wire sculpture (called “Cloud and Chair”) on the roof.
They adopt formal mechanisms and structures that facilitate the ability of their businesses and information technology and management leaders to understand and communicate one another«s issues and work together to accomplish a shared business vision.
Building on work of Astekar and his colleagues, Rovelli and Smolin proceeded directly from general relativity along somewhat familiar pathways of canonical quantization.
Please consider joining together with your fellow citizens in support of the work of the Marion County Commission on Youth.
Other reviewers place Fagles' work in the same league as Fitzgerald's and Lattimore's classic translations.
People were drawn to the new capital like bees to a honey-pot, and throughout the 19th century the dispossessed of the economically floundering Aegean islands flocked here to find work.
Indeed, in recent internal budget battles within LSC, projects essential to the creation of world class delivery systems- such as the development of a new measurement system to measure our work and the work of our grantees in terms of outcomes for clients and projects to ensure that the delivery system is inclusive and multi-culturally competent-were summarily removed from the first drafts of the budget by the staff who prepare the budget.
Let’s return to the Carnot cycle, where I had you pushing and pulling on the handle and on the piston itself during the work cycle.
In our community, there is a partnership that pulls together every year to meet urgent needs, and helps ensure that central Indiana continues to be a good place to live, work and do business - the partnership between businesses like yours, United Way of Central Indiana, and its family of 82 human service agencies.
Even the worst work demands from you the admission that at least the artists are authentic.
The Senawati Gallery of Art By Women, on Jalan Sriwedari, off Jalan Rayal in Ubud, houses a very worthwhile collection of paintings by local and expatriate women artists, as well as a gallery that promotes the sale of their work.
When GAO initiates work at an agency, the agency can expect GAO to designate a primary point of contact who will be available throughout the engagement to respond to the agency's requests for information on the status of work and to any concerns about the work's scope or approach.
Following an eVort to understand what an autonomous agent might be = which, as just noted, involves the concept of work cycles = I was led to the concepts of work itself, constraints, and work as the constrained release of energy.
Quite simply, very few organizations do more (or more important) work to save the balance and beauty of nature plus the acquisition and maintenance of wildlife sanctuaries all over America.
The New Yorker 's Adam Gopnik says the "Venice Biennale" is overpopulated by "[a]ging Pop artists, years removed from their best work (Jim Dine, Claes Oldenburg), [who] sit alongside ...
Homer wrote his epic works on Chios; and lyrical poetry was much admired, particularly the work of the poets Archilochos on Paros and Sappho on Lesvos.
These general standards provide the underlying framework that is critical in effectively applying the field work and reporting standards described in the following chapters, in performing the detailed work associated with the assignment, and in preparing related reports and other products.
It was in this work that Paredes proposed his theory of the production of Chicano folklore, and especially the border ballad, as a result of a process of border conflict generated by the invasion of Anglo culture and values into the Texas region in the early nineteenth century.
So our work must continue.
Are the "common man and woman" capable of responding to works of complexity?
The decision was made to import a work force from West Africa, resulting in some 600,000 slaves being transported to Jamaica over the next few decades.
The aims of this work were to determine the developmental profile of the mouse iridocorneal angle to its mature form and to assess the role of cell death in modeling the angle recess and TM.
If mutation, recombination, and selection only work well on certain kinds of fitness landscapes, yet most organisms are sexual, and hence use recombination, and all organisms use mutation as a search mechanism, where did these well-wrought fitness landscapes come from, such that evolution manages to produce the fancy stuV around us?
The most important way to express that approval is through a financial contribution to support the work of the International Committee.
Her fiancé, François, a petit bourgeois in behavior, though considering himself the crème de la créme, is aide-de-camp to a general and has the rank of lieutenant, fancies himself as a raconteur and littérateur (having published a pastiche of vers libres and a catalogue raisonné of the works of Oliver North, which was hailed as a chef d'oeuvre), though his ambition is to be a Grand Prix driver.
There is some exquisite work to be found, but be aware that with a decline in basket-making throughout the Bahamas, an increasing number of articles are imported from the Far East; most of these are at the cheaper end of the scale.
The planners were told that their plan was "non-responsive to the issues identified in LSC Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6 and in need of major work."
It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced.
Publication of the work or registration with the U.S.
Drag yourself away to see his other work here, the Madonna di Ca’ Pesaro (left nave), in which St. Peter presents the Mary to the Pesaro, a wealthy local family.
Legal work management and supervision systems are always on the table when LSC staff conduct an on-site program quality review.
Then more work was done to compress and heat the gas by pushing on the piston from the outside.
People here at the school have asked for the opportunity to support students and recognize his good work by participating in the Steven L. Bricker Scholarship Endowment.
At least we'd get a more vivid idea of how justice works.
Originally, most legal-aid work was funded by Congress through the Legal Services Corp.
Because there is an absolute zero, and the extraction of work via the use of heat dierences, as in the Carnot cycle, requires dumping heat from a hotter to a colder reservoir, such “work cycles” require an ever colder sink and are bound to arrest at absolute zero.
It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
For those who can't wait until the fall release date of our book Dow 36,000 and want to start thinking through these issues, check out the Spring 1995 issue of the journal Contemporary Accounting Research , which provides a number of valuable review articles of the some of the relevant academic work.
The smiths can produce any style: from intricate filigree work to simple bracelets.
For testimony based on new work, regardless of whether it is a preliminary or final product, GAO will, consistent with professional auditing standards, hold an exit conference with agency officials before the written testimony is completed to (1) validate the accuracy of data gathered and (2) discuss the implications that flow from the data.
Will you kindly use and return the enclosed envelope, and assure us of your enthusiastic participation in the continuation of the excellent work of the American Cancer Society.
The reader doesn't know what such claims say about the Army because he or she doesn't know the corresponding numbers for the same claims in other lines of work.
But today both classical and modern works are presented.
We are struggling with a circle of concepts involving work, constraint, constraint construction, propagating work, measurements, couplings, energy, records, matter, processes, events, information, and organization.
Not only have we had the highest enrollment ever for the past two years, but the Gallery is exhibiting some of the most exciting work in its history.
How the Iowa Electronic Markets Work
Works such as Raphael’s Bridgewater Madonna, a Rembrandt Self-Portrait, and Velázquez’s Old Woman Cooking Eggs are only three from a collection that includes pieces by Titian, Van Dyck, Rubens, Constable, Turner, and Vermeer.
If the objectives of the work to be performed change significantly or if the location of the work needs to be modified, GAO will notify the agency-designated central liaison or primary point of contact of these changes.
An example of such a device is a windmill pivoting to face the wind, then extracting work by the wind turning its vanes.
In addition to the dental instruction provided students will be introduced to the objectives of community health centers, with particular emphasis on the work of People's Health Center.
Such a move had, indeed, taken place many years before Philip Gove's editorship of the MW-III and is evidenced in such works as the Merriam-Webster Collegiate, Webster's New World, and American College dictionaries, among others.
The Baroque interior has impressive 16th-century tapestries, inlaid wooden choir stalls, and beautiful intarsia work at the altar rail.
For example, the financial services corporation provided competitive pay based on surveys of industry pay levels, attempted to maintain a challenging work environment, and provided flexible work schedules and telecommuting opportunities that allowed most of the staff to work at home 1 day a week.
Establish a zero tolerance standard for discrimination, harassment, and hostile work environments.
Similarly, we have conducted a number of reviews of State's visa function over the years and, based on our work, we believe that there are a number of areas in which the visa function can be strengthened.
The purpose of the present work was to quantify and analyze the frequencies of HLA-A and -B phenotypes and haplotypes in index cases with CVID and IgGSD in central Alabama who presented because they had increased frequency or severity of infections, and to compare the present results to those of control subjects in this geographic area.
The site of origin of these cells in the olfactory placode, as well as the time course and migratory route along the olfactory nerve (ON) and into the forebrain are well documented [ 11 12 13 14 ] . Previous work in the laboratory has shown that olfactory axons emerge from the olfactory epithelium at stage 18 and are first joined by glia [ 15 ] and GnRH neurons [ 16 ] at stage 21.
Among other resources, the Guide contains a sample letter introducing the program to the review process, a comprehensive list of items to request prior to a visit; a simplified work form to capture information while on site; a model work plan, a form to help determine the quality of the legal work and suggestions for conducting personal interviews.
Because of the aging workforce and because of the anticipated demand for work at power plants, the union has made it an objective to have at least 28,000 members in the construction division by 2005, or at least a 5.3 percent annual growth rate.
Note 2: In our work, all CBO budget projections were converted from a fiscal year to a calendar year basis.
However, pioneering work by Nagy et al has shown that embryos and mice can be derived directly from R1 ES cells by aggregating them with tetraploid embryos [ 7 8 ] . This suggests that controlled expression of transgenes encoding possible gain-of-function and developmental-lethal alleles could be achieved by generating embryos and/or mice from ES cells containing transgenes inserted into the hprt locus.
They incur less overtime and the rural carrier work force has a higher proportion of casual employees.
Recent work has shown that the Bcl-2 family regulates mitochondrial homeostasis during apoptosis [ 1 ] . Pro-apoptotic members, including Bax, Bak, Bid, and Bim, promote the release of death-inducing proteins, such as cytochrome c [ 2 3 ] , smac [ 4 ] , and endonuclease G [ 5 ] , from mitochondria while anti-apoptotic members, such as Bcl-2 and Bcl-X L , inhibit this release.
NSAIDs work, at least in part, by inhibiting cyclo-oxygenase, the enzyme that converts arachidonic acid to prostaglandins.
In groundbreaking work, an intrinsic “cryptic” deubiquitinating activity that is sensitive to metal chelators has been reported for the proteasome, in addition to “classic” cysteine protease behavior (Verma et al.
More work needs to be done on determining the ability of dengue replicons to express other potential immunogens, including HIV-1 gag, tat (reviewed in 41) and env genes with deleted hypervariable regions [see [ 42 ] ]. Animal studies in our lab are currently being initiated to determine the nature of the immune response such vectors can induce in mice and these studies will presumably need to be extended to primates.
Although we attempted to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study, we recognize that more work in this area remains to be done, including a more in-depth study of individual practices.
In the context of the work presented in this paper, this means that if a particular A-pocket mutation is functional for translational repression in combination with a lesion in half-site A, it must affect half site B where, from previous genetic and structural mapping, we know it interacts with A-10.
In shifting much of the pre-cleaning work to in-line aqueous cleaning, the company greatly reduced potential worker exposure to methylene chloride.
Earlier, Blackburn and co-workers made "supercharged" methane-trisphosphonic acid AppppA analogs containing a central carbon from which three adenylate or phosphate moieties are bonded [ 15 ] . In work presented here, tripodal inhibitors 15a and 17a showed, respectively, micromolar and submicromolar efficacies while the phosphorothioate counterparts 15b and 17b showed 100 nM efficacy.
To effectively support the Congress, GAO must be professional, objective, fact-based, nonpartisan, nonideological, fair, and balanced in all its work.
Combining Joint Work with Stronger Management
8 Paragraphs 7.25 through 7.27 discuss relying on the work of others.
education and training enhance the knowledge and skills of a nation's work force-the nation's human capital-and R&D can spur technological improvement.
Because we have learned over the years that premier delivery systems have two primary legs upon which they ultimately stand or fall - healthy and vibrant LSC-funded programs and healthy and vibrant state justice communities to which all LSC- funded programs belong - we will present our work in this third report in terms of our activities to promote healthy programs and healthy state justice communities.
In 2002, our reviews resulted in LSC recommending modifications in several programs' legal work management and supervision systems.
In our work we found that the adoption of Mediterranean diet seems to be associated with a considerable reduction of acute coronary events (i.e.
Approval must be granted for overtime before the work has been performed when feasible and, when not feasible, as soon as possible after the work has been performed.
Examples of this bread-and-butter work include highly contentious custody disputes, cases involving sub-standard housing and loss of shelter, and the loss of disability and other health benefits, to name a few.
Building on our previously published work on the Canadian costs of major macrovascular complications of diabetes [ 12 ] , the aim of this paper is to provide key pieces of that complex economic puzzle.
In effect, the potential exists to achieve the sortation without doing the work; but if the discount is not offered, none of the benefit will be realized.
perform their work in this manner and comply with GAGAS in reporting the results, their work can lead to improved government management, decision-making, and oversight, and can assist in fulfilling the government's duty to be accountable to the public.
The element AACA was found to be over represented among grain-filling genes in earlier work by Zhu et al.
Bowsher continued the emphasis on personnel improvement, strengthening the recruitment of people with diverse professional backgrounds and providing them with improved tools and work incentives.
You can consider the data sufficiently reliable when you conclude the following: On the basis of the additional work, as well as the initial assessment work, using the data would not weaken the analysis nor lead to an incorrect or unintentional message.
Develop a scope of work that clearly and accurately defines the owner's expectations regarding facility cost, schedule, performance, and quality.
DGCr2 clone sequences were screened for transposable element sequences, cases of co-ligation, and presence of a poly(A) tail before any finishing work was ordered.
The work that we do is the purest form of expression of the core values of all of the major faith traditions."
The study strengths include a rich, descriptive case study approach useful in understanding, in detail, source reduction as a hazard control technique, including practical limitations, potential for missed opportunities to improve the work environment, unintended consequences, future directions for preventive approaches, and research needs.
Exceptionbased T&A systems, as the name implies, require pay period recording of arrival and departure times only if material variances11 from preestablished work schedules occur.
Recent work has shown that the genes responsible for embryonic induction of skeletal tissue are also involved in fracture healing.
We believe we have found a way round this by building the desired constraints into the program components that work with the database; we are also investigating the use of ontologies or controlled vocabularies to enforce these constraints.
GAO conducts its investigations-which involve allegations of serious wrongdoing that may involve potential violations of criminal law-and its testing of the security of agencies' systems, controls, and property in accordance with standards established by the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency as adapted for GAO's work.
The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Environmental Protection Agency is Peter Guerrero, Director, Environmental Protection Issues.
Stephens, Charlotte S., The Nature of Information Technology Managerial Work: The Work Life of Five Chief Information Officers (Quorum Books, Westport, Connecticut, 1995).
Participants shared experiences about these transformations and acknowledged the benefits of reconfiguration, as programs complete the critical work of reorganization.
, unpublished work).
Moreover, when compared to data from our previously published work analyzing genes that show either peripheral or foveal enrichment in libraries taken from the same individual at
In the case of C. muridarum, the mechanism does not necessarily involve blocking the induction of indoleamine dioxygenase and thereby preventing depletion of host tryptophan, in view of some experimental work with the MoPn/mouse model system.
A big part of legal aid's success depends on pro bono, or free, work by lawyers.
There was an elderly woman who had some plumbing work done to her home and the work was not up to standards and the cost was above what it should have been ...
Haploid MDN1(HA) clones for subsequent work were derived from tetrads that had yielded 4 viable spores with the anticipated mixture of genotypes.
Since legal services people often think of themselves as "progressives" who don't need further education on issues of inclusion, making diversity work within programs is not easy and requires the support and the guidance of committed leaders.
GCN2 of yeast and mammals is a known sensor of amino acid starvation and regulates cellular responses to such starvation [ 24 25 ] . Using degenerate primers and PCR and database searching identified two GCN2-like genes in Dictyostelium , ifkA and ifkB . Thinking that one or both of these genes may play a role in sensing amino acid starvation and in initiating development, we carried out the work described herein to examine their functions.
This 'round-robin' procedure was employed, in duplicate, in every trial described throughout this work.
"I realized with a shock that the work had really disintegrated and we had lost a whole generation of public-interest lawyers," she said. "
Hudson County was one of the first to do that kind of work, though not to the extent that Passaic does," says Hudson Legal Aid Director Tim Madden.
The cDNA array has a long history of development [ 3 ] stemming from immunodiagnostic work in the 1980s; however, it has been most widely developed in recent years by Stanford University (California) researchers depositing cDNA tags onto glass slides, or chips, with precise robotic printers [ 4 ] . Labeled cDNA fragments are then hybridized to the tags on the chip, scanned, and differences in mRNA between samples identified and visualized using a variation of the red/green matrix originally introduced by Eisen and colleagues [ 5 ] . The light-generated oligonucleotide array, developed by Affymetrix, Inc. (Santa Clara, CA), involves synthesizing short 25-mer oligonucleotide probes directly onto a glass slide using photolithographic masks [ 6 7 ] . Sample processing includes the production of labeled cRNA, hybridization to a microarray, and quantification of the obtained signal after laser scanning.
These executive-level meetings will help build an understanding of key and emerging issues; provide an opportunity to discuss GAO's short- and long-term work plans, as well as the general working relationship between GAO and the agency, including the agency's use of GAO's work; and facilitate the discussion of issues associated with particular work.
The network designed for sharing information, and the work of the FBI through local Joint Terrorism Task Forces, should build a reciprocal relationship, in which state and local agents understand what information they are looking for and, in return, receive some of the information being developed about what is happening, or may happen, in their communities.
For example, the procurement process in a processbased federal organization would start when a solicitation is issued, continue through contract award and signature, as well as the issuance of purchase/work orders and receipt of goods, and end when the vendor properly received payment.
Due to these previously reported weaknesses and findings resulting from our ongoing work, in February 1997, we designated information security as a new governmentwide high-risk issue.
If the results of such work is current, auditors may be able to rely on that work.
Work presented here indicates that storage lipid breakdown is significantly delayed in germinating Arabidopsis seeds exposed to exogenous glucose.
The matters reports allow OPP, for the first time, to learn about the type and volume of grantee work that does not constitute "cases."
There was an elderly woman who had some plumbing work done to her home and the work was not up to standards and the cost was above what it should have been ...
Future work will determine the relative contributions of these two classes of receptors in the biological effects of III1-C.
Another posting stated "there is a tremendous amount of pro bono work done at BIGLAW (large law firms) in civil rights matters.
The CIO and decision-making authorities decide what type of work is appropriate to outsource and what type of work is best performed internally.
In this work we seek only to make the distributions similar to each other whatever those distributions may be.
"We're entering a time of reduced funding for much of our work, but we just got an increase in our domestic violence funding, and we are working closely with the seven domestic-violence programs within our service area," he said.
! Pro se assistance empowers people to help themselves and makes our court system work better.
My goal is to understand how the cell works.
Throughout fiscal year 2000, I conducted a number of telecasts to all agency staff to discuss GAO's strategic plan and congressional protocols, client service, employee survey results, initiatives to enhance the agency's human capital programs and legislative proposals, work processes, organizational alignment, information technology, and other areas of interest to the staff.
Our work at IRS was done at the Wage and Investment Division in IRS' headquarters in Washington, D.C., and at the Accounts Management, Submissions Processing, and Compliance branches at the Ogden, UT, Service Center.
They divided up the work."
The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration, is William Scanlon, Director, Health Financing and Public Health Issues.
Such experimental work is rare in tropical forests, where observation and description still predominate.
That question has engaged my curiosity since the late 1970s, when English auditory physicist David Kemp first put a microphone to an ear and discovered the telltale sounds of the cochlea at work (Kemp 1978).
We focused primarily on the management framework that these organizations had established rather than on the specific controls that they had chosen, because previous audit work had identified security management as an underlying problem at federal agencies.
These executive-level meetings will help build an understanding of key and emerging issues; provide an opportunity to discuss GAO's short- and long-term work plans, as well as the general working relationship between GAO and the agency, including the agency's use of GAO's work; and facilitate the discussion of issues associated with particular work.
The AICPA standards and GAGAS require that the work is to be properly planned, and auditors should consider audit risk and materiality, among other matters, in determining the nature, timing, and extent of auditing procedures and in evaluating the results of those procedures.
There are no experimental structures for GshAs, but recent work suggests that GshAs are homologs of glutamine synthetases [ 57].
Analysis of biophores #1, #2 (#4, #5) showed that both of them occur in substituted 5-[4-(benzyloxy) phenyl]-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-(3H)-ones and their analogs (Figure 1), many of which are known to be strong MAO-B inhibitors [ 9 ] . Biophore #2 represents a flexible -CH 2 O- bridge between aryl moieties and was found to enhance the activity and selectivity of the inhibitors as shown in the original work [ 9 ] . Biophores #1 and #2 include aromatic moieties, whose main function is presumably to bind to the hydrophobic site of MAO.
ES oversaw the work of AL and RS.
In addition, our work demonstrates that although β-tubulin class III is a marker for aggressive neuroendocrine tumors [ 36 64 ] , it is not a significant biomarker in breast tumors.
Her work has been in substance abuse prevention in schools, where she encountered many social and legal beliefs that ran counter to her prevention education efforts.
The current work represents a neat approach to understanding the emergence of complexity.
But the legal-aid groups don't know how to spread the word about the positive benefits of their work.
The only difference between Rust and the present case is that the former involved "distortion" of (that is to say, refusal to subsidize) the normal work of doctors, and the latter involves "distortion" of (that is to say, refusal to subsidize) the normal work of lawyers.
The valuation of Work Loss Days presented in our national benefits summaries, however, incorporates county-specific adjustment factors to account for variations in regional income.
Employees who work at alternative work sites should have a written agreement with their supervisors stipulating, among other items, the period of time the agreement is in effect, days in which the employee will work at the alternative site, work assignments and performance, work schedule, and time and attendance.
PLoS Medicine is and will stay a work in progress, and we want to consult with as many people as possible, both before the launch and as PLoS Medicine evolves.
OPP staff work with grantees to enhance the quality of their work through ongoing contact, through LSC's Library Resource Initiative (see section IV), and through program visits.
source of the work; • objectives or key questions of the work;
"The bottom line is America's law school graduates are drowning in debt and shut out of public service at a time when the federal government is facing losses of over half its work force due to retirements," said Max Stier, president and chief executive of the Partnership for Public Service.
There are indications, however, that Emery is losing money, that the Postal Service is spending more than if it had done the work itself, and that there has not been a significant improvement in delivery performance.
Bailey received the award for his three years of volunteer work at Indiana Pro Bono Commission.
What kind of work does Goodwill do?
Just like the impact Goodwill's work has on our community.
So our work must continue.
Their successes at work also saved taxpayers more than three-quarters of a million dollars in public assistance.
With this in mind, I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $50, $100 or even $1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances.
Please consider joining together with your fellow citizens in support of the work of the Marion County Commission on Youth.
The President tasked principals to go beyond their pre-9/11 work and develop a strategy to eliminate terrorists and punish those who support them.
I mean, whatever works.
The work in question offers nothing regarding language, so its review here is ancillary to the main function of VERBATIM.
But only rarely did they collaborate and, with few exceptions, their work was not correlated in a systematic way.
All of which is to say that the book is an interesting work on the language and contains accurate, though longwinded information about what it covers, “interesting and useful facts about American English.”
In America, work proceeded space during the 1930s, largely under the direction of Raven McDavid, Hans Kurath, and, later, Harold Allen; more recently, Lee Pedersen and others have investigated American English dialects.
He did not speak to reporters in Jordan, but he told The Associated Press before leaving the United States that he hopes to "separate the humanitarian work from the political issues."
The Scottish arts were in the ascendant, with novelist Sir Walter Scott creating such works as Rob Roy and Ivanhoe and poet Robert Burns composing his epic poetry.
The important work we do with community-based organizations, schools and churches is only limited by the financial resources we're able to raise.
In 1892 a millionaire, Abbot Kinney, planned construction of a replica of Venice here, but shortly after work started, oil was discovered and the idea was abandoned.
What feature of the total gas system was measured and detected such that work could be extracted?
His work as Dean for Student Affairs is legendary.
I will suggest in a later chapter when we consider the evolution of novelties that there is no finite prespecification for the work tasks, measurements, records, and catalytic tasks that might constitute autonomous agents.
Besides the incredible work with African elephants, we also contribute to the conservation of rare iguanas.
The energy, once released, constitutes work that propagates to carry out more work, building more constraints on the release of energy, which when released constitutes work that propagates further.
With this in mind, I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $50, $100 or even $1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances.
The whole exhibit makes you appreciate the work of the ferry pilots who guide ships in and out of the treacherous reefs surrounding Bermuda.
A very good description of the foods prepared by Tucson’s Mexican restaurants is provided in the work of Suzanne Myal.
As members of your graduating class, we appreciate the hard work that has made your degree possible.
The recently installed grouping of sea fantasy sculptures by Mexican master Alejandro Colunga regularly attracts a crowd — sitting on, climbing over, or simply gazing upon these whimsical works of art.
Marianne Stoller writes of the work of New Mexican women artists and why they have been left out of history.
That is why we have just introduced an exciting new program called Leadership Works.
Michelangelo’s greatest work here is reserved for two minor members of the family, Lorenzo’s grandson, Lorenzo the Duke of Urbino, portrayed as a pensive Roman soldier above two allegorical figures of Dawn (female) and Dusk (male), and his son, Giuliano the Duke of Nemours, more warrior-like above figures of Night (female) and Day (male).
Although these developments are very much a work in progress, information-integrated channels of production and distribution are emerging.
When Jerry was released from prison, he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life.
Most famous of the high temples of this art is, of course, Milan’s La Scala (see page 151), showcasing the works of Verdi, Bellini, Rossini, Puccini, and others.
I have tentatively defined an autonomous agent as a self-reproducing system that carries out at least one work cycle.
Joe's tremendous growth in these basic skills is the result of his own hard work, and the care and nurturing of his tutors.
The British extended their control over the peninsula by putting together the whole panoply of colonial administration — civil service, public works, judiciary force, police force, post office, education, and land regulation — with teams of British administrators, teachers, engineers, and doctors to go with it.
The work propagating in a cell achieves a “closure” in a set of propagating work tasks such that the cell literally constructs a rough copy of itself.
We need your help in continuing the work of Jameson Camp.
Its foundation may date back to the third century, but the present structure is the work of Pope Innocent II, himself a Trasteverino, around 1140.
Such work often comes to be used to construct further detectors of energy sources and entities that harbor constraints on the release of energy, which when released constitutes work that constructs still further sources of energy and constraints on its release.
He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new-found skills in a burgeoning industry. "
In four galleries you can see the work of the Europeans who were so influential, as well as that of the finest local artists.
I hope you will take this opportunity to make a contribution to support SEND's homeownership work.
Resuming a tradition of classical Rome in his work at Versailles, André Le Nôtre used the paths and avenues of trees and statuary to divide flowerbeds, ponds, and fountain basins into intricate geometric patterns.
The claims coming next are not my own work, but derive from fine eorts by ecologists Stuart Pimm, Mack Post, and more recently, Bruce Sawhill and Tim Keitt, making use of work by physicist Scott Kirkpatrick and his colleagues.
00 tax-deductible contribution to the work of SEND.
There are question marks however: the weapon is more than twice as heavy as the M-16 it would replace, and it's not clear if its complex works are really combat-hardy.
Several people at one time can sit inside and watch the city at work.
NSIAD is using the findings in this way, as part of its ongoing work on bilateral initiatives.
Because there is an absolute zero, and the extraction of work via the use of heat dierences, as in the Carnot cycle, requires dumping heat from a hotter to a colder reservoir, such “work cycles” require an ever colder sink and are bound to arrest at absolute zero.
The work the IRT does with teachers and students has a profound impact on their lives.
In praising John Frankenheimer's earlier works, Ross is much too gripped by a childish auteuristic fascination with the technical aspects of what are very minor works.
The museum was created in 1967 to house works of classical modernism, thanks to a legacy of Karl Schmidt-Rottluff, a member of the Expressionist group Die Brücke which worked in Dresden from 1905 to 1913.
Our work and that of others show the presence of GABAergic profiles in the direct vicinity of LPTC dendrites.
Therefore, at a suciently low temperature such that the system can flow to and remain at a ground state, the NNNSNSSSN antiferromagnet is displaced from its lowest-energy equilibrium state, and in principle, work could be extracted from this system as it relaxes to one of the two lowest-energy states.
The Bricker Scholarship will provide support for students engaged in graduate and post-graduate work in the diagnostic sciences at our dental school.
The announcement was buried in the president's weekly radio address of Dec. 4. After boasting, "We've changed the culture of welfare from one that fostered dependence to one that honors and rewards work," Clinton unveiled three new "high-performance bonuses"--extra money that will be used as a carrot to induce states to do certain things.
, thoroughness, appropriate use of investigative techniques, impartiality, objectivity, protection of individual rights, and timeliness) in the performance of their work.
A UPS is a mechanical overhead transport system that moves a unit of clothing from one work station to the next.
Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work.
He constructed this image during his confused Paris years, 1886-88, when he tried out various Impressionist styles and, except for his self-portraits, produced work that looks half-baked.
Although these are now completed, further renovation and work on an extension are underway.
Born and educated in Indonesia, Hambali moved to Malaysia in the early 1980s to find work.
There is plenty of energy in the random motions of the gas particles, but there is no means to extract mechanical work from it, say, to drive a piston.
Although these advances are encouraging, our work is far from complete.
For the most part, despite the occasional campaigning for linguistic liberalism (aimed, obviously, at 20th- and, presumably, 21st-century readers), what emerges is an engaging picture of concerned speakers of English, some of them pedants trying to establish (or preserve) some purity in the language, the remainder readers of the works published by the former in the shape of grammars, usage guides, pronunciation guides, spellers, etc.
On Rua General Alberta da Silveira, the tiny chapel Igreja de Santo António, an exuberant gilt Baroque work and one of the Algarve’s finest churches, was rebuilt soon after the earthquake.
This ligand had been described as a mixed agonist-antagonist opioid ligand [ 30 31 ] with agonistic activity at κ opioid receptors [ 32 ] . Overall very little work has been done on xorphanol and little is known about it except that it is an orally active analgesic with limited physical dependence liability [ 30 ] . Thus the present report describing its activity at δ opioid receptors provides useful data on this ligand.
Most important, it typically takes work itself to construct the constraints on the release of energy that then constitutes work.
80% of participants will report doing community service work on survey.
They funded the Modern Art Museum, just to the north of the main square, which features the work of a selection of European modernist painters.
His classic work, With His Pistol in His Hand: A Border Ballad and Its Hero, first published in 1958, has become a standard work in Chicano studies and American folklore.
Together with those who were already donors, there are over 1,350 staff and faculty supporting the work of IUPUI with their gifts.
It seems that the authors enjoyed their labors, and they have produced a work which I consider a valuable, useful addition to anyone's library.
Around the start of the 20th century many of these works of art were removed to Catalan museums from churches that were deteriorating or abandoned, thus saving them from further damage or being sold out of the country.
Our work indicates there is probably a more dominant non-cultivable microbial community in the Antarctic soil compared to the Idaho soil, since DNA analysis indicated high numbers of microorganisms that were not reflected in viable count data.
Her folkloric work is extremely important because she wrote about women and how their complicated and elaborate daily work so profoundly maintained the culture and traditions of the Hispanos.
This group of works establishes the IMA as the leading American museum featuring art of the Pont-Aven School.
In this scenario, Texaco ends up with an all-white work force, but no harm is done to anybody: Blacks who would have worked at Texaco end up in equally desirable jobs at Exxon; Texaco stockholders who would have profited from the wisdom of black executives end up profiting from the equal wisdom of white executives.
Here the works of such Western sculptors as Moore, Arp, Calder, and Giacometti share the garden space with those of Shimizu Takashi, Takamura Kotaro, and other Japanese artists.
Hamilton, How Congress Works, p.
Now in order to return the Carnot engine to its initial state, 1 (in Figure 3.2), such that the working gas can again expand and do mechanical work on the piston, work must be done on the engine to bring the piston back up to its position near the head of the cylinder and to recompress and reheat the working gas so that its temperature and pressure values, or state, correspond to state 1. If the work done on the Carnot engine simply retraced the exact pathway from step 3 to step 2 to step 1, at least as much work would have to be done on the Carnot engine as the engine released in the power stroke in going from 1 to 2 to 3. If so, no net work would be carried out by the Carnot engine on the external world.
They need individual support to attend conferences, present papers, publish their works, and keep in touch with others in their fields across the country.
Neither Simon nor Lyons likes Irish playwright Sebastian Barry's work ( Steward is one of five dramas about his own kinfolk), however.
The museum is the brainchild of Luis Ferré, industrialist and onetime governor of Puerto Rico, who has put great effort into bringing works of art to the town.
The annotation of the heterochromatic portion of the Drosophila genome described here is a work in progress.
In the Carnot cycle, completion of the work cycle involved the cylinder piston system doing exergonic work on the external world during the power stroke, then the outside world doing work on the cylinder piston system when you pushed on the piston to recompress the working gas.
Upon entering the work force, he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities.
Arthur is a reputable and significant scholar whose work is indeed having influence in the field of industrial organization and in particular public policy toward antitrust policy in high-tech industries.
Athens strained to accommodate many of them and a rash of building work saw the erection of the first faceless utilitarian suburbs that now surround the downtown area.
Strain F2/5 was chosen as the recipient of the TFX genes in this work because it is an avirulent strain that expresses a biological control phenotype on only one host.
The work goes on.
I once almost did two years in jail for publishing the work of Robert Crumb.
The Italian works include a Fra Angelico Virgin and Child, Vero­nese’s Supper at Simon’s House, and Pollaiuolo’s Tobias and the Archangel.
The output was parsed and displayed in the graphical program Parasight (Jeff Bailey, unpublished work), which allows for the visual identification of duplicated sequences (Figure 4).
Although many apparel manufacturers do have in-house designers, most of the work of garment design comes in adjusting previous -patterns or small elements of existing garments—say, the trim or the fabric—and is more a matter of technical creation than a flight of fancy.
Then, watch as your investment is used to help make central Indiana a better community in which to live, work and prosper.
This one caught my eye, not only because of the ridiculous picture of him on the front, but also the numerous pages of incompetent work.
Look for the work of I Gusti Nyoman Lempad, one of the first artists to adopt Western techniques and bring the flat wayang figures of traditional painting to life.
Corporate lawyers whose transactional work seldom takes them inside a live courtroom full of emotional, frightened civilians and testy judges may feel like fish out of water in the great sea of pro bono work: divorce and child custody issues, landlord-tenant suits, workers' compensation and Social Security claims.
Cells do achieve propagating work.
Our work is possible only because of caring members like you.
Can you match your favorite stars of television, movies, music, and Olympic competition with the playwright whose work each graces?
The Sala Capitular (Chap­­ter House) is a strangely oriental room with an intricate ceiling in the style called mudéjar (the work of Muslims performed for Christians after the Reconquest).
The business CIOs work together to determine how IT can be used to reach customers across business lines.
My colleagues Steven Harris, Bruce Sawhill, and Andrew Wuensche, and I have carried out work over the past several years that has analyzed actual gene regulatory rules for eukaryotic genes drawn from a variety of eukaryotic organisms  yeast, Drosophila, maize, mouse, and so forth.
I obviously can't tell the whole story of MCCOY in a single letter but I hope this provides an overview of the scope of our work.
Because many of those languages have never even possessed alphabets, let alone dictionaries, the SIL translators are doing some of the most important linguistic work in the world.
The pale pink stone house is unassuming, but the interior tells of the plight of slaves on the islands and of the positive work that was undertaken in the years following emancipation.
Mulberry bears different sex types, i.e., male, female and bisexual flowers on the same plant (monoecious) or on different plants (dioecious), with expression of sex often depending on several physiological and biochemical factors [ 4 ] . Mulberry genotypes have been evaluated with respect to many parameters but very little work has been done on characterization of mulberry DNA.
In short, there appears to be some positive relationship between the diversity and complexity of structures or processes and the diversity and complexity of the features of a nonequilibrium system, which can be detected and measured by the detecting structure to identify a source of energy, then couple to the source of energy and actually extract work.
Co-sponsored by the National Association for Community Leadership, the program is designed to help volunteer leaders learn fund raising skills and better appreciate their work as part of our philanthropic tradition.
More likely with an artist of Lucas' intellect and attention span is that her work is a mock homage to the cast mattresses of Rachel Whiteread--as her chum Tracy Emin's resin-cast urinals, exhibited in New York earlier this year, are a mock homage to Whiteread, via Duchamp.
When the solutions don’t work (as they often don’t) the whole process starts over again.
Major changes can involve redesigning work processes, changing work rules, developing new job descriptions, establishing new work hours, or making other changes to the work environment that are of particular concern to employees' unions.
In particular, in order to understand agents we will have to carry out a critique of the physicist’s concept of “work,” as in a work cycle, for the best understanding of “work” appears to be that work is the constrained release of energy.
I am sure you will understand my writing to you once more about the important work of the American Cancer Society.
Several priceless frescoes were severely damaged or destroyed, notably invaluable works by Cimabue (1226–1337) featured on a portion of the Upper Church’s vaulted ceiling, which plunged to the floor during the quakes.
But most of his work is done outside the courtroom and over the telephone with administrators of state programs, including Medicaid, and with landlords.
Thus, whatever the demon’s eorts, there remain the issues of just what features of a nonequilibrium system the demon must measure such that work can be extracted, how the demon knows to measure those features rather than other useless features, and how, once measured, couplings come into existence in the universe that actually extract work.
Restoration of the Oldfields Estate, the Museum's largest work of art, progresses.
Yesterday's Los Angeles Times ran a story under the headline "Paula Jones Works on Her Court Appearance," which, illustrated by pictures of Jones, was all about the various looks she's had since stepping on the public stage.
Small shops and outdoor markets across the country feature intricate works of gold and silver, handpainted ceramics, and classic wool rugs.
Notification of Ongoing Work
The oscillation of PP from high concentration to low concentration then back to high concentration during the work cycle is analogous to the expansion and recompression oscillation of the working gas in the Carnot engine’s work cycle.
In addition to funding work in cardiovascular medicine, the campaign will support initiatives in cancer, pediatrics, genetics, as well as increasing scholarship assistance and the School's endowment.
For those whose taste leans towards post-industrial landscapes, just a little way beyond Kerameikós — across Odós Pireos — is the old gas works of Gazi, which has been converted into the Museum of Industrial Architecture.
The exterior is beautifully decorated with typical sebka design work.
An impressive private collection it certainly is, but there are those who have criticized it as an ostentatious collection of minor works by major artists.
An Edokko craftsman would rather lose a commission than take any guff from a customer who doesn’t know good work when he sees it.
These vibrant masterpieces, as well as other excellent works from the Portuguese school of the same period, belonged to Funchal’s wealthy sugar merchants, who during the 16th century traded their “white gold” for principal art treasures of the day.
There are artists at work in its studios, and recent works can be purchased in the gift shop.
The work, which was commissioned by the company for its barracks, is remarkable for its lack of formality and very different from the accepted style of the day.
Performances of musical works are regularly held in Cochin’s neighboring town of Ernakulam.
The largest cathedral in France, it is celebrated for its statues and bas-reliefs and the oak carving of the 110 choir stalls, the work of great 16th-century cabinet-makers.
Although its collection was depleted both by Hitler’s assault on Entartete Kunst (degenerate art) and the ravages of war, the museum, which has undergone extensive renovations, has some interesting German works of the 19th and 20th centuries: Blechen, Waldmüller, Slevogt, Liebermann (The Flax Workers and portraits of Wilhelm von Bode and Richard Strauss).
The sophisticated Art Deco styling of Quartier 206, home to some very exclusive designer boutiques, is the work of Americans Pen, Cobb, Freed, and Partners.
Tram rides — although this is the normal method which most Amsterdammers use to get to and from work, it is an unusual transportation method for most of the rest of us.
The cathedral’s original architect is unknown, but Pierre de Montreuil (who was involved in the building of Sainte-Chapelle) was responsible for a large part of the 13th-century work.
Works include those by Picasso, Marcel Duchamp, Magritte, Kandinsky, and Klee, but it is known above all for Jackson Pollock, Mark Rothko, and Robert Motherwell.
The city was now under the more tolerant rule of the Persians, but rebuilding was slow work.
The impression of Sir George Somers on Ordnance Island in St. George’s is his most noted work, but he also accepts commissions to produce beautiful life-sized models and smaller pieces.
The collection is varied but most visitors come to see the works of the Dutch masters.
Many individual craftspeople work in the Lake District, and as you wander you’ll find signs leading you to their studios in converted barns and other outbuildings.
Also on display are outstanding works by Dürer, Botticelli, and Rembrandt.
Consecrated in 1147, 16 years before the church of St-Germain-des-Prés (see page 58), it is a significant work of early Gothic, belied by its 18th-century façade.
With a ground plan the size of the Greek Parthenon and a structure half as tall again, this was the work of the eighth-century Deccan king Krishna I. In the process of shaping the temple and its shrines in an area 82 m (265 ft) long and some 47 m (150 ft) wide, leaving the back “wall” of the courtyard 30 m (97 ft) high, an amazing 200,000 tons of rock were cut away from the face of the hill.
After 900 b.c., wandering bands of Celts entered the peninsula from northern Europe, and brought to the area their knowledge of bronze and iron work.
During the day the duty-free shops in this Mediterranean-style shopping village tempt shoppers with jewelry, clothing, and perfume; colorful wooden huts house craft stalls selling straw work and carvings.
In St. George’s, the Bridge House Art Gallery and Craft Shop (on King Street) has a range of work and represents over 25 artists.
The hunters lured the moose with a birchbark “horn” imitating the female call, and if that didn’t work, they poured water from a birchbark receptacle into a pond to reproduce the sound of the female urinating.
This work of characteristic elegant simplicity was completed in 1968, a year before the architect’s death.
Both carry an excellent selection of literature, general books, books on Ireland, and the works of Irish writers.
In Kota Bharu or Kuala Terengganu, take a guided kampung tour to see the craftsmen at work — you’ll often find that you can get their products at a better price than in town.
The town’s Art Gallery (Wilspencer Place, south of Fort Street) has works of the English Impressionist Walter Sickert, French watercolorist Eugène Boudin, and Dutch landscape-painter of the 17th century, Adriaen van de Velde.
The home of many impressive works of classical antiquity, the Near East, Islam, and the Orient, the museum is named after its most prized possession: the gigantic Pergamon Altar (2nd century b.c.).
Vasari’s greatest architectural work, it is now the home of one of the world’s most famous and important art galleries.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow water work, giving you the chance to try out the basic techniques before you decide to do the full open water course.
The Malla period saw completion of Nepal’s most important palaces, temples, and works of art.
Rembrandt was a prolific teacher and his pupils produced work so similar to his that in later years many were initially mistaken for the great artist’s work.
Other important works include the English school of Reynolds, Turner, Gainsborough, and Romney, and Canadian paintings by Tom Thomson, Emily Carr, and Cornelius Krieghoff.
Exhibitions at the major galleries also promote the work of up and coming younger artists as well as established names.
Local master artist Tintoretto (1518–1594) won a competition to create for the hall some 50 paintings (the largest collection of his work anywhere) over a period of 23 years, a series comparable in grandeur to Giotto’s frescoes in Padua’s Scrovegni Chapel or Florence’s Brancacci chapel by Masaccio.
The Seminole Indians of Red Bay on Andros are said to produce the finest work on the Bahamas, though each island has its own individual patterns and differences in style.
Plans are in place to turn the house into a museum charting the life and works of this extraordinary man.
After centuries of devastation by war, fire, plunder, and sheer neglect, the meticulous restoration work by the Québec provincial government has been a major act of faith in the cultural legacy of New France, reinforcing the provincial motto “Je me souviens.”
Here you’re encouraged to make your own discoveries, compare the work of different cultures around the world, and just admire the sheer wealth of allegedly “primitive” creativity.
Both the Andrews Lane Theatre and the River­bank Theatre (at Mer­chant’s Quay) show inter­na­tional contemporary work.
The Museu Cau Ferrat is installed in the house of the painter Santiago Rusiñol (1861–1931), whose collection of works by El Greco, Casas, Picasso, and others is on display, along with many of his own works.
As its name suggests, Oude Kerk is the earliest Parish church in Amsterdam; work began on it at the start of the 13th century when Amstelredamme was only just starting as a trading town.
In the 19th-century section, look for the imposing, if rather severe, classical portraits of Antoine-Sébastien Plamondon (1802–1895) and the markedly gentler works of his Québécois student and rival Théophile Hamel (1817–1870).
That figure has now passed 10 million and is still growing, swollen by a steady influx of people from rural areas looking for work (more than half the population was born in the provinces).
The star feature of this collection of Canadian artists is the outstanding work of Emily Carr (1871–1945).
If you want to be sure of getting genuine Bahamian straw work, buy from places such as The Plait Lady, who has a shop on Bay Street in Nassau; you’ll have to pay a little more but you’ll be sure you’re getting an authentic handmade work of art.
By contrast, the nearby Centro de Arte Canario is bright and modern, exhibiting the works of some of the finest living Canarian artists.
Next door to the theater is The World of Beatrix Potter, an exhibition that provides a comprehensive introduction to the woman and her work.
Exhibitions at the major galleries also promote the work of up and coming younger artists as well as established names.
You can also find instructors to give sailing lessons, as well as all kinds of boat excursions on which a skipper and crew do the work while you relax.
The Khedive Ismael had extravagant plans for numerous great works that were to be financed by Western European powers, but when he became stuck in a financial quagmire, they insisted on bringing in their own advisors to control key institutions.
Entering the park from St. Stephen’s Green North you will come across the Wolfe Tone memorial opposite the famous Shelbourne Hotel (1824), and behind it a work entitled Famine, both by sculptor Edward Delaney.
Until recently, there was little for ordinary mortals who lacked a yacht, but now there are sailing fleets waiting to be hired either bare (for qualified sailors) or with a crew to do the work for you.
Architect Raymond Moriyama has linked up the Centre’s several buildings with escalators and passageways like a series of atomic nuclei, comparable to his work on the various spaces and levels of the Metro Toronto Library.
The biggest night-on-the-town is “social Friday” (which begins after work on Friday evening and doesn’t end until breakfast time Saturday).
You’ll be able to see diamond polishers at work before you buy.
There are twenty-one in room 14, and nine in room 15, depicting the enigmatic Minoans at work and play, and their major influences — the bull, other animals, and the marine environment.
Among the paintings are superb works by Raphael, Rubens, van Dyck, and Rembrandt.
Many museums are devoted to the work of just one artist, the most fascinating of these being Musée Rodin (77 Rue de Varenne), with its lovely sculpture garden and useful children’s play area.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow-water work, giving you an opportunity to try out the basic techniques before committing yourself a full open-water course.
Some of Spain’s very best works of art are in this museum, such as the great 12th century Cristo Pantocrator from the apse of the church of Sant Climent de Taüll in the Pyrenees.
Juan de Herrera, considered the greatest Spanish architect of the age, inherited the project after another architect had only begun the work.
The center also houses other paintings of Pi­casso, as well as an opulent collection of works by Miró, Dalí, Julio González, and Juan Gris.
It holds an important collection of classical and ancient works of art of Asian and Islamic origin.
Desmond Fountain is a Bermudian sculptor whose work can be seen all over the island.
People stop in on the way home from work or in their lunch breaks; it’s such a normal part of everyday life here.
You will find a number of galleries displaying work by local and international artists in the narrow alleyways of the Évréika Quarter.
By an irony of latterday history, the old railway station was the work of Franz Schwechten, the architect who created the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, that other noble ruin (see page 31).
Both literary shrines hold readings from the masters’ works.
The stone carvings of Dazu were begun late in the ninth century during the Tang Dynasty; the work lasted well into the Southern Song period, hundreds of years later.
Also here is The Bermuda Society of Arts, a venue for local artists to display their work, and host to visiting exhibitions.
Don’t just assume that a high price guarantees original work.
Although the paintings have frequently been restored and in fact entirely replaced more than once, the work has always been done by artists from the nearby village of Kamasan, and it is likely that the designs resemble the 18th-century originals.
Among its masterpieces of international renown are The Adoration of St. Vincent, a multi-panel work attributed to the 15th-century Portuguese master, Nuno Gonçalves, and The Temptation of St. Anthony, a fantastic hallucination by Hieronymus Bosch, tempered with humor and executed with mad genius.
Opposite the Museum of Fine Arts is the Mucsarnok, or “Palace of Art” (a modern art gallery), which mounts high-quality temporary exhibitions of the work of contemporary Hungarian and foreign artists.
The artists Rembrandt, Frans Hals, Vermeer, and Paulus Potter were all working in this era, their work much in demand by the merchant classes.
The five main halls of the monastery are filled with works of art, including Buddhist sculptures, religious and landscape paintings, and examples of many schools of calligraphy.
Primitive pottery is on display — including a rather naïve clay bull with an acrobat holding one horn — and finer work such as a stone pyxis (jewelry box) incised with geometric patterns and a reclining animal.
Piero della Francesca’s celebrated Montefeltro Altarpiece (1474) is his last work.
It’s more a personal home than a museum and the works are often poorly lit and cursorily labeled.
The dazzling Village Street, West Indies, by Montréal’s James Wilson Morrice (1865–1924), is a fine work by this most celebrated of Canada’s expatriate painters.
It was reopened to the public in 1998 after 15 years of renovation work.
For example, the museum’s outstanding collections of Asian works include Japanese armor, Javanese statue gods, Thai Buddhas, and Indian elephants.
The more warmly-hued human figures are believed to be the work of Venetian mosaicists, as opposed to the more rigidly formal Byzantine figures of Palermo’s Palatine Chapel.
The last Beguine died as recently as 1971 and today, although the houses are still offered only to single women of the Christian faith, the women are not expected to undertake lay work.
In 1529 work started on a tower and royal apartments for James and his wife, Mary of Guise, which now constitute the western section and tower of the current palace.
As construction proceeded, however, the local population decided that they would rather invest their money in repairing the old church and work on the unfinished church was immediately stopped.
The vast lobby and atrium of the interior are correspondingly opulent, a dazzling play of cascade, ponds, and greenery beneath a décor of thousands of aluminum cylinders, the work of Venezuelan sculptor Jesús Raphael Soto.
The Temple Bar Gallery (Temple Bar) exhibits the work of up to 40 resident artists.
Meanwhile, Asian laborers were invited to take up the work previously carried out by the slaves; their descendants can still be found on the island, particularly around Little London in the west.
Luís Vaz de Camões (1524–1580), the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country’s golden age of discoveries, may have stayed in Macau.
Nearby is the Yokohama Museum of Art, designed by Tange Kenzo and housing works by both Western and Japanese artists, including Picasso, Braque, Kandinsky, Kishida Ryusei, and Yokoyama Taikan.
Velázquez, Murillo, and Rubens are also represented among the hundreds of works on display.
On Rua General Alberta da Silveira, the tiny chapel Igreja de Santo António, an exuberant gilt Baroque work and one of the Algarve’s finest churches, was rebuilt soon after the earthquake.
Here you’ll find an amazing range of straw work, wooden carvings, and other handicrafts.
The Musée Marmottan (2 Rue Louis-Boilly) is devoted mainly to Impres­­sion­ist paintings, with key works by Monet, Pissarro, Gauguin, and Sisley.
The British were not letting go, but a new Government of India Act two years later promised Indians real executive power at the head of provincial ministries for education, public works, health, and agriculture.
The Shanghai Arts and Crafts Research Institute is housed in a wonderful old French mansion (79 Fenyanglu) and allows visitors to view artisans at work on embroidery, paper cutting, and other crafts.
No self-respecting charro would be caught without his cinturón piteado, a tooled leather belt, decorated with piteado, a type of fine work where thin threads are sewn into the leather forming beautiful flower or geometric patterns that may even include the owner’s name.
A few of them have realized the chances of increasing the flow of tourist traffic, setting up stalls by the roadside or getting younger members of the family to bring visitors to have a look at the work going on.
Work on the cathedral, the largest Gothic church in the world and the third largest of its kind — only St. Peter’s in Rome and St. Paul’s in London are bigger — began in 1401 after the great mosque was razed.
Keeping the exterior much as it was, Italian architect Gae Aulenti adapted the interior to house many of the previously scattered works of that period, including the superb Impressionist collections formerly held in the Jeu de Paume.
At the center of the confrontation with the harsh reality of daily life is the concept of karma; that is “work” or “deed,” and the implication that the sum total of one’s acts in a previous life will determine one’s present station in life.
The Photographs Collection covers the history of the art from William Henry Fox Talbot through Eugène Atget, Walker Evans, and August Sander to the contemporary work of Diane Arbus and Paul Diamond.
Sherry learned through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the welfare system and support her family.
Real work.
Everyone benefits from the work we do together.
When Jerry was released from prison, he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life.
Recently, through a lot of hard work and alliances with organizations like yours, some steps have been taken in our community that will help young people continue to be involved in positive activities.
Your contribution will enable us to both continue and expand the good work we have begun in making Indianapolis a city famous for its commitment to youth and families.
Finally, the plan detailed a public U.S. stance: America would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat, punish those responsible for the 9/11 attacks, hold states and other actors responsible for providing sanctuary to terrorists, work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks, and avoid malice toward any people, religion, or culture.
When you say "reported" and you're talking about reporters, then I'm thinking, I have enough work in this case.
As a reference work on usage, it is far from complete: The Simon and Schuster Publicity Department could have used an entry on foreword/ forward (spelt “foreward” in the release accompanying the review copy).
The present book is extracted from the two major works that resulted from the Survey, The Linguistic Atlas of England (1978) and A Word Geography of England (1974), both under the direction of Harold Orton, aided by Sanderson and Widdowson in the latter effort.
Disability and work under the table,
And while it may be unfair that homemakers are not paid for the work they do, the upside to the deal is that they are not taxed on it, either.
While GAO's primary client is the Congress, we seek to maintain constructive working relationships with the executive branch; conduct our work in a professional, objective, and nonpartisan manner; and help improve government.
"Heavens," invoked Vyvyan, "we have to appreciate our small victories and work to expand the power of the multitude.
In the years since, Stoppard has readily indulged himself with hack work ( The Russia House ), middlebrow entertainments ( Empire of the Sun ), and pre- Shakespeare in Love house calls as a script doctor ( Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ). Andrew Lloyd Webber and Steven Spielberg recently commissioned a Cats screenplay from Stoppard.
Though the intelligence oversight panels' work was largely secret, the intelligence community's annual worldwide threat testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence was public testimony (typically followed by a closed session).
And yet they continue to ignore the important work of Foster Brooks?
Prior to developing a detailed scope of work for the study, the sponsor agencies shared information on their own design review processes and the design review processes of some private sector organizations with which they were familiar.
A year later, he is flicking, dripping, pouring, and splattering, creating medium-scale works of great beauty (though still interspersed with fits of unappealing blotchiness).
In April had come the bombing of the Murrah federal building in Oklahoma City; immediate suspicions that it had been the work of Islamists turned out to be wrong, and the bombers proved to be American antigovernment extremists named Timothy Mc Veigh and Terry Nichols.
4 Judy Grahn, She Who (excerpt) in The Work of A Common Woman (Trumansburg, NY: Crossing Press) 1978.
In reporting material fraud, illegal acts, or other noncompliance, the auditors should place their findings in proper perspective by providing a description of the objectives, scope, and methodology used to conduct the work.
They are the type used for grinding and work well for the foods the manatees eat.
are still trying, poor dears, to be outrageous" (the Washington Post ). Rachel Whiteread's work gets a sprinkling of praise, and some critics weakly contend that "the best work in the exhibition basically does what all good art should do: It makes you think" (Michael Kimmelman, the New York Times ). But the lack of enthusiasm is palpable.
Although we attempted to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study, we recognize that more work in this area remains to be done, including a more in-depth study of individual practices.
We will read from marxian and freudian commentators on queer desires and queer cultures, including contemporaries like Foucault, Butler, Bersani, Wittig, Beck Also, we examine the documentation of queer legality and criminality in such works as Times Square Red, Times Square Blue, Queer Diasporas, The Social Construction of a Gay Drug, Resentment, The Crystal Diary, and Macho Sluts.
Krens, a motorcycle enthusiast and the owner of two BMWs, contributes an utterly unpersuasive introduction to the catalog, in which he breezily declares that the distinction between the unique work of art and the mechanically produced object is now "irrelevant."
This is consistent with previous work suggesting that adaptive changes are difficult to find using the strict K a > K s criterion and that even documented cases of positive selection can be missed using this technique alone [ 6, 10, 11, 12, 13].
' We perform 'the crucial work of rupture, of social and psychological disintegration, that may be necessary to permit new forms of life to come into being.
Everyone always talks about the genius of Pat Oliphant, and he is an amazing draftsman, but he doesn't give a shit about anything, which makes his work soulless.
(ord+1) equal quadrants and the quadrant frequencies rearranged [ 12 ] . The use of quadrant to designate what is in fact a sub-unit hypercube is a consonance with the preceding work on bidimensional CGR maps [ 12 ] , where it was shown that since any number of subdivisions can be considered in a continuous domain, the density distribution becomes an order-free Markov Table that accommodates both integer and fractal memory lengths.
  The delegation to Kuala Lupur to facilitate the smuggling of a dugong to a dentist's waiting room in Sausalito is our symbolic clue:  The "Great Work" in Manistique, Michigan is not just a "Marching Molars Study" sponsored by the Fluoride Foundation of Florida, to implement dental implant research --- it is a front for stem- cell research to genetically combine MANatee genes with those of "land sharks"-- to clone aquatic (cold blooded) humans who will control global stock-markets with their sonar snout-symphonies (Disguised as dreamy melodies of whale songs.)
Now, Mundell also went on to work on--or speculate on--the supply-side effects of tax cuts, and this work was obviously important to the Reaganauts.
In addition to job-specific skills and work processes, training in teamwork and communications and encouragement and coaching through mentoring and networking can help employees adapt to new ways of working that involve changes in their roles and job expectations.
All America can offer is flex-time service work that only immigrants can afford to take.
There is a disquieting dialogue at work here, the play of color capturing the tensions of the chrysalis.
However, getting that work published requires persistence.
Two years ago in Massillon, just west ofCanton, the lone rubber glove factory in the nation shut, moving production to Malaysia and India and throwing her father out of work.
No one returning from a day at work or rushing through all the errands crammed into a weekend can imagine coping with a child's demands for distraction without recourse to the boob tube.
Whereas previous studies have focused on detection of SNPs in expressed sequence tags (ESTs) that map to locations throughout the genome for use as genetic markers, the present work searched strain-specific genomic sequence databases for coding-region SNPs underlying disease-related QTLs.
A Joshua Tree grows even in this unreal desert, cells grow, photosynthesis, the works.
Had he said “I hated him,” he would have been giving himself over to that emotion, throwing himself off balance; but the work certainly acts like a cane to prevent it.
The first floor is home to major works of art from the 19th century.
Contractual arrangements for GAGAS audits should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors' work, as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance.
It pays to measure the nonequilibrium system in the sense that those measurements specify the displacements from equilibrium that constitute energy sources that can be utilized to extract work.
Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
You can also see artisans at work on the pottery wheel, producing leather goods (such as decorated saddles and bridles) and furniture.
JW and ME made equal contributions to this work.
In a relatively short time he produced an impressive body of work that includes institutional, commercial, and residential buildings.
Our students and the public are continuing to enjoy a number of special programs, such as the Visiting Artist Program, which draws about 10 nationally known artists who present free public slide lectures about their work, the Saturday School, now in its 70th year of providing art classes for junior and senior high school students every spring and fall, and the Pre-College Program, offering art classes for recently graduated high school students who are interested in careers in the arts.
As you might expect, the plant's work force has been struck with all kinds of cancer.
There’s much — too much — to absorb in one visit, so choose particular galleries or take a Highlights Tour leaflet and pick out just a few works.
Some-times our clients are not the most agreeable in the world, but this year when I put out forms asking for pro bono work, they started coming back by fax almost immediately."
The “in principle” just above includes the idea that, having made an arbitrary choice of placement of the partition and a measurement of which side of the partition the particle is in and, hence, having detected by that arbitrary measurement the displacement from equilibrium that is a source of energy, we can afterward decide on a construction procedure that will utilize the information about the displacement from equilibrium to extract work from the measured, nonequilibrium system.
You now have the opportunity to help your school honor Dr. Phillips by contributing to an endowed professorship in his honor which will help assure continuation of his work.
Finally, it is fallacious to suggest that because society may benefit from a compromise with an evildoer, work on behalf of the evildoer is justified.
The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the Federal Communications Commission is John H. Anderson, Director of Transportation and Telecommunications Issues.
The argument of dignity begins and ends with the question whether the work reduces women to the status of objects.
The Gallery will enhance the course work and programming with its exciting array of exhibitions and related events planned for the 1991-1992 season.
In his response to my letter of Aug. 14, Paul Krugman is so determined to nail me as an economic illiterate that he loses sight of our original disagreements--and some of his own previous work.
This time-consuming work is exquisite and correspondingly expensive.
The Honorable John H. Chafee Chairman The Honorable Max Baucus Ranking Minority Member Committee on Environment and Public Works United States Senate
Carnot set about understanding the fundamentals of the extraction of mechanical work from thermal energy sources.
Restoration of the Oldfields Estate, the Museum's largest work of art, progresses.
An adulatory feature about Woody Allen marvels at his hard work and resilience, gives his side of the Soon-Yi story (her "presence is a reminder of life's bounty"), and hypes his "radiant" new movie, Everyone Says I Love You . His hapless schlub persona is revealed to be mere persona: He's actually full of confidence.
Recent work on tristetraprolin (TTP) has provided a new perspective on the regulation of TNF biosynthesis.
In the case of a nonequilibrium system, in principle, measurements of a system might pay in the sense that more work could be extracted from the system  which now becomes a provider of energy  than need be used to record and later erase the measurement.
Real work.
The researcher who did Prusiner's lab work at the University of California at San Francisco quit over the publication of Prusiner's very first prion paper in 1982, arguing that Prusiner was overinterpreting the available data to push the prion hypothesis.
Disposition of Work
Not only is work being pursued using peptides but also using RNA and DNA sequences.
One that will allow you to change pain into relief, anger into love, despair into opportunity -- and assure you that you'll be making central Indiana a better place to live, work and prosper.
He filed it away for further work and never touched it again.
It has no original works of artesanía of its own, but it still retains its historical identity as a trading port.
In a type-2 situation, the mailer/competitor achieves the workshared result but does the work in a different way from the way the postal service would do it.
I will hazard again my tentative answer, baldly now, then return to it: An autonomous agent must be an autocatalytic system able to reproduce and able to perform one or more thermodynamic work cycles.
The publication of the works of Charles S. Peirce, one of the most important scholarly editions in American letters, has been featured in the London Times Literary Supplement, the most widely read international book review in English.
Recent reports in the popular press have hinted that a name change may be in the works for South Africa, with the possible remaining of that nation as “Azania.”
The tours are rushed, and the route may vary due to restoration work.
service delivery models; and ?? Other services such as mediation and alternative dispute resolution work.
Other features, if measured, are useless with respect to revealing a displacement from equilibrium that can be used to extract work by any given specific system.
Your support is a vote of confidence in the ongoing work of the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
The Jerusalem bombing, apparently the work of two men, left 15 dead and wounded 150.
The bulk of the collection was brought together by Theo Van Gogh, who also kept over 800 letters written by his brother, which, when read in conjunction with viewing the paintings, bring life and context to the works themselves.
. In the past few years, however, work in other vertebrate and nonvertebrate chordate systems has come to play an important role in the field and has shed light on generalities and differences among chordates.
In Angustias de la Guerra, Ord’s Occurrences in Hispanic California, she describes some customs, but her work was not intended to preserve for history the way of life of the Californios.
Becky gives the "artwork" to our staff member who hangs the budding artist's work on the office door.
The owner, a member of one of Cuba’s most important families, rescued orphan girls and took them into his home — his obra pía (work of piety) that lends its name to both the house and its street.
In any such case, no work cycle is achieved.
Thank you in advance for touching a life and helping to make our community a better place to live, work and prosper.
At times, your reporters object that workfarers do "menial," unskilled, dead-end work.
In the middle, the Monument of Faith (Monument de la Foi) commemorates the work of French Catholic missionaries in North America.
The questions, tensions, and social concerns surrounding copyright and the Internet are very different for scientific and medical literature than for other kinds of easily reproducible digital works.
It is precisely this point, that the function of a part of an organism is a subset of its causal consequences, to which I appealed earlier in stating that in an autonomous agent discerning the work task done by the constrained release of energy required finding the subset of causal consequences of that work task that were functionally important to the life cycle of the autonomous agent in its environment and, therefore, were presumably selected and sustained by natural selection.
Each day you participate directly and indirectly in a search for a cure for cancer through your work with Walther Cancer Institute.
Glazer expanded on this theme in his best-known work, Beyond the Melting Pot: The Negroes, Puerto Ricans, Jews, Italians, and Irish of New York City , published in 1963 and co-authored by Daniel Patrick Moynihan.
Those familiar with the work of César Manrique (see page 30) will not need an introduction.
The 47-page report, "From Paper Chase to Money Chase: Law School Debt Diverts Road to Public Service," was sponsored by the Partnership for Public Service, Equal Justice Works and the National Association for Law Placement.
That emerging organization concerns the appearance in the evolving universe of entities measuring relevant rather than nonrelevant properties of nonequilibrium systems, by which they identify sources of energy that can perform work.
Your contribution will enable us to both continue and expand the good work we have begun in making Indianapolis a city famous for its commitment to youth and families.
But to help out people working in poorly paid jobs, Long came up with the idea of rebating their Social Security taxes as a "work bonus."
Today, the National Park Authority and the National Trust work with the Cumbria County Council and professional bodies like the Lake District Tourism and Conservation Partnership to formulate sensible plans for the future.
The correlation between use of colostrum and the attitude of the mother's sister/brother disappeared when data were adjusted for place of residence, ethnicity, work and educational level.
In short, the problem of the organization of the process in any specific case of work is hidden from view in the initial and boundary conditions of the usual statement of the physical problem.
You can find out more about our work and environmental developments on Beacon Hill at ELM' s website, www.EnvironmentalLeague.org.
High-paying technology work has displaced the civil service as the most desirable career.
Rembrandt was a prolific teacher and his pupils produced work so similar to his that in later years many were initially mistaken for the great artist’s work.
Our Office has performed work relating to this area recently, including "Health Insurance Portability: Reform Could Ensure Continued Coverage for up to 25 Million Americans" (HEHS-95-257).
It took more than fifty years from Carnot’s work to really begin to understand thermodynamics = the first law, conservation of energy; the famous and mysterious second law and its handmaiden, entropy; the third law concerning a zero temperature at which molecular motions stop = and for the invention of statistical mechanics to connect thermodynamics and Newtonian mechanics.
Hack Work, Pandering, and Omissions
Binoculars are great for isolating such works of art from their busy surroundings and for appreciating the details of craftsmanship.
This work may also include an assessment of policy alternatives, identification of risks and risk mitigation efforts, and a variety of analytical services to aid government officials in performing their responsibilities and stewardship of government resources.
Moore Ruble Yudell’s work is different.
She is a drill sergeant making me do all the work!
With the passage of time he was canonized by the guild, and his Complete Works have been annotated and organized by folk with doctorates in Shakespearian Studies.
If you should have a pair of binoculars, they will come in handy here: take a close look at the fine craftsmanship in this work of art.
Therefore, we have proposed including that latter objective in the definition of performance audits, as discussed in chapter 2, and in the presentation of field work and reporting standards, in chapters 7 and 8, applicable to the various objectives of performance audits.
Most of what I shall write in this chapter reflects my conversations and work with Lee and his colleagues, who have been wonderfully welcoming to this biologist.
Our faculty needs support in preparing exhibitions of their work for shows, for continuing education to maintain the knowledge base necessary for teaching and to meet with faculty members from other schools to exchange ideas and information at national meetings.
There's something darker at work as well.
Start in the middle, at the oldest, then work your way east before returning to the historically later caves at the western entrance.
Social class was assessed by the interviewer on the basis of the mother's answers to the socioeconomic questions, her language and appearance, the work of her partner and her area of residence (lower 150, middle 267, upper 40).
Arrow and Debreu won the Nobel Prize for their work, and won it deservedly.
That message-to-home aspect of Tocqueville's work is important in understanding its limitations.
8. Various works of Ayn Rand
Herrnstein and Murray, sounding like the souls of caution, write that "half a century of work, now amounting to hundreds of empirical and theoretical studies, permits a broad conclusion that the genetic component of IQ is unlikely to be smaller than 40 per cent or higher than 80 per cent.
Woody Allen's documentary-style film about fictional '30s jazz guitarist Emmett Ray (played by Sean Penn) is "a likable, lively little ditty" (David Ansen, Newsweek ) that doesn't add up to much, but makes for a welcome change of pace from Allen's recent work.
Does that mean that stressed-out mothers and fathers are finding better ways to balance their home and work lives?
And even if it were, there is something dishonest about marketing under Gates' signature work that is produced mainly by his assistants.
My claim was simply that Arthur applied increasing returns to high-technology markets, and that his work influenced how other economists and government officials think about these markets.
Franklin Foer's "Henry Louis Gates Jr.: The Academic as Entrepreneur" is nice about my own work, but it gets so many things wrong that it makes me feel for poor Belemjian.
Most of the country's readers of literary fiction still don't know, which is why the articles and reviews all need to cover the identical ground--revealing how you heroically rescued her papers from the moldy basement--thus making it possible for potential readers to weary of the Powell Phenomenon before they even get to her work.
Deb is blunt about why she likes the status quo, despite the stress of arranging child care: "At work I can do more of what I want.
1. Being loyal to one's mentors 2. Personal sacrifice on behalf of one's children 3. The piano accordion 4. Good speechwriting 5. Good screenwriting (in Los Angeles Times movie critic Kenneth Turan's piece attacking Titanic ) 6. The music of Andrew Lloyd Webber 7. The belief that keeping one's job rather than changing it frequently makes one's life and work more rewarding 8. Disliking television 9. Difficult poetry 10.
Does that mean no work was done or the work done was destroyed?
The Wall Street Journal 's "Work Week" column notes that for employees who like to surf the Internet at work, Tripod Inc.'s Web site has a "panic button" for use when the boss shows up.
In fine, while there is no doubt that the Companion will--and should--become a standard work on the language, one must not impute to its function anything more than its service as a guide: the English language is unimaginably vast, in its origins and history, in its literary, philosophical, psychological, social, and specialized applications, and in the descriptions of its grammar, usage, dialects, and lexicon, both historical and contemporary.
Pollard may have spied for a "friendly" country, but he did a traitor's work.
People who make God's work their own.
Most of the time people have no idea, but in the work environment, everyone eventually knows.
, Plato's Republic and Aristophanes' The Birds ). However, it is Sir Thomas More's speculative work of political science and sociology-- Utopia (from the Greek ou - `not' + topos -`place')--which became, generically, the impossibly perfect place.
The Wall Street Journal cited arguments in Eisner's defense: 1) The options represent years of work.
Without some guiding framework (even a framework troubled by more political maneuvering than MacFarquhar reported), mental-health work would be an intellectual wilderness.
"To this day I have never troubled about the ethics," he says of his work.
For scientists who want to continue this work at home, here are a few suggestions for further research:
Is the work low paid?
The life and the work are bound together by this single character trait: not so much the instinct to create as the compulsion to erase.
"Birn's and Finkelstein's essays constitute a sharp rebuttal provoked by the public's and the press's love affair with a book that casually dismisses excellent work done by others; that contains many contradictions; and that upholds dangerous myths regarding the existence of 'national characteristics.
The apartment bombing, the fourth in Russia and the third in Moscow in the past two weeks (the cumulative death total: at least 266, says the LAT ) is, report the papers, like its predecessors, widely viewed by the Russian authorities as the work of Islamic terrorists working with or sympathetic to the Chechen and Dagestan insurgencies.
On Monday night, real greatness can be found in I'll Make Me A World , the six-hour PBS documentary about the lives and works of 20 th -century black artists (Monday to Wednesday, 9 p.m.)--everyone from Louis Armstrong to Spike Lee.
States will also be freed from the hodgepodge of regulations that currently cause gaps in coverage as mothers move among home, training, and work.
Actually, it did work, for a while.
Of course, if a researcher tampers with the evidence, making a unilateral, unsupported claim or assumption that a word means something that it does not, then that does not constitute semantic change: it is what is known as dirty work at the crossroads, and M&S are indulging in a bit of mischief by suggesting that semantic change either has taken place or is taking place because they have some evidence that a certain change in usage had crept in.
And John Gay's greatest but much more light-hearted work was called The Beggar's Opera (1728), singular, not plural.
Egypt's government censors have been at work.
"Pat Buchanan, about the collected works of Simon Wiesenthal."
But often the RPH has a simulacrum of a career, the kind of work that is an excuse to spend every waking minute campaigning.
Picasso, the younger artist, was constantly trying to get Matisse's attention by showing off, stealing from his work, and rudely parodying him.
If your tastes are downmarket, you can be a purist in that department too--just buy the works of white-trash aficionados Jane and Michael Stern, all of whose dishes must be presented with the requisite ironic appurtenances, such as trays and swizzle sticks.
Years ago, when he was still a film critic, Paul Schrader wrote an evocative study of the directors Ozu, Bresson, and Dreyer that he called Transcendental Style in Cinema . How odd that the style of Schrader's new movie, Affliction , is as torturously untranscendent as a work of cinema can get.
Barry McCaffrey, has made it clear he regards the two laws as the work of deceptive and mischievous drug legalizers who have snookered a lot of otherwise right-thinking people.
General dictionaries show pronunciations, it is true, but not in the depth displayed in this work [ LPD ], rarely with its precision, and almost never with both American and British pronunciations side by side.
1," argued that the bombing was actually the work of a broader conspiracy.
Of the five top candidates, two are publicly feuding: Christopher Browning and Daniel Jonah Goldhagen, scholars whose work has focused on perpetrators and not victims.
Judith, it's been great doing this piece of work (as the button men would say) with you.
One of Gardner's missions is to apply his work to the classroom, since he believes schools are designed by people excelling in linguistic and logical-mathematical intelligences to reward people who share those intelligences.
The life's work matters less than the lifestyle.
Most critics take the opportunity to sum up Capote's career: They recall with regret that Capote spent more time schmoozing than writing, and deem his work less memorable than his social appearances, particularly at his fabled 1966 "Black and White Ball" and on the Tonight Show . Critics also chide Plimpton for rehashing, rather than investigating, old accusations, such as Capote's alleged lying and drinking problems.
I find that having Katharine Hepburn as my style icon for work clothes is an ideal solution, even though I've got a Marilyn Monroe body.
Its lesbian/bisexual (we're never told which) female subject allows Shoes to tap wider contexts of discrimination: A male protagonist wouldn't have had her access to the history of discrimination in the work place; and an infusion of color (read: race) might have narrowed the canvas, making the problem seem less pervasive than it is.
Instead of our regular class work, let's go outside under the big, old dead elm and show a filmstrip, i.e., let's quote a few highlights from Tim Weiner's dark and charming New York Times obit titled "Sidney Gottlieb, 80, Dies, Took LSD to CIA," an account of the man who ran MKUltra, a project that dosed unsuspecting Americans with hallucinogenic drugs for charity.
His most important work, The American Dictionary of the English Language, was published in 1812.
Censure for hairstyles has mostly fallen on men, since male appearance has forever mattered so much at war and work.
Gone will be the need for expensive catalogs, transparencies FedExed around the world, and multiple packing, shipping, and insurance costs as the work goes from gallery to auction house to purchaser.
Fortunately, such was the zeal of American collectors that many of Tiepolo's finest works are in American museums, including a magnificent horde at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
The big surprise is the discovery of talent in director Curtis Hanson, who was roundly drubbed for a previous film, The Hand That Rocks the Cradle . "Nothing in Hanson's previous work ...
O rientalism and Culture and Imperialism are unquestionably incendiary, but they are also permanent and exemplary works of late-20 th -century criticism, in no small part because they invite so much argument, because for all the intellectual authority they project they remain open, vulnerable, provisional.
In his Preface, Professor Greenbaum suggests that the Grammar can be used as a work of reference.
As Bown takes pains to point out, it descended largely intact from the artistic currents of the 19 th century and had its roots both in classic Western art and in much older local traditions, including the work of such Russian masters as the 15 th century monk Andrei Rublev.
Had those 60 years constituted his entire career, we could relegate him to a historical back shelf along with so many other humanistic pillars of midcentury photography, stalwarts of Life and The Family of Man whose work today primarily inspires a nagging sense of duty.
That system, the creation of the management guru W. Edwards Deming, replaces overtly bureaucratic control with self-managing work teams and an emphasis on a "common vision."
By definition, nebbishes are whiners, lacking self-confidence, generally inept, and on the losing end of social transactions--all characteristics that work against their ever achieving fame.
Bills are in the works in both houses of Congress to outlaw human cloning--a step urged on all governments by the pope himself.
I can confirm he does, for I have tried to convey the same Ionian Enchantment in my recent book How the Mind Works.
The state's new mandatory work policies, while more expensive than welfare checks, have pushed more people into the job market and fewer into poverty than had been expected.
It didn't hurt the work I was doing.
It's cheaper than going out and doing hard work or breaking original stories or investing time in doing investigative stories.
Here is an example from my own field, Jewish family names: the bibliography lists Benzion C. Kaganoff's A Dictionary of Jewish Names and Their History , but the few times this work is cited in A Dictionary of Surnames , a disclaimer follows immediately to the effect that no support could be found for Kaganoff's explanation (at the name Gordon for instance).
Some other things I'd like to touch on this week: Did the bifurcated Roosevelt White House do a disservice in providing a model for later administrations, in which poor folks and children and the lame and the halt were insidiously sentimentalized as women's work?
But I'm behind in my work.
1940: Millions of Women Enter Work Force for Lower Pay, Longer Hours; "It's the Greatest Thing Since Slavery!"
Ultimately, volunteer work benefits us at least as much as those we serve.
By contrast, the bibliography for my historical nautical dictionary already numbers close to 285 works.
For some reason, I wasn't much moved by the old One: Number 31, 1950 . But , a 15 foot long monochrome work on loan from Düsseldorf, Germany, took my breath away.
7The general issue of crediting the work of others: Gates objects most strongly to the assertion that "there is something dishonest about marketing under Gates' signature work that is produced mainly by his assistants."
The clothes do the work, the actor could be anybody.
Professional music-making works along the principle best defined by Chevy Chase when he opened Saturday Night Live 's "Weekend Update" with the portentous phrase, "Good evening.
Under the weight of these shocks, Monet took some time off from painting, then announced a bold new shift in his work, toward huge decorative panels.
"I paint my face and travel at night," he once said of his work at the coalition.
We see nerds at work, nerds at play (which is to say, at work), nerds in love, and of course some nerd humor.
It also slashed payrolls, cutting the white-collar work force in half and the blue-collar work force by almost a quarter.
The Oxford work, however, gives a great deal of useful information, largely, I imagine, because Oxford's citation files are probably more extensive than Green's.
As one who has prepared indexes of great variety, I recognize the many problems that one can encounter; still, these are not insurmountable, and there is no excuse for producing a work of some complexity without accompanying it by a thorough index.
For the next few months, in celebration of the master's 300 th birthday, New York City will host no fewer than four exhibitions devoted to Tiepolo's work and to that of his associates.
The Star asserts he had some corrective work done at the time of his knee surgery.
The work itself, alas!
Without doubt, constant intoxication of any form will hurt one's work capacity.
Studying the effects of 1980s tax policy, Bosworth and his Brookings colleague Gary Burtless found that only one group--high-income women--substantially increased their hours of work in response to lower taxes.
I, my mother, my grandmothers, and my great-grandmothers haven't been fighting for equality for the past 150 years just to have this dubious woman sweep our work under the rug.
Everybody knows that the pageant is about America's Sweetheart, the girl whose earnest desire to do good in the world and do well in her work is most purely embodied in her lovely face and perfect figure.
If we want to fund them based on a vote of how much we like and don't, then we have some work to do.
A fine goal, but the group has its work cut out for it--the most prominent Jewish woman this year pretty much fits those pejoratives to a T and the media didn't make her up: Monica Lewinsky.
A month ago, Levi's announced that it would be closing 11 of its plants and laying off one-third of its North American work force, an astounding step for a company renowned for what its CEO called "long-term brand building, corporate social responsibility, and community involvement."
In 1985, Morris received what was at the time the biggest advance ever paid for a work of serious nonfiction: $3 million.
Amerigo is from Old German Amalricus (Latinized form), from amal work + ricja rule; it was introduced into England at the time of the Norman Conquest.
As a coda to our conversation yesterday about the perils of technology run amok, see today's "Work & Family" column in the Wall Street Journal , in which "A Technology Junkie Learns To Live Life a Little Less Plugged in."
Collision with an object or person (apparently not one that's falling on you)is the third-biggest vacation killer (after drowning and lightning ); 11.2 percent of these deaths occur during recreation , though most such deaths occur at work ( 27.6 percent in a public building , on a farm ,  or in an industrial setting or a mine ; industrial settings and mines are the biggest risk here, responsible for 17.9 percent) and at home ( 23.9 percent in a home or resident institution ).
The NYT and USAT remind readers that two weeks ago Newt Gingrich urged Clinton to propose a balanced budget for 1999 and the Times remarks that "Clinton never mentions it, but a tax increase signed at great political cost by George Bush began the work of deficit reduction."
Still and all, I wonder how much of his work will survive, and whether, in a hundred years, say, anyone will read anything by Gates, in the same way we still read The Souls of Black Folk .
Drawing heavily on works in the museum's permanent collection, some of which are rarely displayed, Anderson's first attempt at a blockbuster eschews political correctness, offers no historical revisionism, and even includes work by Norman Rockwell without quotation marks.
In practice, downsizing is too often about cutting your work force while keeping your business the same, and doing so not by investments in productivity-enhancing technology, but by making people pull 80-hour weeks and bringing in temps to fill the gap.
I think it is a waste of time for a major scholar to do such hack work today, even if one could make a great deal of money doing it.
First published in Britain by Sidgwick & Jackson in 1985, this is quite an uneven work, entries running from “Arnold Bennett's choice of the twelve finest novels in the world” (which includes Torrents of Spring, Virgin Soil, On the Eve , and nine others, all Russian), to a quotation from Gershon Legman, “Murder is a crime.
A good friend, the editor of an award-winning medical journal, received his education in English in Kansas without benefit of grammar book, but rather through the reading and discussion, orally and in writing, of such works as Catch-22 .
