If NSA had been asked to try to identify these people, the agency would have started by checking its own database of earlier information from these same sources.
my impression is that people try to uh to do both if they can as tough as that is
I believe in your deposition you indicated in your day-to-day events you try to spark your children's interest in science?
Of course, that explanation works only if I care about the other bidders' opinions--say, because I think they know more than I do or because I'm trying to predict what kind of resale market I might face someday.
At 8:59, Flight 175 passenger Brian David Sweeney tried to call his wife, Julie.
Can you imagine trying to raise ten children in a two-bedroom apartment?
I begin by vitiating my assumption that one cannot prestate the configuration space of a biosphere, then try to show that the implications are that the number of potentially relevant properties is vastly hyperastronomical and that there is no way in the lifetime of the universe for any knower within the universe to enumerate, let alone work with, all the possible properties or categories and their causal consequences.
Well he's cute so," she made sure I had hangers in the dressing room and I tried on a pair of shoes and they fit, put on my tennis clothes and we were back at the court in 15 minutes.
Rothschild did what any loving wife would do in those circumstances: "I tried everything.
The WP says that Yeltsin is trying to engineer his succession by a friendly replacement because he's worried about prosecution for corruption after leaving office.
if if i started using a different computer at home then i wouldn't be using the the software and the hardware and it would be that much more difficult for me to try and market it the the product
oh yeah oh yeah our uh-huh but we're um we just got married like like December so we're going to wait a year and then we will try
Here, in Investigations, I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy, detect those sources of energy, create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy, and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further.
Try to arrive as the chapel opens or at sunset (see page 39) and make your way to the upper level, where light blazes in through 15 stained-glass windows separated by buttresses so slim that there seems to be no wall at all.
“Not only is there this 3-D structure, but there are lots of studies where people are trying to understand what drives the turning on and off of genes,” says Jones.
Yale law professor and quirky constitutional historian Bruce Ackerman, testifying before the House of Representatives in December, argued that a newly elected Congress has little authority to try an official who was impeached by the previous one.
Witness the French trying to outlaw the use of the word “cheeseburger” and other insidious harbingers of American culture.
Alynne was crazy, and speaking of my dysfunctional family, my, my brother was in love with Alynne and my brother's girlfriend wanted to kill Alynne, and Alynne was crazy and probably on Prozac, and, Alynne tries to kill herself you know, as we hear, she, she's constantly trying to kill herself, and, she contributes all her problems to the fact that my brother, I don't know, that she wasn't with my brother I guess.
when it comes to expectations on the part of members of each of the party that you try not to cross party lines on certain votes especially these days
so he's trying to get you know things fixed on it but it's just you know leak leak leak everywhere but um
Now, you could try to “fit” the data on the corn prices with the first Fourier “mode,” namely the average price.
but uh TV is something that we try to not um deliberately try not to get hung up on it like you say
yeah and and that's appropriate if the university is trying to do serious research because it's hard to be a researcher and a teacher at the same time
uh-huh i mean it's good because they they try new things you know but it's like
We tussle along the contract curve, each trying to get all the advantages of the trade.
COKIE [ Nice try, slick ] : Handguns.
She tried to return (it), but to no avail.
Don’t worry about trying to take in these views while driving, for there are many stopping places along the way where you can take photographs or simply enjoy the panorama.
Here's, I'm trying to answer some of your questions, but, and this is what I think maybe you might want to consider doing."
Step 8. Repeat Steps 5 to 7 until all k > 1 of interest have been tried.
The big bad wolf ate the grandma then she, then the big bad wolf tried to, eat red riding hood.
And, uh, we get out of the truck, and we walk about ten feet, and I, I was like, walking over logs and trying to get over to a fairly clear area, and all of a sudden, Alex just goes, "Snake!
A caustic piece reports that war has improved life in Belgrade: There are no traffic jams (because so many people have fled), and the crime rate has dropped (because all offenses are tried under martial law).
This is the minimum they are prepared to accept, and you will probably be wasting your time if you try to force them any lower.
Young adults, like Mary T., a jobless mother of three, trying desperately to keep her kids out of trouble in a crime-ridden neighborhood.
During the 1992 campaign, when Gennifer Flowers first brought Clinton's philandering to public attention, Stephanopoulos--as Clinton's chief spinner, distracter, and all-around bullshit artist--played a crucial role in discrediting Flowers and anyone else who tried to point out the truth, namely that Clinton had a disturbing zipper problem.
Not yet, but she tries to.
and you're trying to crawl out of a half unconscious sleep and answer the phone you either hear the click as soon as you say hello you hear the click of the recording coming on
yeah yeah no i i agree with you there though i mean they want to choose that particular religion then that's fine with me too you know as long as they don't try and pull me in and drag me in and and i don't like the way that they do it either
so i don't know i'm i'm not ready to buy a new car yet but i don't know if if the next time i'm going to try to
well they're trying
As a result of that, Mr. Barna and I have spent days in an effort to try to see if there was a means by which we could somehow ameliorate the problem so that, in a certain sense, everybody gets what they want.
What I've tried to do here is to say, they'll testify as to everything that appeared in those articles.
This looks artificial when you're dealing with a fact witness, but these are fact witnesses who are also reporters, and I am straining to try to find a fair way to do this.
"That is all I am trying to get a sense for.
There is that possibility of trying to elicit something sensational, but I think he was also trying to prepare for what might happen later on in the meeting since they tended to denigrate in shouting matches.
I tried another explorer, Ernest Giles.
It seems only natural that once an original language, or Ursprache , was posited, the next step was to speculate on its source, or Urheimat . That is what Renfrew has tried to do.
The attacks have intensified since the Colombian government began cracking down on the traffickers in August, trying to prevent their takeover of the country.
LSC grantees seek to increase visibility in the client community in several situations - for example, when launching new services (for example, a toll-free phone hotline), trying to reach special-needs populations (the elderly, homeless people, families reaching the end of their eligibility period for welfare, people in non-English speaking communities) or expanding services into hard-to-serve communities (for example, to small towns far from legal aid offices).
but it's the type of thing where i think we should look at some things that are working and try to use them in the cities also
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work, which will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques.
He slid into the water next to me and we bobbed up and down smiling and cruising, I trying to assure myself I was still cute and attractive, Ferd called upon to concentrate so long on one person that sexual desire snuck up on him unbidden--in fact, he would later say, unpermitted in his job as director and animator of our clump of radical patients and victims, since a sexual liaison would reduce his availability to "listen, handhold, inspire, cajole, hug, solace" the others he thought in his care.
We have not tried to embrace all of this at once before.
Among the recurring themes: his belief in the primacy of the individual over the group ("[My work] tries to reveal the extent to which each of us is responsible for his own fate") and his intense, conflicted Americanism ("I am too vindictively American, too full of hate for the hateful aspects of this country, and too possessed by the things I love here to be too long away").
And they always sit there and try to say because they want to make a link or make a point, and then they want to box us.
Instead of trying to forecast lifetime income and economic conditions in the distant future, people may use simple rules of thumb, such as saving a fixed share of their income or avoiding debt.
We maintain a kind of juggling act as we try to keep tuition costs in line.
and one of the things he's done is interview uh nursing home directors because they're looking for get this they're trying to find out ways to restrain patients
Mao’s widow, the one-time film actress Jiangqing, and her close associates (the so-called Gang of Four) were arrested, tried, and imprisoned for encouraging the excesses of the Cultural Revolution.
Our "self" tries to hold things together in the midst of ongoing chaos by assuming continuities and asserting it can and must integrate different responses to similar and even wildly divergent processes that happen to the body and the mind.
Look out your window, burrow down a foot or so, and try to establish what all the microscopic life is busy doing and building and has done for billions of years, let alone the macroscopic ecosystem of plants, herbivores, and carnivores that is slipping, sliding, hiding, hunting, bursting with flowers and leaves outside your window.
Today's Papers is a helpful service--I'm just trying to make it more helpful.
I'm trying to remember something specific.
If a patient follows all of the initial recommendations and yet the severity of his tinnitus does not improve over the course of six months, we either suggested different strategies for him to try or asked the patient to return to the clinic for re-evaluation and additional counseling.
We don't just go to the nearest fabric store and try to find the closest thing to what we want.
well no i i try
For even more fun, try the water park Kolymithres on Paros — hours of fun for all ages.
' The explanations will not particularly help in feeling better if one feels 'bad;' conversely, trying to feel 'good' will not seem to be enhanced by good explanations.
This was a model that many young men grew up -trying to emulate, but this symbol is no longer acceptable to modern American society.
Thereafter he plays a tin drum in lieu of speaking aloud and, when anyone tries to take it away, screams so shrilly that he shatters glass all around him.
``We're trying to get what we can for our dollar.
I'm trying now with counseling to get them to get along with each other, and to let them go out and be with their friends and do the stuff that I did as a child.
oh see and i just don't i don't dare try all that stuff because i don't even know if i like it to begin with if i don't like it it doesn't get made around here
At the bottom end of the market, try refrigerator magnets in the shape of Ionian or Corinthian columns!
Abra, feeling it was more strategic not to resist too much, tried to turn away, but his exotic honeyed tongue darted between her lips before she was prepared. "
I’m not yet certain how to prove that this is not possible, although I will have a try at it below.
Um, I think this story, well the story been told through my family because of, uh, what he had and what they tried to take from him.
At 8:51, the controller noticed the transponder change from United 175 and tried to contact the aircraft.
Or the seemingly impossible task of trying to keep such a crowded home neat and clean?
make allowances for everybody's culture if you try to force fit everybody into things and yeah i just i the logistics of it just seem horrendous in a country is
His Reverend uncle was the founder of ZAPU (1961), then ZANU (1963 with Robert Mugabe), then tried for attempted assassination of Robert Mugabe in 199627.
Chicanos also often use the term, as they do agringado, to describe an overly acculturated Chicano, one who is trying to be “white.”
Most pundits agree that questions about whether Bush has ever tried cocaine are relevant to this year's presidential campaign and a legitimate part of public discourse.
A special note on the importance of trusting subjective judgment: One potential hijacker was turned back by an immigration inspector as he tried to enter the United States.
Before I tell you more about that remarkable woman in Pensacola, however - a woman named Wanda Rudolph whose love, compassion and sense of generosity ought to be an example to everyone -I want to tell you just a little bit about what every mother trying to go it alone with her children on a marginal (or worse) income is facing.
i did have more time and i tried to spend some more time with them
Ponder over old photographs of Cretans in traditional costume and try to imagine what the island must have been like during their lifetimes.
Your contradictory humanness, body of blood, brain basket, coursing organs, a voice trying to break through to you, to you in your personal ears, crackles of sublime interference intercourse and guitar notes too complicated their screaming simplicity, electronic fuzz,
Enrique Norten, the youngest of the three, takes a different course—he is trying to put Modernism back together again.
I have to say that the prospect of reading a biography that tried to break with the fairly rigid forms of the genre was appealing to me, as strange as Morris' approach sounded, and I approached this book eagerly.
So it was kind of like if it was coming out of book, I knew it was for pure entertainment, whereas if it was something they were telling to me, I might be a little more receptive to, you know, maybe trying to find a little, a little meaning behind it and say, " Hey, why are you, why are you telling me this?"
If a 2 base MM is assigned, the algorithm will also try using this size of the gap in both the Target and Query sequence, after initially using a 1 base gap.
We will try to contact each of you who have not participated this fiscal year in the next 45 days so that our goal can be reached by the deadline of June 30th.
um that's what i was trying to i think there is i don't really remember how long it is
A tough environment demanded tough qualities of interdependence and industriousness, sorely tried by contact with Europeans.
In an effort to increase breeding, zookeepers tried to separate them by force.
Such a system might blindly try out variant patterns of synthesis until it could establish a self-sustaining web linking the carbohydrates, the enzymes, and certain protein receptors mediating the linkage between unconditioned and conditioned stimulus, then maintain that linkage by positive feedback loops.
I didn't know how to go around and try and find.
For the sampling time we tried various values of n but found negligible differences for values above eight.
He wanted to come home the first day he got off the slopes, but Sandy Trombetta, the clinic organizer and recreation therapist at the Grand Junction VA Medical Center, convinced Urban to try again.
tried driving it once from San Francisco and that was a that was very dumb i'll never try that again
Erich Honecker’s regime won international diplomatic recognition for East Berlin as its capital and, with gleaming hotels and skyscrapers, tried to give it a lustre to rival West Berlin.
Um, as they thought this was really cool, and they were sitting under a big tree in the woods, the branches started moving, the kids thinking, uh, that the wind was doing it, but when the branches started to slowly come down and start touching them, they got scared, and the branches were trying to wrap around them, then the trunk of the tree started bending also.
Massoud appeared committed to helping the United States collect intelligence on Bin Ladin's activities and whereabouts and agreed to try to capture him if the opportunity arose.
As Mobe 68 turns his key, he could be trying to concentrate on Christian compassion and the tasks ahead of him.
The government posted health warnings on cigarette packs, required airlines and governmental buildings to ban smoking, but did not try to follow the model of Prohibition or the drug laws.
you have to have your have to have it checked and it's great i had a friend with a Fiero that uh they tried and tried and tried and had all kinds of terrible getting that pinned and so apparently
Stop to try the waters at the Venetian fountain — a series of lion heads spout crystal clear, cool liquid from the mountains above — before exploring the village itself.
And so, you know, if one person wants you to be the opposite of another person, I mean, who are you really when you please, when you are trying to please both people, you know?
Recently she had lunch with some of the referring legal assistance organizations to try to improve their recruitment and matching efforts even more.
Our dads came home, moved into nuclear family houses, farther from their parents, aunts, uncles, etc than ever before, tried to live with rectitude and diligence amid rising prices and elevated standards of liveable housekeeping, tried to be husbands and fathers to uncomprehending wives and children.
In a world where manufacturers must supply an increasing number of products with fashion elements, speed and flexibility are crucial capabilities for firms wrestling with product proliferation, whether they are retailers trying to offer a wide range of choices to consumers or manufacturers responding to retail demands for shipments.
In his revision, Reich gets rid of the cigar shtick and again substitutes actual words, while trying to preserve what he can of a sense of hostility.
Consider the case of the engineers discovering that the engine block is so rigid that the block itself can serve as the chassis for the tractor they are trying to invent.
Unlike the literary world, where provocative books such as Ulysses or Lady Chatterley's Lover led to legal battles over obscenity issues, in the movies, no one tried to place fuck onto film until the country was ready for it.
I want to try a tentative technical definition: Records are correlated macroscopic states that identify sources of energy that can be tapped to extract work.
The Republicans are the Comintern for trying to have some party discipline in Jacob Weisberg's "The Conintern."
But then, try to talk about tying your shoes or the skilled driving when you become aware some dozens of miles down the road that you have accomplished the tasks without paying the slightest focused attention.
What about those of us who consume culture on the fly--who go to the movies only when dragged to the megaplex by the kids, who buy books at airport bookstores, who need to know whether the Broadway show whose high-priced tickets our parents are trying to pawn off on us is a gaudy spectacle from hell or Great Art?
Why not plunge in and try my best to find out, to do it right, even knowing how early was the stage of the science we had been inventing.
The cover package reiterates TNR 's line that the United States should try to overthrow Saddam Hussein.
Remedies for caída de mollera involve trying to return the fontanelle to its proper position.
George W. Bush tried to quash the parody site www.gwbush.com, saying infamously, "There ought to be limits to freedom."
In apparel—unlike the sale of goods via the Internet such as computers, software, or tools—people want to see, feel, and try on the products.
But the second reads like gobbledygook while the first tries to provide some basic notion of what is involved and where it is applied while, at the same time, gently notifying users that they are going to have to seek elsewhere for a proper definition, the understanding of which requires far more backgound in mathematics and logic than can be assumed in the average user.
The buyer might start by trying to get historical data on the weekly sales of those Levi jeans in the store.
No one has accused Thomas of trying to silence Hill.
Before they reached this rich stock of possible constitutional arguments, the lawyers for the butchers tried a simple tack: The Louisiana statute infringed the common law of England, the basic principles of which had become the bedrock of American law.
The WP and NYT report that yesterday the SEC issued a cease-and-desist order against three people for trying to sell securities on the Internet.
8 And, more recently, the court rejected an East German statutory justification for border guards who shot at their own citizens trying to flee the country for the West.
The ad accused Gore of "trying to reinvent reality."
I didn't try shearling, but no one I spoke with recommended it.
The director, Michael Mann, has never tried to tell a story as complex (or nonviolent) as The Insider , and he and his co-screenwriter, Eric Roth, don't shape their narrative very satisfyingly.
Let’s try another tack.
When newspapers tried to capture the spirit and meaning of the millennium celebrations, they generally ran into trouble.
A customer for Levi’s custom jeans is asked to try on the style that comes closest to the fit she wants.
How do you describe the ideology of people trying to decide whether they want Pat Buchanan or Warren Beatty to be president?
Imagine trying to predict how many women will walk into a particular downtown Boston store next week prepared to pay $48 (full price) for a size-8 pair of Levi blue jeans, with “long” pant length, “loose” fit, stonewashed finish, and a pleated waist—in other words, one particular SKU out of thousands.
The fact of the matter is that I spend much of my life reading the work of mainstream economists, speaking to them, and trying to find something they have written that might interest the general public.
When governmental officials try to tell people how to talk, they look slightly ridiculous.
The Post , however, writes that "some participants in the financial markets had begun to speculate that Clinton might not reappoint [Greenspan], or that the administration would try to influence Fed interest-rate policy in exchange for the reappointment."
Some philosophers have tried to analyze human equality by searching for some single factor by virtue of which we are equal.
As he moves to shore up his right-wing credentials, his more authentically conservative rivals are trying to establish their own credibility in the eyes of moderate Republicans.
As part of its reconstructing the former Confederacy, the victorious North tried to cleanse the formerly rebellious governments of their “treasonous” followers.
It seems to me absurd to try and read an image like The Holy Virgin Mary 1996 in purely formal terms, because it would be to apply aesthetic criteria and art-historical comparisons to a work that draws its power primarily from iconoclasm and irreverence.
"I write every night, five times a week, I try to do five hundred words a day."
Counsel tried, but they could not persuade the Supreme Court to think of the burdens imposed on the New Orleans butchers and on African Americans subject to public segregation as variations of the servitudes prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment.
She says she won't testify because Starr is engaged in a political witch hunt; the piece speculates that she may be trying to hide an affair she had with Bill Clinton.
Now try to translate the statement into a set of statements about ordinary human actions, “A group of twelve people were seated behind a wooden enclosure for several days.
Now a story about tractors: It is said, and I choose to believe it true, that some engineers were hard at it trying to invent the tractor.
The author does not appear to have reached serious conclusions: at the end of the book, in a short section titled Conclusion, she offers some useful observations about expressions of humor and about the difficulties encountered by a teacher of English as a foreign language in trying to impart to students the linguistic skills required to understand English literature; but these observations can scarcely be termed conclusions, for no coherent theory has actually been set forth in the book.
The country as a whole finally decided, however, that a little liquor was more desirable than the costs to freedom in trying to achieve Prohibition.
The party is trying to appear inclusive when it really is not.
If the challenge of making such predictions for this season’s sales is not sufficiently daunting, try predicting how many of each item will sell during a given period next year.The impossibility of making -accurate predictions of demand long in advance of the selling season—especially at the SKU level—is clear.
Bush tried to send two messages in response to the Texas shooting.
We should try to figure out what these purposes are and execute them.
You remember: Flynt, the pornographer, and his crack team of snoops were going to blast the lid off the hypocritical Republican Congress that was trying to impeach a president over sex, etc.
But even after decoherence sets in, geometry is busy all the time trying to build geometry exponentially and everywhere, while simultaneously decohering.
By trying its best to undo it.
Lucifer tries to challenge the shepherds but Michael the Archangel returns just in time to defeat him.
I have even tried doing it back to her, but she didn't get the hint.
We have tried to keep deletions to a minimum, chiefly by not including marginal terms in the first place.
He actually lived fairly long but was eventually captured, tried, and hanged at the age of forty.
Please keep trying, either in "The Fray" or by e-mail to letters@msn.com.
While the mechanisms of heritable variation dier and the selection criteria dier, organisms in the biosphere and firms and individuals in the econosphere are busy trying to make a living and explore new ways of making a living.
Steinem and others in her camp, such as Backlash author Susan Faludi, argue there is no inconsistency between their support of Clinton and condemnations of Packwood and Thomas: Unlike Clinton, they argue, Packwood and Thomas interpreted "no" as "yes" and repeated their unwelcome advances (although most of Packwood's alleged passes were single tries).
Bruce Ackerman shocked the Capital by testifying before the House that the newly seated Senate could not constitutionally try the president on an impeachment passed by the outgoing House.
And finally, the tabloids try to account for the end of soap star Susan Lucci's 18-time losing streak at the daytime Emmys.
Nor does he try to create the illusion that this is a sixteenth-century building—there is no artificial weathering, no aging effect no simulated historicism.
"Feeble" and "inadequate even by lazy-pastiche standards" is how Dennis Lim of the Village Voice describes this mean teen movie about a posse of cruel popular girls who accidentally kill one of their own and try to cover it up.
trying to promote foreign policy goals, sound trade policies, and other Government to Respond to strategies to help nations around the world that the United States now Changing Threats to depends on as military allies and trading partners.
He had um, well actually, we tried those Gerber ones that have the whole peas and stuff like that, a little piece of chicken in the bottom.
one that iodizes the water), and try to drink at least two quarts (liters) of water a day to avoid dehydration. Alternatively, taking lots of
and uh he said there was nothing wrong with the alternator so we we went back and tried it again
Mixed reviews for the latest from the hyperintellectual author of The Gold Bug Variations . Powers tries to shed his reputation as inaccessibly scholarly by writing a straightforward novel about a soap company and an employee who gets ovarian cancer.
Since we only tried 27 different architectures,there may have been more appropriate architectures for these datasets.
I'm trying to think of a story I should tell.
Try to take in some of this quintessential American musical style.
um so let a group of people have you know try to try to make make you know use that uh make that decision
Has the government not tried hard enough?
There he had tried to create an air defense plan using assets from the Treasury Department, after the Defense Department declined to contribute resources.
I'm trying to think what else I could tell you about.
Unfortunately, he died trying to organize the Bermuda-Jamestown lifeline.
and it's really pretty small and i hardly ever wear it but so i was trying to decide what size to order this time and i went ahead and ordered the same size
Harrison Ford tries to help by looking anguished as he hits, kicks, and shoots his way to the final duel with Oldman.
When al Qaeda and its Pakistani allies repeatedly tried to assassinate Musharraf, almost succeeding, the battle came home.
And he's running, trying to keep up with gravity, so he's going down this hill, and literally, falling down the hill, but instead of falling down, he's running!
Parasailing is a new and trendy sport; you can try it at the Balboa Pavilion.
What you are is you're always trying to smooth things over.
Consequently, researchers must try to identify confounders and take them into account analytically.
Right now they in the process of trying to, you know, perfect the masch, but I'm looking past the masch I'm looking at, at the entity or what have you, you know, classify.
You may be offered tickets to buy while lying on the beach, or even free ones if the owners are trying to boost a place, or if the tiquetero thinks that your good looks will be an asset.
i guess but we're going to try that and see how that works an experiment i'd like to try you know just try something new every year that i haven't tried before and
Let me try, however, to make four points:
The call lasted about two minutes, after which Policastro and a colleague tried unsuccessfully to contact the flight.
I'm just trying to have an idea of what it kind of looks like.
On the Thompson River, summer visitors can try the bumpy thrills of the sockeye experience for themselves with some whitewater river rafting organized out of Vancouver — details from the city tourist information office.
The New York Times says he won't try to indict them but might publish a damning account of their behavior.
This, in conjunction with intergenic splicing, may significantly increase the number of predicted proteins encoded by the human genome and will certainly pose a challenge for anyone trying to decipher genomic organization and regulation.
And uh, you know, I mean we were trying to be quiet not to wake her parents up so you know and uh, we ended up watching this movie and this movie ends up lasting until about um, 4:30, 5:00 in the morning.
Try Cockermouth (Monday and Wednesday) or Penrith (Tuesday).
single and no other responsibilities for yourself i guess you know it's i can i can i've been pretty happy i've i've haven't tried to upgrade myself right now that's uh
But I'll try.
He further realized that Flight 12 had not even departed yet, so he and Williams returned to the office to try to clarify the situation.
And, um, they tried to take his land from him and they took it from him for a minute, and he went to jail for a little bit, and he got out, and still, you know, couldn't get his land, but he bought, bought, and bought, and he got his land back.
Except for longer excursions, try to leave the car in the hotel parking lot and walk or take the bus.
going that far now by the end he was looking more like a cop but at the beginning of the movie and all through the middle part you know he was trying to trying to get it but he wasn't there yet but you could tell
The program, Parents' Fair Share, which tries to help mostly black and Hispanic high-school drop-out absentee fathers via training and counseling, has been found in an independent study not to have increased their earnings and to have only marginally increased the amount of money they give their kids.
Second, we tried different numbers of cycles to calculate posterior probabilities.
Trying their hand at fishing or rowing a boat on a lake can be a challenge.
when uh probably about nineteen seventy four i'm trying no no no no it was before that it was must have been nineteen seventy two before we moved to Texas
And if students are slipping structural cogs, we need a common language to communicate these problems: “John, you should use the possessive form before the gerund”, “Mary, try combining these two sentences by using an appositive.”
We decided to develop our own database and software, while trying to retain interoperability between the two.
trying to tell him I was just sick.
Try Xerókampos south of Zákros, or head east from Moní Préveli to the sandy stretches around tiny Agía Fotini.
uh i'm trying to think of what else i've seen um
GS tried to reveal the essence of communication by stringing together heavy words without the punctuation, connectives, adjectives, adverbs, and allusions we are accustomed to.
While to Greely's knowledge fMRI evidence hasn't yet been used in court, “it's certain to be tried,” and the barrier to its admission will fall as both the reliability and the ease of administration increase.
I remember my grandmother, who was Welsh trying to teach me Welsh and she would sing nursery songs to me and tell me little poems in Welsh.
They decided to try to retrieve the ball and, with ropes and lanterns, they entered the hole and discovered a magical landscape 37 m (120 ft) underground.
we can either try to get here tonight or just sleep it and try to get there tomorrow morning and we said okay let's just sleep in and try to get there tomorrow morning
Only in Switzerland did I find someone who truly tried to get it right, but the effort involved putting his tongue out at me and concluded with an overly explosive final consonant; but he got all the bits in there.
An approach of Wall et al . [ 22] tries to combine PCA-based gene selection with a confidence measure using leave-one-out cross-validation.
In his lifetime, many petty Euro­pean princes tried to imitate Louis’s style with their own little Versailles, complete with court artists and sycophants.
and then try and get maybe more involvement with the parents
Try as hard as they might, inventors of artificial languages have been unable to disbuse themselves of the ineluctable attraction of their own, native language or language family.
And, and everybody knew me so nobody really tried uh, to uh corral me, so I was sort of free to go and do what I wanted, you know when the buildings were open.
He tried to halt the Dayaks’ piracy and head-hunting while defending their more “morally acceptable” customs.
and that would give you know at least they don't have to drive all over town trying to find one guy or trying to see six or seven people
I tried sticking a thumbtack into my buttocks and I bled."
Thus, a multivariate approach trying to compare very different gene expression patterns at the same time might lead to loss of information.
And then, um, it was pretty cool, I used to always try to catch snipes too.
The Chinese authorities tried to keep the foreigners at arm’s length, limiting their activities to certain districts and seasons.
So I have no problem with TV programmers, Hollywood execs, and magazine editors trying to appeal to me.
In any event, the Minneapolis agents were concerned that if they tried to first obtain a criminal warrant but the U.S.
I'm like, "Nice try, Richard but my van is fine.
Try the House of Ireland (see above), or the Irish Crystal Store on Wicklow Street.
groups were enough were publicized enough they could just know what they could know what their options were for other groups to try
Try the Latin aloud, the way it was meant to be read, and the hollow thump of a horse's gallop is in the sound as well as the meaning of Virgil's words.
Rapantzikos [ 18 ] et al have used other morphological operators as well as varying local histogram criteria for threshold choice to try to correct these deficiencies.
I'm trying to remember.
You can grade the hikes according to your fitness and experience — if in doubt, seek advice at the Visitor Center — but try at least one walk, in sturdy shoes, for the sheer exhilaration of making it to the end.
tuition and try to make things monthly so that there are as few surprises as possible but i don't i've started keeping a budget on computer
For the most part, despite the occasional campaigning for linguistic liberalism (aimed, obviously, at 20th- and, presumably, 21st-century readers), what emerges is an engaging picture of concerned speakers of English, some of them pedants trying to establish (or preserve) some purity in the language, the remainder readers of the works published by the former in the shape of grammars, usage guides, pronunciation guides, spellers, etc.
And uh, I don't know who thought of it I don't know if it was me or Jeff or Craig but uh, we uh, we had some cigarettes on us and we were smoking trying to be the big rebels you know and we had a lighter.
Try to be here for an utterly Victorian open-air band concert.
um i'm not sure if your familiar with the movement they have here in Maryland but they're trying to get a uh a uh
When I tried to view the "GOP Environmental Accomplishments" page, I got error messages on five successive days.
We tried to minimize variability by having a written reference of definitions based on the original articles of the various scoring systems and having one person coordinate the process of data collection.
So, my sister has a CB and so we tried to radio some people, that didn't work.
A Crusader castle brings swashbuckling to life, so try a trip to the walls of Mytilini or Kos Castle to become a knight of yore.
you know he is out working trying to make some money for you know we can buy you this bike and that toy and so forth you know
Officials are keenly conscious of trying to avoid the mistakes of 9/11.
That don't mean you stopped trying?
More than 30,000 Cubans tried to cross shark-infested waters to Florida on improvised rafts.
yeah and it was just it was just wonderful that's that's something that i would really like to uh to try and find the recipe for but we used to have that at Thanksgiving time
You haven't tried to corrupt the democratic process by handing out wads of cash.
‘And if you try to get people to stick rigorously to a plan, then you get a lot of silly things going on.
But coming here, rather than, um, perhaps picking up and focusing on the differences, I think we tried to look at the, uh, you know, just the, um, the, the special points about the, uh, life in the South and, and the people here and the customs and I think it's been something that we've always, uh, valued.
Akbar decided it was better to have them on his side than to try to convert them; when he married the Maharaja of Jodhpur’s sister, Jodh Bai (for whom he built a grand palace at Fatehpur Sikri; see page 84) there was no question of converting her to Islam.
it makes it worthwhile to take it back and i've just started drinking a new water called Clearly Canadian i don't know if you've tried it
Far from being a voice of common sense, Q is a sophist who tries to make confused thinking look like common sense.
Another group trying to repeat the observations of increased levels of LPA associated with ovarian cancer concluded that there was no diagnostic value in the assay, and attributed the discrepant findings as possibly related to different sample centrifugation protocols used by the two groups to remove platelets from the samples prior to analysis [ 20 ] . However, LPA continues to be actively evaluated for its clinical utility [ 21 ] .
Well, I think maybe you are, ah, trying to preface some story about getting thrown out of a game.
The remains, which include streets with houses and pretty communal squares, have been placed under a protective corrugated roof that gets hot and crowded, so try to visit as early in the day as possible.
i'm trying to think of his name he's with the Bible church
This kind of public execution of reform would look terrible, so Lott might try to mitigate a filibuster by offering as a substitute his own phony reform bill . Think of this as a "pod" or replicate version of campaign-finance reform.
I was very much a pleaser, and whatever the authority figure who I was with wanted from me, was what I tried to give them.
Try to visit the cathedral’s horloge astro­no­mique on the hour to see the figures emerge from the clock.
that's right especially when they're trying to get a job and i guess everybody knows that if they're trying to get a job
(Richard J. Herrnstein and Charles Murray had previously reported similar findings in their best-selling book The Bell Curve .) To explain those skill differentials, one can try pointing either to training or heredity.
Workers suspected of trying to assert their rights have been interrogated by grower association members or staff.
But, um, it's, um, and I'm trying to think the theater uh, other than Fiddler on the Roof, of course I haven't seen a lot of different things, but, um, has not had the same level of impact, I guess.
and then i have stopped using anything but pump sprays so that i'm trying to get i'm trying not to use that whatever that's called chlorofluorocarbons
From Lorena to Eleanor: "I've been trying today to bring back your face.
The presence of multiresistant P. aeruginosa and Acinetobacter baumannii strains in our ICU prompted us to try treatment with colistin as a last resort in patients with serious infections with such strains.
Just tried to imagine what life was like in those times.
On your riverside walk in Falls View Park, try to ignore the pulp mill.
well i agree i think that's what i'm trying to say
"This year, we are not only allowing people to find out about John McCain but trying to push people to be involved."
No longer will a woman desperate for a protective order, for example, have to run all over town trying to find the right agency.
You know, you know, one of my brothers was real upset, you know, ah most of us were pretty mellow like, you know, we weren't really, at the time, we weren't really outwardly trying, you know, we really didn't show a lot of upsetness.
Trying Your Luck
well i hope your project turns out great and i really uh think that it's exciting that you're going to try the sponge painting i think that could give it a really
You're not just trying to save Ruth.
The CIA also tried to improve its intelligence reporting on Bin Ladin by what Tenet's assistant director for collection, the indefatigable Charles Allen, called an "allout, all-agency, seven-days-a-week" effort.
Yeah they finally done took all of his stuff, well tried to take all of his stuff but he got it all back and he was a popular guy, you know, and, um, he start bootlegging again and, you know, still the same sheriff or whatever but he, the sheriff, they squash their little beef, or what not, and the sheriff told him, you know, was telling him when he really need to get out and finally, he got smart and he just did it.
But there was nowhere else to go, so the pioneers were forced to pitch in and try to survive.
and generally the people are getting screwed and they're tired of it and they're willing to try anything to get out from under it even if that means going to communism
Now villagers are trying to find and form relationships with children adopted by their former enemies.
Mzoudi and Motassadeq were both tried in Germany on charges related to the 9/11 attacks.
We went up, your dad, your grandfather, was trying desperately to get back in the army.
Try not to visit both sites on the same day.
um most of it i haven't been really in a long time last time i went i actually was in Galveston trying to saltwater fish and it just wasn't working with my freshwater tackle that was real fun um but
What evolution is trying to tell us here is that male aggression is much less important for human beings than it is for gorillas.
So, to try to accentuate the effects of PIP 2 on Boi1-PH's co-sedimentation with vesicles, we repeated this analysis using buffer that contained additional concentrations of KCl.
One thing, is it's been difficult trying to, now, now that my family starting to move down here, I think that the one drawback was, uh, just moving probably eight hours away, driving time, from um, from Dayton.
Apart from the Citadel and Battlefields Park, every sight worth seeing is within easy walking distance, though you may like to try a 45-minute ride in a horse-drawn calèche (from the Parc de l’Esplanade).
I also tried to appear serene--hoping to convey a Buddhist quality.
In Afghanistan, the State Department tried to end the civil war that had continued since the Soviets' withdrawal.
That they shouldn't do that, that you should accept your lot in life, although you should work to improve it, you know, you should be who you are and not try to be something else.
In the last week, the papers have tried every way possible to tie up this past year in a ribbon and present it to the ages.
Yeah, I tried to get my mother, well I did have my mother on tape te lling about it and then I lost the tape .
To try and recapture the interior’s rather gracious rococo atmosphere, furniture and decorations from other Prussian palaces built in the 18th-century have been used to replace what was destroyed here during World War II.
i i'm trying to think what else phone the phone utilities come last or uh before let's see the utilities come before the food and the bills
This unprecedented educational expansion for G.I.s , the WP explains, is a sign of the difficulties the Army is having trying to compete with the booming civilian job market.
Berger met twice with Tenet in April to try to resolve the dispute.
He's trying to scare us even more.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow water work, giving you the chance to try out the basic techniques before you decide to do the full open water course.
and a lot of people aren't trying to get out of it but trying to figure a way to live and pay it back
Gingrich replied that Clinton's aides were trying "to attack me when I am overseas trying to be helpful."
This finding may appear to be suprising, however it was not to us at the Motherisk NVP Helpline, because over the years, many women have told us that NVP can be so debilitating that they will try just about anything to alleviate their symptoms.
That was the lesson in the story, people who try to be things that they aren't.
By then you’ll be more than ready to sample some heady Arbois wine — try the vin jaune with a chunk of Comté cheese.
red oaks and things like that and trying to bring them back and start them but
Over the weekend, "Titanic" director James "King of the World" Cameron began exercising the perks of his new office by writing a piece in the LAT in which he tried to fire the paper's lead film critic, author of two scathing reviews of the iceberg epic.
When hunters bathe dogs with strongly smelling members of the Piper species they may be imitating animal behaviour or trying to mask the individual body odour of their dogs so that they remain un-detected by game animals.
He would talk about how he would ask, um, he would always try to get my dad to end up paying for all four of them's dinner.
On the east coast, try Puri, south of Calcutta, or Pondicherry.
uh the other thing i was thinking of doing is getting some chemicals to try and help the process up uh a little more a little faster
The Khmer Rouge tried Pol Pot for genocide and sentenced him to life under house arrest.
Umm, I know I have written it down, but I am trying to think, where is my book?
It’s tempting to try to sandwich everything into just a couple of days, but be sure to leave time in your schedule to get sidetracked in a colorful food market or an alley of antiques shops, or to peek in a quiet courtyard.
On its front page La Repubblica reported a warning Wednesday by Pope John Paul II that it was futile to try to predict the timing of the end of the world.
"Fundamentally, what we're trying to do is provide equal access to justice, for all people - regardless of their economic standing," said LSSM Board Member and volunteer attorney, Fred Hall. "
Another one was when I think I was younger than that I was trying to climb up on a couch and my grandfather was like watching me behind me and he kept saying to everybody, "she's going to fall, she's going to fall, she's going to fall, she fell," because I did fall and everybody laughed and I think they took a picture of me when I was like climbing up the couch or whenever I was on that couch.
Its Brandenburg rulers tried to befriend both the Protestant and Catholic armies but made enemies of both, leaving unfortified Berlin to pay the price.
I'm not trying to be like anybody or different from anybody.
Pursuing future research into the combinatorial chemopreventive/chemotherapeutic potential of aspirin may be of greater value than trying to account for the discordant effect.
So the doctors told her she should never, ever try to have another child.
Although it is now performed in the modern rather than the classical Greek language, it is still not easy to understand, so try to find an English copy of the plot before the performance begins.
yeah um you know i i'm i'm about to graduate and i'm still trying look for a job
Try to get a good night's sleep.
How odd--and a good illustration of how trying to shoe-horn in a "witty" headline can drive you into an idea that doesn't fit or is undeserved.
I sat there and I cried but I tried to be as understanding as possible because I knew my mother struggled really hard to even keep food on the table for us.
uh but they still come up to the front door and uh you know walk around so usually what i do is i'll call the apartment manager and tell him hey there's people coming around you know and they're trying to sell something or or they're from a religious organization
and wanting to uh you know to try and get me to join or you know become interested in their religion because i have my own
we have been talking about this i tried to call earlier
i know but they try every year and every year they get thrown out
they'll try something and then they throw it out and get something else you know and you get tired of that
I have to try this case the best way that I know how.
You're trying this case.
And this is the best I can put it, other than what I tried to do in my opinion.
There were a couple instances where friends of mine had tried to check on the status of the books in the library but were not permitted to go in at that time.
And your sense for why he asked you this was that you thought he was trying to elicit something sensational for his paper?
Based on what was quoted in the paper, yeah, I think he was trying to elicit some sensational whatever for the paper.
The interest in man's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication, a few years ago, of Roots : on a far larger scale, we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man.
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays, his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer: he must do his utmost to be accurate; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers; and he must write well.
In Colombia, the drug-financed guerrillas trying to seize the country and destroy democracy include M-19, which Castro has clearly backed.
and we just had soup and salad so we could make room for the dessert uh which was a chocolate sack i don't know if you tried but or something
Trying to outwit the US Coast Guard was risky but enormously profitable.
He tried to say, "I notice that I feel down, that the world seems futile and tiring, especially in the morning."
In this chapter I have been trying to say, argue, articulate the possibility that a bio-sphere is profoundly generative = somehow fundamentally always creative.
I will confess I began the book with the weary expectation that the SAT and the Educational Testing Service (ETS) would be attacked again, as they have been so often in the past--by Banesh Hoffman because of the ambiguity built into short-answer tests, by Ralph Nader and Allen Nairn because ETS tries to keep its test questions private, and by many because of the common charge that all the tests do is to confirm the advantages of those from good schools and with educated parents.
And he tries to get me to do it, but I cannot talk to like that 40 minutes, so we just usually make it halfway with our stories.
If you try to make any moves, you'll endanger yourself and the airplane.
Or the mealtimes that have the entire family trying to find a place to sit and balance their plates while eating wherever they can find a place?
you know you'd think that this crazy system if you're going to talk about something about the weather they'd have tried to plug you in with plug you in to somebody
Try to get there early, as tours sell out quickly on busy days.
"Momma, I tried,
Whatever that program does, imagine trying to evolve it by making random mutations in the code.
On a daily basis, Largent spends his time trying to attach anti-abortion, anti-gay rights, and anti-NEA amendments to anything with an H.R. number.
And sometimes they would be standing up in the train trying to get leave before they went overseas and there I was a child of maybe 11 or 12 years old and, uh, I can remember very clearly the young man's face that taught me two or three new games of solitaire that I still teach my grandchildren how to play now and still play myself sporadically and remember that time.
For example, even successful loop and side chain building methods will fail on comparative models based on incorrect alignments (in our case, we tried six different approaches in the three categories combined, the results for only two of which are listed in Figures 1and 2).
And that suggests to me that you may well be interested in joining a program that tries to help our children in the face of the problems I mentioned above.
where all of a sudden the wind stops and you're just stranded out there trying to pick up what little gusts you can to work your way back in and
Indians applauded the decision of Lord Ripon to allow Indian magistrates to try British defendants in criminal cases, but attempts at social reform such as protecting child brides against rape by their husbands were fought by traditionalist Hindus from Calcutta and Pune with cries of “religion in danger. ”
If I can now remember them, I will try to write some down.
Let’s try it with my definition of autonomous agents.
We tried to hold off--honest we did.
We used to, uh, we used to try to act like a normal American family, but we would have rice at the campground .
The way we try to approach it is to identify every legal problem that a client has."
But I'm also trying to teach them that they have to earn what they get, and to be part of making sure their lives are better."
i don't understand this you know we're trying to cut cost and everything like that and and recycle and all that stuff and
On the Left Bank, try the photogenic rue de Buci in St-Germain-des-Prés, open every morning except Monday.
He tried to say, "I'm doing ok, things are ok."
Each player is named a color, and the two leaders, the devil and the angel, try to gain the most players.
This sounds almost like an admission, and suggests that Starr's office may be indirectly using journalists to try to substantiate rumors it has heard.
My, my grandmother was very adamant about, you know, people who try to be things that they aren't, and this, whenever she'd tell this story she'd talk about people who try to be things that they aren't.
The first step of treatment is trying to calm down the patient and to identify the underlying cause [ 1, 3, 13].
THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor, I will try To serve god and my country, To help people at all times, And to live by the Girl Scout Law.
um trying to think of some other shows do you like The Three Stooges
Try Bally’s for the latest selection; after all, they manufacture them.
Mobe and Ferd first see Nairobi from a taxi, surrounded by Masai in brilliant red cloaks trying to march from a park in downtown Nairobi to the British High Commission to highlight their rejection of colonial-era agreements that stripped them of their land.
The little girl whose color is mentioned runs away and La Vieja Inés tries to catch her before she reaches a spot designated as home base.
OK, maybe I should try the Internet ...
My, my grandmother was very adamant about, you know, people who try to be things that they aren't, and this, whenever she'd tell this story she'd talk about people who try to be things that they aren't.
Heald said the agency can try to find mental health services, school services and others. "
The lessons of old are still the lessons we're trying to teach our children today.
really i'm trying to think what else i've seen recently what else have we seen recently oh you know what's pretty cute actually
Québec, in particular, tried to resist the invasion, even going so far as to ban adolescents from cinemas.
Like HAL2000, our brain (and by brain I keep trying to mean all the data processing mechanisms from senses to memory to thinking) thinks what it does is real.
We will return in a subsequent chapter to ask if it makes sense to try to finitely prestate the initial and boundary conditions of a biosphere.
But he's trying to avoid the opposite note--"the people agree with me, so I must be right."
Little things like that made a big difference in what I was trying to do.
During September and October, the tribals claimed to have tried at least four times to ambush Bin Ladin.
Can you imagine what it must be like - never mind the financial pressures - of just trying to live?
women seem to have something against having mice running across their feet when they're trying to recycle
Try a selection at the Whisky Heritage Centre (they have over 100 for you to sample), where you can then buy a bottle or two of your personal favorite in the shop or in stores around the city.
You pulled the girl into a stall in the powder room and urged her to hold back on the alcohol, trying to explain that she didn't have to revenge herself on the baby.
Averaged over all possible fitness landscapes, you would do as well trying to find a large integer by searching randomly from an initial box for your M samples as you would climbing sensibly uphill from your initial box.
"But I'm not saying that government shouldn't have a role in trying to get the job done."
They were examining her and trying to figure why her arm went numb.
It may be appropriate to evaluate and try to reverse treatable contributing factors.
Mom was too old to try to do it, so I give them that chance.
well try it or or maybe just exercise at home i bought a tape and i'm going to try doing that
Before heading for the open road, try the excellent local cuisine, including both Spanish-style fish stews and Genoese pasta dishes.
I was standing on the edge, trying to see my ass to shave it, when I slipped and cracked a disc.
33 And another decision in the same year reversed a state court conviction of an African American tried by a West Virginia jury on which blacks were not permitted to serve.
The fault may lie with the authors of the original cookbook or recipe, but since Hamlin and McCullough allege that they tried everything out, they share the blame.
but i i think people try to on the on TV i think they try to throw in good stuff but it doesn't uh it doesn't sway the vote
So instead of trying to understand Japan — forget the bizarre theories of “Japaneseness” — just open your eyes, your ears, and of course your mind.
( ) So, finally I get the thing and it has like eight different parts to it, and I'm just there trying to figure how the thing goes together, how one number flows to another sheet and how that goes, you know.
Early in the 1970's when evaluators wanted to design studies that would capture some implementation or outcome features that were different or expensive to measure reliably on a large scale-for example, the way a large organization handled a complex innovation or the effect of an education program on motivation to learn or growth in self-confidence-they felt caught between risking considerable effort in trying to quantify qualitative variables and risking the criticism that they were ignoring really important things because they could not be measured.
Try the drugs."
He must try three times, overcoming many obstacles, before he succeeds in bringing the bones to the sky.
The article tried to explain inconsistent comments that former President Theodore Roosevelt had made about supporting his successor, William Taft, by postulating that TR harbored an unresolved, repressed wish to run for president again himself.
i think that the whole credit card issue i think they certainly encourage people to run up the debts and but i agree with you i don't i try to limit my debts well i did buy a new house last summer that
Try to view it in the late afternoon sun, armed with a pair of binoculars to study the rich sculpture of the Gallery of Kings high above the windows.
How do you try to counter that with your own children and will continue to try and counter that as grandchildren are added to your family?
As that agent began an initial pat-down, Ressam panicked and tried to run away.
And I'm like, I'm trying to convince him to, you know, if I don't make it and there's a strong possibility I won't, I know that, I'm not stupid, I'm nor going to go to L.A. and make five million or more than that--
We also tried to use the average of horizontal distances from several pct, but without significant improvement.
Yeah, he goes, "I am very upset I have been trying and trying to get this lug out of your tire and it will not come out and I am very upset.
All are attempting to ascertain the safety and efficacy of interventions, and all do so by trying the intervention and noting the results.
And they couldn't stay in the Augusta area because people knew that they had tried to do something that was really taboo and try to pass for white.
Locker, Michael A. Rothenberg of New York Lawyers for the Public Interest became "hooked on trying to make a difference," as he put it, while growing up with a learning disabled sibling.
Maybe other people who survived leukemia or other diseases that you know were life threatening like that or I mean, do you ever try to find out other people's experiences?
They are victims of domestic violence, single moms trying to navigate the regulatory maze that strangles their efforts to move from dependency to self-sufficiency, foster children who are maltreated, migrant and seasonal farm workers who are not paid or are forced to work in unsafe and unsanitary conditions.
And I said, "Well when you get in there, try and get me some fruit," because when Colleen started eating real slow, when she got hooked in cheese that was it.
They try to share information.
Um, my mom has because she knows how important it is to me and everything like that and my dad actually two weeks ago when I went home, I don't even remember why I went home, but I went home for something and he's like, he's still trying to convince me to double major.
Skeptics will try to derail it.
And, um, just talked about how funny it was that these kids were trying to, to make us meet.
The Vice President recalled being told, just after his arrival, that the Air Force was trying to establish a combat air patrol over Washington.
Of course, you're in the ditch trying to explain what happened but, uh-
They learned that al Qaeda had a military committee that was planning operations against U.S. interests worldwide and was actively trying to obtain nuclear material.
I mean, why wasn't, why didn't we as a family try to support her more in the decision that she made, and to see that maybe, that there was, that there was, that she wasn't trying to run away from the world but that there was some greater truth that she was somehow privy to, that she was actually running towards?"
On October 26, Clarke's CSG took the unusual step of holding a meeting dedicated to trying "to evaluate the threat of a terrorist attack in the United States by the Usama bin Ladin network."
They are so much fun to try and catch.
Second, the problem of joint operational planning is often passed to the White House, where the NSC staff tries to play this role.
I don't know if my dad's, if I've ever, if my dad's told me that I don't recall exactly what it was and then, my, so my, my grandfather was living in New York I believe in an immigrant community in New York and the Canadian Army was recruiting from among immigrants because I believe at the time the Canadians did not, uh, did not draft, did not draft during WWI, and try need, but they needed to help the British fighting in Europe and so the they decided that a good place to recruit would be among the immigrant communities in NY, particularly among people who had immigrated from the British Isles.
In order to eliminate selection bias we tried to set objective criteria, both for patients and controls.
The game stopped, the PE stopped and we all looked up in the sky and tried to find where the airplane was.
“It doesn't matter if you are a patient, but it does matter if you are trying to develop the next drug,” says Cy Stein, Associate Professor of Medicine and Pharmacology at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City.
And, uh, man will be trying to find, uh, you know, the cause of life, so I don't know.
For each family of L1 elements, we tried to determine the relationship between the family members.
So now they got to try to make a different analysis of, "OK, so he's like this and like that and she got to be like that," you know what I'm saying, and that's the way it is.
Alarm bells would not start ringing until these efforts-which could take five minutes or more-were tried and had failed.
And I tried to make her take her pill, and she hit me and I hit her back.
The methods for detecting and then warning of surprise attack that the U.S. government had so painstakingly developed in the decades after Pearl Harbor did not fail; instead, they were not really tried.
And that they, their entire lives they were just trying to make a better life for my dad and his sister.
First, although our state planning initiative is highly replicable for any organization trying to effect rapid change across a large and entrenched culture of individual programs or offices, such change is only possible if you are willing to be inclusive and collaborative in setting goals and processes, yet firm and resolute in their ultimate enforcement.
And I, I'm like, God, somebody's trying to tell me something.
The principals, he said, were "obsessed" with trying to get others- Saudis, Pakistanis, Afghan tribals-to "do what we won't do."
But, the high road leading to success and opportunities and even then, though we were quite young, he challenged us it seemed to get through that if we selected the high road that benefits had the possibilities of being numerous and sometimes when I'm out alone, when test and trials come, those words come to me, a group of words were uttered by ( ) that we were expected to learn and we were expected and required in high school to learn poems, to read poems and try to interpret poems that we could think of, and one of them was by Kipling, which was "If" and I don't recall all of it now, but it went on to say that "if you can dream and not make your dreams your master, if you can think and not make your thoughts your aim, you can meet with triumph and disaster.
That's the name of the sister who never made it out of Vietnam--who at age 15, drowned when bullets tore through the boat in which she was trying to escape.
He said, "I'm going to try.
Further journals should try to remove remaining doubts about their manuscript selection process.
And, um anyway there was this big push to unionize and I guess my uncle, my grandfather was, great grandfather was trying to be open-minded about the whole thing, but apparently, there were some real problems, and one afternoon, one of the, uh, union organizers, who was from Union, who was actually a citizen because they had brought, because lots of times they brought in people from the North to help form these unions.
While ecologic associations are very useful for generating hypotheses, one should be cautious in trying to make individual level inferences from population based observations because of the multiple sources of biases associated with such study designs [ 24 ] . After using the appropriate analytic methods, our results provide further evidence for an association between the parenteral schistosomiasis treatment campaigns and the transmission of HCV infections in Egypt.
And Elizabeth and I still to this day say, "We didn't, we're lucky that we, that two of us aren't dead , you know, from trying to buy the mountain house."
Most corporate officials, board members and professionals are people of ability and integrity who try to do the right thing.
I'm trying to think, because you're always telling stories and I just can't, my mind is gone, like your mind is gone on a Saturday.
After settling his family in Karachi, KSM tried to join the mujahid leader Ibn al Khattab in Chechnya.
Not that I would appreciate everybody's science fiction, but, uh, there is a trilogy that I ha ve read, and, it's The Foundation Trilogy, and, uh, I'm trying to remember who wrote it.
However, the companies did try to economize on the costs of the changes.
And and, he talked about a time that he was trying to cut a tree or something and he cut his knee open.
Let me try again.
And I try to tell people this is the environment you want to try to tell my students, to encourage them to embrace the kind of environment where it's safe, to agree or disagree, to discuss anything.
At 8:51, the flight deviated from its assigned altitude, and a minute later New York air traffic controllers began repeatedly and unsuccessfully trying to contact it.
I think that, uh, it will take a while for me to get used to "mashing" a button on an elevator or, or, um, I'm just trying to think of, instead of taking someone home that you would "carry" them home or carry them to the store.
Postal Service First-Class/Priority Rates were applied to inbound mail, the Commission tried to identify the corresponding rates for the FPAs.
So I try to get in, get on the, the radio with Charlotte.
The NSA tried to respond energetically to any request made.
And then, because she was trying to rush it, you know, trying to keep him alive, she said he would run on two feet, he would run around the whole yard, whole yard and as soon as he would get tired he would jump, do a flip, and go on the other two feet and just keep on running.
In my view, too many people today are trying to structure transactions and other business dealings so they are technically acceptable rather than doing what is right.
Um just trying to think of other things that might be difference .
A list of FAQs for a user trying to install and execute the FastGroup program.
I, I tried and I tried and it will not go back in."
Thus, it would be interesting to try to find basis vectors for all experiment vectors, using actual experiment vectors and not artificial bases that offer little insight.
And, and, um, um, um, what am I trying to say?
4. Before trying to answer why people are saving less, let's start with the question of what motivates people to save.
I would try and fall down and I'd sort of bounce up again and, uh, you almost didn't get to be my daughter because of this, this was really close.
A detainee has confirmed Binalshibh's account about being advised to go to Afghanistan rather than trying to travel directly to Chechnya.
Uh, Brian's still behind me and, um, so I'm getting on with the Highway Patrol, trying to have the Highway Patrol come and, and meet with me because we're heading towards Union County.
At Greek evenings, hotels usually allow kids to get up on the dance floor and try the steps themselves.
yeah and does it take have you tried that is it terrible
On the other hand, I try not to be a linguistic slob, either.
"We're trying to liberalize the [federal] Stafford and Perkins loan programs," he said. "
Yeah so he goes, "I'm going to break it, if I try to put back in I'm going to break it."
With the assistance of private funds, a foundation is now trying to complete the church — not an easy task, since Gaudí left few detailed plans behind.
i think when you push you know maybe i think when that was first trying come about with you know what we know as the women's lib movement i think it was too extreme um
One senses it above all in her amazing control over words, which, while extremely satisfying on the level of literary technique, also comes across as a refusal to be vulnerable and a reply to anyone who would try to keep her down.
Dr. Charles Boyd had tried to prove this paternity with his brain-chunk, but Einstein's DNA proved “too denatured to decipher.”
To give you a little bit of brief history, I came out of the 80s like a lot of people did, kind of floundering, trying to figure out some new directions.
In the middle of the block, a simple little chapel tries to keep the peace.
you know the clumps that uh that occur but i try to leave it down there
Before I go back to bed and try to shake this damn flu, one more thing: the lovely piece in today's New York Times advertising column about the "Cash" machine, which digitally compresses the pauses and long syllables out of talk shows so that local stations can sell more commercial time.
The Indianapolis Air Traffic Control Center repeatedly tried and failed to contact the aircraft.
And I um, try to keep my piles under control.
Older children can learn to windsurf or try Eilat’s own snuba diving (see page 87).
we can either try to get here tonight or just sleep it and try to get there tomorrow morning and we said okay let's just sleep in and try to get there tomorrow morning
But if God has taken flight, in Gattaca and elsewhere, at least a few of his imitators are trying to save their souls.
This step was followed by the use of another in-house software tool to divide up the arm sequence, trying to simultaneously optimize two constraints: to avoid the creation of gene models that straddle the boundaries between two accessions; and to maintain a close correspondence to the pre-existing Release 2 accessions in GenBank/EMBL/DDBJ [ 11, 12, 13].
I'm trying to think, um, some stories that you told me that, you know, can be aired!
Yufu — an extinct volcano covered by dense bamboo forest — Yufuin is famous for its hot-spring baths, most of which you can try for just a few hundred yen.
you might try Colesmith try and find his uh Spanish Bit Saga it's called the it's called The Trail of the Spanish Bit is the first yeah by by Donald Colesmith he's a he's a
The LAT goes with the fractious Republican caucus he will try to lead, which the WSJ also addresses in a front-pager.
But that doesn't mean that we shouldn't try to address them in a proactive and "straight-on" manner.
I was trying to think, the only other place I've seen it was Carowinds, but no, it was Disney World.
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel, greyhound-racing at the Cani­drome (one of the largest in the world), and harness-racing on Taipa.
we went in but what did we do we lost lives and and what were we trying to do who knows
But it, too, draws careful distinctions between "bad" terrorists, represented by a rogue IRA agent who tries to murder Day-Lewis, and "good" terrorists, represented by the IRA leadership, which tries to protect him.
After the department designated Sudan a state sponsor of terrorism in 1993, it put Bin Ladin on its TIPOFF watchlist, a move that might have prevented his getting a visa had he tried to enter the United States.
So, she kept trying and got pregnant with me, and carried me to full term and so, since she was, and my dad were both much older, I was a terribly spoiled brat.
If you’re pining for English-language books, Village Voice on rue Princesse in St-Germain-des-Prés is outstanding, but try, too, Brentano’s at 37 avenue de l’Opéra, or W. H. Smith at 248 rue de Rivoli.
he he'll come home though and i mean he'll shoot when he was shooting in the hundreds and he'd tell me what a great day he had and about this great shot he made and everything i try not to laugh yeah this one on this one hole
According to Blades, Moveon will also add more candidates to its roster this winter and will begin trying to direct those who volunteered time to campaigns.
A torrent of books and articles has recently appeared [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9], all raising serious ethical questions about the wisdom and morality of trying to use biomedical knowledge to perfect ourselves or our offspring.
And I always thought it was really scary, and like the next day we would run down and try to talk to him, try to talk to Bebe Parker, but, uh, Bebe Parker wouldn't ever talk to us back.
To see snatches of China’s traditional performing arts in a setting appropriate for an imperial banquet, try one of Beijing’s special teahouses.
tried to devote more time to them and trying to get them interested in in reading more and and spending more time at the library and it i've been moderately successful
They will not try to tell you that the Lincoln Bedroom sleepovers were really about old friends dying of cancer.
We're just trying to make sure that it is, and doesn't have a negative impact on low-income folks and their families."
I already told him, I tried to explain to him that I was frustrated I didn't have all the information I needed.
If you’re looking for second-hand bric-à-brac, try shops around the Campo de’ Fiori and Piazza Navona.
so you haven't been tempted uh to to call any of these nine hundred numbers trying to get a credit card then
There is rather a double standard, first the so-called American Standard that textbooks try to inculcate, the dignified parlance of discourse, and then the related but divergent American Wit, the standard of ingenuity, which trafficks freely in analogy, pun, and portmanteau.
Trials tried to discourage remedication within 90 minutes, and two patients in one trial were excluded because they remedicated within 90 minutes, one on placebo and one on rofecoxib 50 mg [ 26 ] . This was not reported consistently ( Additional File 3).
Uh, he would, he would try to straighten out Robbie, so he would call Robbie up to the front of the bus and he'd tell him, "Boy, I want you to sit there on that top step don't say a sound, don't make a sound, don't move, I don't want to even know you're there."
Also try the open-air Discoteca La Patana, near the bridge into Varadero.
and uh and i don't know i kind of i resent the the calls of an evening trying to sell me something
The story Newsweek does run about Paula Jones' sexual-harassment suit says that her lawyers are trying to prove that Clinton promoted women who slept with him.
This leads to the sense that "nothing works" when, in fact, nothing has been tried to its maximal therapeutic dose.
Uh, but if you try to emphasize I guess, differences then I think then that's probably another issue.
The wax works of Madame Tussauds will have all the latest stars of music and films, so they can try and guess who the figures are before reading the exhibit details.
a good percentage of them are the women that are fighting it and most people say well men try and keep women locked up that's not necessarily true
The raw fact is that every successful example of economic development this past century--every case of a poor nation that worked its way up to a more or less decent, or at least dramatically better, standard of living--has taken place via globalization; that is, by producing for the world market rather than trying for self-sufficiency.
In addition, it highlights the difficulties that may arise when trying to understand gene regulation for genes that lie extremely close to one another or that form intergenic transcripts.
They knew the parents and of course they had the confidence of the parents and um, students tried to do the right things because they did not want their teachers to tell um, their mother on them.
For a gentle overview of the entire Magic Kingdom, try the aerial tramway at dusk as the lights are coming on.
i'd recommend that if if someone was trying to choose a college that they they get uh as much information on the schools as they can as far as what curriculums they offer and uh how reputable they are and what kind of reputation they have in the country
But the trouble is that between technology that makes it easier for markets to run rings around local regulations, and the reluctance of governments to agree on the sort of cross-border enforcement that might let them keep up with that technology, efforts to limit the market . Oh, mavericks such as George Lucas or Malaysia's Prime Minister Mahathir bin Muhammad may try to fight the trend and even achieve some limited success, but they are swimming against the tide.
American Airlines dispatchers also tried, without success.
I, I tried and I tried and it will not go back in."
Meanwhile, Gandhi vehemently opposed any dismemberment of the country, and tried to keep people united by fasting to uphold the spirit of love, and by focussing on the common adversary: the British.
yeah it was something like that although we sort of when we got through i wished we hadn't done it because we were you know we were trying to make the house look nice to sell it and we were painting it and trying to do uh you know make it and it it really was
The British bad-boy writer tries his hand at an American detective novel and draws mixed reviews.
Not surprisingly, Langleben got a lot of press after he announced his results, and his experiment led directly to speculation that we might eventually see fMRIs installed at airports, scanning the brains of would-be terrorists trying to deceive security screeners, or in courtrooms, catching perjurers red-handed (or perhaps red–anterior-cingulate-gyrused?)
He's got his arm and uh he's trying to put it on his body and it didn't fit and it's too short and it didn't look like his arm so he throws it aside and goes on.
Sul­­tan Abdül Hamid II (1876–1909) tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt, with a fragmented population of hostile people, and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks.
well tell you the truth i'm i'm not uh not picky i wherever the area whatever the fish is the specialist in that area i uh i enjoy fishing for it and i try to i haven't fished in several years i'll have to admit
Every day is a Seinfeld episode and, even when it's not, the tabloid headline writers try to turn it into one.
At 8:48, while the controller was still trying to locate American 11, a New York Center manager provided the following report on a Command Center teleconference about American 11:
He'd want me to, to, wanted to try to learn me to ride the bicycle.
More adventurous cyclists can savor the delights of mountain-biking down the steep trails of Mount Tamalpais in Marin County, or try riding against the experts at the Mission Bay Circuit on Fiesta Island, San Diego.
and i try to uh you know try something else you know something with a little more vegetables or something but yeah i was the same way but we haven't really eaten Chinese that much since we've been in uh Texas it's funny
Editor's note: "Goldhagen's Willing Executioners" incorrectly stated that the Canadian Jewish Congress is trying to have Ruth Bettina Birn, co-author of A Nation on Trial: The Goldhagen Thesis and Historical Truth , removed from her job at the war crimes division at the Canadian Department of Justice.
Individuals helped by Legal Aid include: a young mother and her children being abused by a violent spouse, a severely disabled child in need of medical care, a young woman who needed more time in vocational training to escape welfare, and a woman suffering from dementia in a nursing home whose husband was trying to strip her of her financial assets.
God creates in the spirit, creates in the natural and, uh, man does the same, and man's trying to find his creativity of the spiritual realm and I feel he's just, um, the day and age is getting closer and closer to end times, as far as I believe, the word of God says, and so the days are drawing closer to where man will be harboring more and more blackness in his heart, it will prevail.
Try to visit before noon or after 4pm, especially in summer as most farming activity stops in the heat of the afternoon.
yeah they they might have capital punishment the thing with people like that they like to take and study them put them in jail and do studies on them like that so that's they can try to get a profile of his personality i think
He tries to disarm the accusation that he was callous about executing Karla Fay Tucker by portraying his decision as an anguished crisis of conscience.
Since limitations in score precision is a problem with all such scoring methods we have tried to highlight only the general and obvious validity threats found.
Uh, Russia backed down and that's the good thing to do because if they did not and we went to nuclear war, I was trying to get my family out of Del Rio and back to NC, but it happened so fast I didn't get them back.
In Santiago de Cuba, try to see the Ballet Folklórico Cutumba, a renowned troupe that delves into the world of Afro-Cuban spirituality and ritual.
so i try to i try to catch that if nothing else
If Gore tried that on Bradley during their next debate, I think we might all see him a little differently.)
He'll be trying cases, day after day.
And he was good at doing things with his hands and some business but he took a lot tried to be a banker and he couldn't be banker because he built homes for people then financed the homes.
The House of Quality on Hebron Road and the Jerusalem Artists’ House on Shmuel Hanagid Street are the most famous; also try the New City.
the rent plus trying plus trying to get the money for another car another car and
That column also quotes the suggestion of a Yale Law professor that given this trend, Congress ought to try to raise money for the Federal treasury by offering to name new tax provisions after donors.
Recommendation: Our report shows that al Qaeda has tried to acquire or make weapons of mass destruction for at least ten years.
Umm, other than them, I'm trying to think, favorites.
If your time is limited, try one of the day trips offered in all the major resorts or focus your attention on Ronda.
well if you if you're on you're on the usenet groups you might try uh alt privacy
A WP item mentions in passing that since 1990 Bill Moyers has been drawing $200,000 a year from an organization trying to change campaign finance laws, which Moyers describes as having turned politics into "an arms race for money."
These measures provide no mechanism for distinguishing between the addled physician who inappropriately orders every test that springs to mind, and the reflective physician who is trying to get to the bottom of a patient's complaint, rather than simply throw a Band-Aid over the symptoms [4].
They had to come earlier in the morning and had to stay later in the afternoon, and most of them were poor, because if you tried to farm in the sand hills of NC, it was pretty hard to make a living.
Try to be in Petulu, 6 km (4 miles) north of Ubud, by about 4pm.
well you have to try it you'll like it
If I were trying to help him, I would tell him to never ever read from a speech--that just makes the performance even more deadly.
"This is a big step the Supreme Court has taken in demonstrating for all attorneys in the state how important it is that lawyers be made aware of their responsibilities to try to ensure legal services for all," Leonard F. Amari, a past president of the Illinois State Bar Association and chair of the Lawyers Trust Fund, said in a press release.
These individuals become their heroes, and uh, they try to emulate them.
In the absence of an indigenous alphabet, Japanese scholars had with the greatest difficulty tried to adapt the complex ideograms of monosyllabic Chinese to the essentially polysyllabic Japanese.
have a certain fee that they charge each month and an installation fee and they're real hot hot about uh trying to get uh trying to sell these systems to everybody
"The key to raising money online is trying to develop a relationship of e-commerce with supporters.
We do not know how environmental fluctuations like these will affect the natural production of young fish, says Kleiber, expressing the concern that without a better understanding of climate, fisheries scientists end up trying to estimate moving targets.
So we take it back to my house and, uh, we are sitting there trying to bend it back and, uh, so his parents don't get mad at him that he messed up his jet ski or whatever.
The road, swamped with cars, bicyclists, and tour buses, can be tortuous, as they all try to squeeze into the tiny parking lot at the top.
and every time i try to put the battery in it doesn't have enough charge on it so i have to take it over to a friend's house and get it charged up again try try it again it rained here all last week so i didn't get a chance to do it
He speaks preternaturally slowly, as if operating underwater, so that watching him in discussion with two or three fast-on- their-feet political analysts is much like watching a valium addict trying to communicate with a roomful of meth heads.
They're trying to discover whether CWD strains exist that can affect the length of the disease process and different regions of the brain or that can infect different species, including humans.
Trying to help her out.
In Tokyo, try the weekend market at Harajuku, and check the English-language press for details of shrine and temple markets.
well i won't say they didn't try it
Miss Manners, who doubtless blushed at such treatment, has been trying to live up to the philosophical flattery and live down the ideological company ever since.
As further encouragement for the 200 or so followers they have picked up already, the consortium schools have given their graduates Palm organizers, paid for companies to help with their billing, and offered free legal research and even yoga and meditation classes, almost anything to help make life a little easier for those trying to hang out their shingles.
He had a gun shop, he tried several different stores, and he had a gun shop.
It tried to regain its independence from Rome, but proved too small and weak, and was conquered by Emperor Septimius Severus in a.d. 196.
i mean i can't even imagine you know trying to uh you sound like you're doing pretty well there with four children
The ad side of all newspapers is constantly trying to get the ed side to say nice things about those advertising.
To do this, we examined fungi in the air and on leaf surfaces rather than trying to separate opportunistic and obligate pathogens from non-pathogens.
I was spinning my wheels trying to figure out how I can make it work.
Try to visit early or late in the season to avoid the crowds and their worst excesses.
and uh we used to get Arts and Entertainment in San Antonio and i we get a little bit of the good ones here but we used to try and catch uh some of the stuff they had on there
Dictionaries are generally consistent products of superior scholarship and care; at this stage of the game, trying to change what Madison Avenue calls “brand loyalty” is like getting someone who has been driving a Ford all his life to switch to a Toyota.
Solicitor General Olson tried unsuccessfully to reach Attorney General John Ashcroft.
Well, you know, and then, of course, the Antichrist is trying to trying to say that well, you know, that they have machine guns hidden under their clothing, and, but they're, they're absolutely wearing their tattered, same tattered clothes that they would wear in the Bible.
Try the following agenda: early start at a Paris street market to buy a picnic; morning tour of the palace; stroll through the palace gardens to lunch beside the Grand Canal; siesta and tea in the gardens of the Petit Trianon; finally, wander back across the palace gardens for a last sunset view of the great château.
and i don't know the way the generations are up growing up now i mean i just think they watch so much more T V i try to limit what they watch they aren't sitting in the house watching T V all day
Saddam Hussein would still be in Kuwait if we had tried to rely on sanctions.
But as lawyers try to meet demands with technology, the basic needs remain: meeting the need for legal services among the poor or underserved.
And I'm trying to think of something specific.
Mini-buses dart in and out of the traffic to pick up passengers and there’s a frantic rush at peak times as everyone tries to leave the city at once.
and of course in scientific uses uh things like the like a mile uh or i'm not sure a pound uh have have some use whenever you try to uh combine them into formula then you have to
Go for all the sexual self-help you can, but do it covertly . Watch a sex video (or porn flick) if you want--but by yourself, and then try to share what you learned without sharing how you learned it.
Invoking President Bush's own language, Clarke wrote,"You are left with a modest effort to swat flies, to try to prevent specific al Qida attacks by using [intelligence] to detect them and friendly governments' police and intelligence officers to stop them.
// Trying, trying to think of a subject to talk about and I I'm, I'm not good at remembering stories.
Whether you have booked in advance or not, try to arrive at the plaza de toros with an hour to spare, enough time to watch the crowd and feel the tension rising.
that's about the only form i'm trying to think of of other things that i do that
To approach humanitarian aid from the perspective of a few of its providers, try the U.S.
Companies have found that trying to capture the knowledge required to stabilize the design of a product that requires significant amounts of new content is an unmanageable task, especially if the goal is to reduce cycle times and get the product into the marketplace as quickly as possible.
"Well, you try to iron."
Los Angeles is undeniably car country, though it is trying to alleviate its congestion and pollution by building a light-rail network.
i was gonna say there've been several times when i know they had ice storms down in Dallas uh that we would be up here trying to call and it we'd figure out after about the first hour that there ain't nobody at work
Pick up any Monday New York Times from the past month, and check out the "equity offerings this week" column, and you'll be astonished--at least I always am--at how many companies are trying to tap the public markets in a time of relative weakness.
According to Division Chief for Lower Manhattan Peter Hayden, "We had a very strong sense we would lose firefighters and that we were in deep trouble, but we had estimates of 25,000 to 50,000 civilians, and we had to try to rescue them."
Because everybody was trying to show--
On the Riviera, try Rapallo, San Remo, or Garlenda (near Alassio).
and uh we try to take a vacation with them every year camping of some sort something that wasn't expensive
After cataloging pejoratives associated with Jewish women, which a group is trying to counter in the media, the paragraph asserts that Monica Lewinsky fits them all.
He did not task field offices to try to determine whether any plots were being considered within the United States or to take any action to disrupt any such plots.
And we flag down an officer and he comes and he tries and tells us, he proceeds to tell us there was a black belt, wait the murder belt?
Try to be there at sunset, too, to see the city light up.
have you have you tried uh you know beginning something and it hasn't worked so you've
It is taken as given in the dictionary business in the U.S. that if a dictionary bears the name “Webster” it magically attracts sales far beyond those of a dictionary that tries to rely for its success on quality alone.
‘What we're saying is that science in the UK is not yet well-funded enough to say we would rather do this [the ERC] instead of the things that we're already trying to get done in the UK scene.
I went in to conference with them, and I went over to uh, talk with them in person and explain to him what I wanted to do and showed me how I could incorporate the mandates of uh, scholarship that I was trying to get, the fellowship.
Ideally, you should have a partner who acts impatient and tries to get you to leave.
um well i don't entertain that often uh when i do though i i have some friends that i always like to experiment on but you know um i see a recipe and think oh wow i'd really like to try this cause i'm single and i live by myself
Many of these new marketing programs that were first announced by Mr. Willes have been tried and appear to be unsuccessful.
This was done by expressing the network in terms of coupled differential equations, picking parameters at random from within prespecified ranges, solving the equation set numerically, then picking another random set of parameters and obtaining a new numerical solution, and so forth, until 240,000 cases were tried.
And that was the big thing for all the guys, was to steal the Shoney's Big Boy and try to get it on top of their car and go riding down the road with it on top of the car.
This 17th century manor house with period interior and 19th century working farm and museum is very popular with children, who enjoy trying their hand at traditional farm tasks such as milking cows.
today it's it's really graphic they try to make it too realistic
In one sense, this has made the exercise of trying to game the Fed easier, since there's more material to go on.
Under these hierarchies, the organizations try to link the goals and performance measures for each organizational level to successive levels and ultimately to the organization's strategic goals.
And I kept trying to tell him, "Well," you know, "The makeup is not coming off."
The Muslims tried to purify the Islamic practice of the Hindu rituals which had accrued over the years.
and uh um i'm trying to think because we saw another one that we thought was really good early this summer that was a suspenseful movie
However, she will try.
So researchers have been trying to find ways to predict who will benefit from therapy with these drugs and who won't.
And, uh, as I go along, I'll, I'll talk a little bit more about, you know, my, my family's interpretation of this whole thing because that's part of what when I, when I think of Deirdre and I think of the loss of Deirdre, some of what I try to come to terms with is why, why my family interpreted her choice the way they did.
The Dutch were the next to try: in 1625, they succeeded in pinning the Spanish into the confines of El Morro; but after looting everything of value, they set fire to San Juan and departed.
uh they're real good she's been writing for a long time and i was trying to remember she wrote one uh she writes they've always have gone the spy um
We were both apologetic, and the hostess seems to have forgiven us but, Prudence: 1) What's the best way to try removing the stain?
Lawyers and judges are trying to raise money for the agency that many say has worked magic with little more than gumption, hardscrabble dollars and a rambling, second-floor warren of rooms across the street from City Hall.
I remember when I was kid, I was always trying to, uh, find out about the future because of the fear that it brings.
At first the Americans tried to mediate between the Communists and the Nationalists, even while continuing to supply the Nationalists.
i think that so they want to you know try and i think they're trying i think that i think that most of the politicians understand this
Just as the shift of money into Internet stocks was partly the product of a virtuous circle created by institutions trying to keep their portfolios invested in stocks that had "momentum," so too was the shift out partly the product of a vicious circle created by institutions trying to dump stocks that suddenly didn't have momentum.
Correlation of genes in the same pathway is precisely the phenomenon we are often trying to identify.
However, the surrounding fertile countryside is attractive, the spicy Hunan cuisine is worth trying, the scenic mountain areas of the province are outstanding, and the archaeological displays are stunning.
Most of the halls date from the Qing Dynasty, although Yuanchen Hall, where visitors try to locate the deity on the zodiac of their birthday, dates from the time of Kublai Khan.
i haven't gotten the chance lately though to play i'm trying to get back into it uh
We want to do whatever we can to help Texans through this trying time."
35 According to the 2001 Retirement Confidence Survey,36 about 46 percent of American workers have not tried to calculate how much they need to save for retirement.
Revisiting these issues tried the patience of some of the officials who felt they had already been down these roads and who found the NSC's procedures slow."
The UAE embassy in turn contacted the Hamburg police and a UAE representative tried to find him in Germany, visiting mosques and Shehhi's last address in Hamburg.
Then he was smug about it, trying to lie about it, trying to act like, you know, nothing happened, you know, anyway two, what two days later, he, he fired me.
and the bank has a lot of programs now for child care referrals i've of course it's too late for me so i've i've not tried them to see how effective they are but
it really would be and and then the that really invades it plus uh you you just trying to settle down to do something and then uh here they come and they
I tie it tight around my electrical/biomedical-engineering-from-USC-filled head, over my up-to-the-minute, very fashionable, mostly European designer clothes (sorry, don't mean to brag, just trying to break that ridiculous stereotype).
Then it will try to deepen Russia's economic crisis with a view to destroying its nuclear capability.
The Post also says that more than a year prior to secretly taping Monica Lewinsky, Linda Tripp tried to sell a book about the Clinton White House, asking the conservative publisher Alfred Regnery for something in the neighborhood of $500,000.
The missionaries struggled valiantly against the dictates of the desert, trying simultaneously to survive the harshness of their circumstances and spread the Mormon faith.
So we drove up to Washington, and he went to the Pentagon and tried really hard for them to take him back and they said that what he was doing with the post office was in the best interest of the government and the country and he could serve much better by getting the mail to the soldiers.
It is one the Libraries are trying very hard to eliminate, but the rapidly increasing price of materials makes the task difficult.
Try saying that in Latin, Dr. Egg.
Man's fantasy and tendency is to go into the occult, into black magic and the dark side because that's where he dwells and that's where his heart is, uh, settled in right now and until you know the Lord and know the true meaning of life and your purpose you're always searching in the dark side for the, the meaning of reality and the meaning of life, always trying to find out about the future.
The Wall Street Journal states that the plaintiffs' lawyers hired by Texas to try the case will receive as part of the deal almost $2.
One is that the dog is attempting to take on the odour like a perfume, the other is that the odour is too strong to cover with a urine mark so the dog tries to cover it with its entire body surface [ 30 ] .
keep our fingers in the pot and try to
One low cost/high value option would be for companies that have already tried a particular research direction to warn TDI if the collaboration was about to investigate a known dead end.
And we used to try to dress up and pretend we were businesswomen.
cook and then the next time it would be my turn and i'd try to outdo him and then he'd try to outdo me and we we was really a lot of fun and
i i've carried it through i love to read now and and uh that's why we've we've made it a point whenever she brings us a book that we don't you know we always sit down with her right then and read it so that we try and instill that on her that
Last night I reprised our run over the bridge, trying several new bars, a different brand of goo, and a couple of drinks.
Off the East Coast, try deep-sea fishing for barracuda or shark.
Try taking a trip around the caldera, with stops at the new volcanic islands of Nea and Palea Kameni.
For jazz and blues clubs in Kraków, try U Muniaka (ul. Florianska 3), Klub Indigo (ul. Florianska 26), and Klinika 35 (ul. •w. Tomasza 35).
oh yeah i i guess there's a lot to to think about when you're trying to make that decision
The men then try to unbalance their opponent.
When the Department of Health and Human Services was trying out delivery of Head Start services to parents and children in their own homes, called Home Start, the Department supplemented a formal assessment of the development of the children before and after the program with case studies (High/Scope Educational Research Foundation, 1972).
yeah we tried using Chem Lawn but um our problem is our front yard is completely different from the backyard
At first, only a few retailers required this, and apparel manufacturers tried to meet these needs with minimal changes in their internal practices.
But he told me to go ahead and try it, so I took the entrance test, and they accepted me into at the school, and I took some courses there.
and uh i've read a lot about uh that particular sect and i don't particularly care for it so i especially don't like for them to come up to my door and try and talk to me
yeah that that huge it's suppose to be a huge stadium and it's going to have little shopping centers in it and little like a lake or something running through it and uh they're going to try to make it a real community center out there
for right now i'm trying to get out
what was i'm trying to remember oh the other the one i talked about the other night was good it was
Then I think you should reschedule the depositions and try to do that.
I am trying to narrowly draw this.
And we try to keep them at a minimum and we will keep them at a minimum during the trial.
All we are trying to accomplish with this task is to choose a biology book that teaches the most prevalent theories.
There is that possibility of trying to elicit something sensational, but I think he was also trying to prepare for what might happen later on in the meeting since they tended to denigrate in shouting matches.
I tried another explorer, Ernest Giles.
In other words, based on what they knew about a group of languages which were documented, they tried to imagine the language that they sprang from.
Lets wait and try to offset the amount we owe them with what they owe us - so I say wait until you get July and August done.
Cyril: I try continually . . . Oh!
For example a score of 23 to 28 indicated a Chicano Barriologist was “muy de aquellas” (very Chicano); 18 to 22 indicated High Potential, “o ya casi” (almost a Chicano); 13 to 17 was half Mexican, half American, or “keep trying, you”; 8 to 12 was a “vendido” (sellout or culturally deprived); and 0 to 7 was a “pendejo” (dummy, jerk).
The esszet (pronounced ess-tset) was formed when mediæval (for US read medieval) humanists got carried away and tried to force German into the Græco-Latin mould of grammar and spelling (a disease that spread to the British Isles, too).
Alynne was crazy, and speaking of my dysfunctional family, my, my brother was in love with Alynne and my brother's girlfriend wanted to kill Alynne, and Alynne was crazy and probably on Prozac, and, Alynne tries to kill herself you know, as we hear, she, she's constantly trying to kill herself, and, she contributes all her problems to the fact that my brother, I don't know, that she wasn't with my brother I guess.
In Figure 5we also try to illustrate the potential abuse of using filtered gene subsets (based on statistics measuring differential expression) to achieve significant results, given that such filtering is commonplace in microarray literature.
"They tried tremendously to help me at the Blind Rehabilitation Center, but the only resources for a businessperson were for the non-disabled and non-blind", Miyares said.
he was i found i just i tried uh
At nearby Barbour’s General Store, an authentic 19th-century grocery, try the local specialty of dulse, an edible seaweed that is New Brunswick’s answer to chewing gum.
Just try to get Kotex or Tampax in Harare," she counsels her husband.
Jeans-makers have tried to satisfy the majority by making many different styles and sizes, but for some customers there still are not enough choices.
In other words, the reader needs to wonder, would Moore be making these arguments if he didn't desperately need them to try to save face?
And then, because she was trying to rush it, you know, trying to keep him alive, she said he would run on two feet, he would run around the whole yard, whole yard and as soon as he would get tired he would jump, do a flip, and go on the other two feet and just keep on running.
But, as I have tried to explain to some of you, costs trumped caps in HR22; that is, you were still likely to see increases akin to those you experience under current law.
Worst of all, Wanda had to deal with this worsening problem as she was trying to succeed at her new job.
i guess but we're going to try that and see how that works an experiment i'd like to try you know just try something new every year that i haven't tried before and
Philae has one of the most evocative sound and light shows in Egypt, so do try and make time to return in the evening to see it .
Jonah tried to run away from
Why not try the idea?
They're also genuinely curious about the phenomenon of Bush's popularity and are trying to explain it--starting from the premise that it must be justified.
After the Afghan tribals reported that they had tried such an ambush and failed, the Center gave up on it, despite suspicions that the tribals' story might be fiction.
Try fighting with your head for a change, it's a good one.
Try, little girl--try to live!"
Eventually, the seat tries nails and hammers jointly, and that complementary pair works.
By trying to explain why alternatively- or incompletely-cut TAS regions are also multi-TAS regions, while completely-cut positions have a single TAS, we have attempted to infer properties of the trans -acting machinery that works at these sites.
When I tried to get answers to my questions, I got nothing - not even encouragement or advice.
uh where you go to the doctor and it only costs you ten dollars and the insurance picks up the rest if you tried to buy something like that i'm probable it would probably be five or six hundred dollars a month
Also try El Galeón, in a make-believe pirate ship that sets sail from under Havana’s La Cabaña fortress.
"Try stripping him and leaving him in a cold shower for a while-that'll get him singing," says the man in black.
The equipment is capital intensive, especially if computerized or die-cutting machinery is used; therefore, plant managers try to keep these lines producing as much as possible.
The NYT Timor front-pager focuses on the Washington tempo, noting for instance that the Department of Defense is taking the lead there, with the Pentagon's top soldier trying to jawbone Indonesia's top general into personally taking firm control of the situation.
And so he heads out that way spinning tires trying, trying to catch up to the guy.
Having spent a decade trying to develop ribozymes, says Usman, Sirna is prepared for the rough road it faces.
tried not too diligently to get involved with that organic gardening composting i have two dogs and they would eat every bit of compost i'd put out there and i fenced it off with chicken wire about two or three feet high
Or you could try a traditional embroidered hat complete with long silk tassel, now only worn during folkloric spectacles.
The first section discusses animal sexuality in its many forms and the ways biologists have tried to explain it away.
3 For his next project, the Lenox Library, Hunt tried something different.
Do try to fight the urge to reconnect with Jim Beam.
I mean if somebody threatens them or tries to harm them at all, they're immediately consumed in, uh, in uh burst of fire.
And, we try to augment this on-going effort with special opportunities for the students, like the Visiting Artists Series, the latest computer graphic equipment, the best faculty and the most meaningful art exhibitions.
yeah uh of course you know with uh with with Dahlmer now uh you you realize that Ohio i think it's Ohio uh gets to try him next and they do have the death penalty
I try continually to avoid repetition.
(And keep in mind that Tripp was covertly trying to keep the conversation going and to steer it in a certain direction.)
"Because," she said, "I'm trying," uh, "I have the title to his car and I'm trying to give it to him."
Researchers from fieldwork traditions would have argued that they could provide the most useful information by spending some time at the site of the training program, trying to understand what the program meant to those who were involved in it, and reporting on what was happening from the perspective of those who were making it happen.
and i see that a lot with the young girls that think that's all they wanted was careers and then when they hit around thirty four thirty five they decide well the really want to try motherhood
Here, the felucca (Nile sailboat) pilots gather, trying to sell an afternoon or sunset trip on their graceful craft, and Nile Cruisers lie several abreast, disgorging their passengers for tours or shopping trips.
The program assembles coherent technology graphs and chair-assembly pathways as follows: An object tries a connection, shown by a black line, to another object.
The player who has devised a `double' provides to the others a definition, whereupon they try to respond with the precise double.
He was supposedly this old man in a black hat and he walked around from neighborhood to neighborhood trying to follow kids.
In the field of injury epidemiology and injury control, we try to avoid the use of the term "accidents" and instead use terms such as "injury events."
Our dads came home, moved into nuclear family houses, farther from their parents, aunts, uncles, etc than ever before, tried to live with rectitude and diligence amid rising prices and elevated standards of liveable housekeeping, tried to be husbands and fathers to uncomprehending wives and children.
Consider, he said, legal language, and try translating it to ordinary statements about human agents without using legal concepts.
well just the just the opportunity to try the voting machines yeah
If you’d like to try fishing, you can get yourself a good barbecued supper of white fish, pike perch or eel from the Havel, Müggelsee, and the Glienicker See.
Uh, I feel that man basically is a spiritual being first and he is always trying to get to the root problems of his personality and his surroundings.
Advocates also argue that interest is essentially created by the program because taxes and accounting costs would eat away the money if lawyers tried to set up a similar program to benefit the clients.
He thought such talk was trivial and tried to not tell such tales, even to himself.
Buying jeans is based on both style and fit; for many people this means trying on several different brands and finally making compromises.
Cruise's brow is preternaturally low, and when he tries to simulate brain activity he looks like a Neanderthal contemplating his Cro-Magnon neighbor's presentation of fire: What this orange snake make finger feel hot?
but uh i try to catch the game every weekend that i can
Try the pavilion at sunrise and the mosque at sunset.
i never did i always tried to understand things not tried to memorize
You can take a taxi or try a camel ride, very appropriate given the terrain.
i i've tried it once or twice but i didn't feel like i was very good at it either my grandson got me to one day but
It’s hard to imagine a faith more hostile to all idolatry, fierce in its uncompromising monotheism, and opposed to the caste system as Islam When sufi mystics or the emperor Akbar tried to create a synthesis between the two faiths, the orthodox on both sides resisted.
a few months ago that they had six member juries i thought that they you know it was always twelve twelve men tried and true so to speak
Japan is still trying to define its place in a world in which it is constantly accused of being an economic whale but a political minnow — just one of the pieces of the puzzle that is modern Japan.
yeah i mean i mean Saddam Hussein lost so much money during the war that it was ridiculous and he all he was trying to do was make money at the beginning so
As an exception to the general rule of not making big purchases until near the end of your visit, it makes sense to buy camera equipment as soon as possible so you can try it out during the trip.
but uh i haven't been down to the recycling center yet to find out exactly what they need or what they're taking all that i've just read a lot about it and i'm keeping these big piles of it right now to try to dump it out this weekend in fact
If, after concluding a deal, you try to pay with a credit card, he may then boost the price in order to cover the card charges.
you know so you might as well not even try
Try Marcus-Graf (ul. Widok 10, in Beniaminów near Warsaw; Tel. 816 10 08), TM Pretor (ul. Zaaruskiego 6, Warsaw; Tel. 838 25 35), Rival Paintball Guns (ul. Bartosika 10/77, Warsaw; Tel. 671 22 63), or Extreme Sports (ul. Klaudyny 18/5, Warsaw; Tel. 833 73 73).
Pilgrims, often making the last of the trek on their knees, pray to her image and place mementos and offerings of thanks for her miracles; among them are small boats and prayers for those who have tried to escape Cuba on rafts.
so he went he went and got a locking gas cap and they cut tried to break that off he
Nearly everyone knows the game of bingo, the mini-lottery in which players try to line up a horizontal or vertical row of randomly drawn numbers.
uh well i don't know about that but i in fact i'm in the process of trying to choose a PhD school
The picturesque Petit Trianon, where Marie-Antoinette tried to hide from the Revolution, has the allure of a doll’s house in comparison with the rest of Versailles.
Try looking down some of the side-streets off the Ku’damm.
um you know surrendering and trying to get out of that situation and and the um uh you know
Fishing is an extremely popular sport in Britain; with so many lakes to choose from and so much breathtaking countryside all around, the Lake District is an ideal place to try your hand.
i wish i did i i hope you're you're a person who does things better than i i don't have a budget that's one of my goals for this year is to try to get myself in a good
and and gradually as things try and uh and
Try the Aquarium of the Lakes at Lakeside, the Pencil Museum at Keswick, or the World of Beatrix Potter Exhibition at Bowness.
i'm trying to have the oil changed at the the right times and things like that
However, even some of these will prove remarkably flexible if you try bargaining.
the want help wanted ads and so often they they try the newspapers are trying to compete with a lot of other sources of newspaper of news
During the spring and autumn festivals, when people traditionally seek out the hilltops, the throngs are so large you would be better advised to try another time.
i'm trying to think well uh what about City Slickers since you watch um
If you try to drive here, you’ll have to pay to travel the access road.
in Panama and and and try and indite him i i don't understand what that was all about
Cruise around the Great Lakes, try the watersports on Georgian Bay, and explore the Thousand Islands or Point Pelee nature reserve.
you know and they'll regroup out in the mountains and they'll try it again in a couple of years
Look out for jewelry along carrer Plateria, and try carrer Jaume II for clothing and fans.
well uh lately since i have children i've cut down on having dinner parties but when i do i try to keep it pretty simple on things that i can prepare ahead of time
Try your hand at haggling and you are guaranteed to get a better price than you thought.
no no i haven't uh i hadn't tried in fact we were we were planting flowers this weekend so uh i was pretty tied up
Try Jacadi, Oilily, or Tartine et Chocolat.
yeah and they were trying to figure out how to solve that problem if they were planning on going to Mars because you know it would be a real long term talking about a couple of years i guess
The remains, which include streets with houses and pretty communal squares, have been placed under a protective, corrugated roof that gets hot and crowded, so try to visit as early in the day as possible.
but that didn't work out too well so now we're we're trying to build it back up
For fabrics, also try Western Market, Morrison Street, in Central.
that makes a difference uh here in Dallas they're trying to
Prices are as marked; do not try to bargain.
have you tried niacin
The years from 1946 to 1949 saw the Dutch trying to reassert control; however, weakened as it was from years of Nazi occupation, the Netherlands was not able to muster the huge forces needed to recapture all the islands.
and it was weird it was like they were trying if you were good boy let's don't have you on our team you know but um this year they had all good players except for the quarterback
Today it stands beside the new fast road and its prayers are perhaps most needed by those trying to cross from the opposite side to visit it.
and uh she's tried many uh avenues and
The seafood along this coast is especially good: try the reasonably priced lobster and giant periwinkles.
oh that's right Coach yes that's another one that i try not to miss although it use to be better i don't know it seems well
You can also try the pendozalis.
you know is is uh it's kind of a strange thing we've been trying to make something like this happen for so long that when it finally happens you say whoa wait a minute you know what's uh what's what's really happening here
You might find yourself looking at an old man or woman, guessing how old they were on 6 August 1945 and trying to imagine what they were doing at 8:15am, the instant of the atomic explosion that reverberated around the world.
i definitely no i don't think so i don't think that that's something that we should try to get excited about watching like boxing or some sport i don't agree with that and i don't even think that they need to
The merchants at first tried the soft sell, offering cloth, wine, and necklaces for ivory and gold, but the traders of Calicut were insulted at being taken for “natives” who could be bought with cheap hooch and glass baubles.
from ages nine to two and it's just unfeasible for me to try to get a job because all the money that i would be making would be going to day care
In south Tenerife you can also try Bonadea II (Puerto Colón, dock pantalan 4); Sea Quest (Puerto Colón, dock pantalan 8).
but it must be interesting now trying to do something to a basic ranch style home uh after having a
Before he could try again, a messenger arrived with an order commuting Nichiren’s sentence to exile on the island of Sadogashima.
i consider that to be the invasion of privacy particularly when i'm sitting down at the dinner table and they give me a call and i i have to answer this phone to find out they're trying to sell me something and my dinner's getting cold
Nevertheless--the "nevertheless" paragraph ineluctably follows the "to be sure" one--it would be a mistake to try to turn back the clock.
Cummins and Hewlett Packard managers indicated that, in the past, their companies learned the hard way by trying to make quantum leaps in product performance and by including immature technologies.
You know, trying to like, you know, teach me something in some way.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow-water work, giving you an opportunity to try out the basic techniques before committing yourself a full open-water course.
and that's the big thing i think that they they try to promote
The highlight: To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $300 million in local taxes, Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $3 million in support for D.C. charities.
We will only know the extent to which we were successful when other groups try to reuse and extend these software tools.
And, um, the, my partner was drawing a anvil, but I can't remember now what he was trying to get me to say, but it was from a cartoon.
Clothing: Leather is a popular item, though rarely cheap; try Tel Aviv.
(Apparently the publishers are trying to pass this book off to some buyers as neutral social history.)
Yeah go ahead and try it.
Between the Nipponbashi and Namba districts, try to find nearby Doguya-suji, (“Kitchen Street”), a narrow alley of restaurant wholesalers.
i'm trying to think of anything else that's changed over the last ten or twenty years
He said he was just trying to help them get the money they needed for credit card bills and home improvements.
Try to vary the kind of places that you stay in.
five years a great big one and then like immediate family we do like uh we try to do one thing once a year
(I won't begin to justify all the bad reasons for Barry's popularity--race resentment, patronage, etc.--but will try to explain one good one .) Even for Washingtonians who had forgiven Barry his crimes, the prospect of another campaign appalled.
And so, I would try to explain to her how it was very important, with all the growth we were experiencing in Cabarrus County, to keep the, uh, the number of kids in the classrooms to less than 30 if we could, and we weren't meeting that with the growth.
For information about lessons and/or group excursions, try Armathwaite Hall, Equestrian Centre, Coalbeck Farm, Bassenthwaite, Keswick; Tel. (017687) 76949 (open year-round), or Park Foot Trekking Centre, Pooley Bridge, Ullswater; Tel. (017684) 86696 (open March–October).
any of your Christmas presents were packed in put them in this bag and leave it out with your recycling and we'll uh take all of those back and try to recycle them
He writes that several years ago he tried to persuade Norman to devise a screenplay about Shakespeare's relationship with the homosexual playwright Christopher Marlowe, whose murder in a tavern in 1593 forms a subplot to Shakespeare in Love . Other scholars are gentler on the film.
The basic life-cycle model of saving holds that people are trying to smooth their standard of living over their lifetime.
So I just had to take the totals and try and figure it like that.
They tried to make up for the ugliness of their new building by restoring Number Twenty Nine as a museum representing a typical bourgeois house of the period (see page 65).
and if i tried to wear things that were a little bit more businesslike
"People have tried to suggest they are former friends, but when the dust settles I think they'll be okay."
In my work as a graduate student, I am trying to address this question.
It's got garlic and um, I'm trying to remember what kind of peppers are in it, but it is so good!
maybe and then you think if well if it was longer terms then they would never have try to please the people at home
On July 11, Hadley tried to hurry along preparation of the armed system.
And I try to tell people this is the environment you want to try to tell my students, to encourage them to embrace the kind of environment where it's safe, to agree or disagree, to discuss anything.
But no one tried to correct its appealing tilt, insignificant when compared to the Tower of Pisa but notable nonetheless.
and trying to raise several children and i could see across the border where the good life would be for my children
Creationists, recognizing this equation, try to force precisely this choice.
A lot of them white people start getting jealous and start trying, you know, take the property and stuff doing little stuff, going out killing his chickens.
Chinese tourists — and poets — might spend a week or more exploring the mountains, but foreign visitors try to squeeze it all into a day or two.
the problem is she's a school teacher and for her she can't run in the morning For her to get home and try to run at six o'clock in the night in the winter time it's starting to get dark and
The Post ought to try to see how many actual letter carriers ever saw the inside of a suite.
We're trying to say that solo practice can be among the highest forms of public service, and is the only channel possible to serving low-income people."
I'm trying to think of the name of it.
For a traditional pub where you can sit among the locals, try the Guildford Arms, on West Register Street one block north of the east end of Princes Street.
so i haven't tried to do a lot myself
I say anyone who writes a masterpiece does a service to literature, just as anyone who tries to make a work of art grist for their political mill does it a disservice.
Here he came across about 14 units, many of which had been trying to find safe access to the South Tower.
And, uh, my mother eventually told us, you know, "Well, she has this thing uh and you know just really, and part of it has to do with her family, and the fact that people, you know, uh, when her sister tried to, you know, pass for white and thought she was better than everybody else and she kind of she thinks people who tried to pass for white think they're better than everybody else, and light people think they're better than everybody else."
In September 1944, Operation Market Garden, made famous in the film A Bridge Too Far, saw thousands of allied paratroops dropping into the Netherlands to try and take key bridges on rivers leading to Germany.
yeah oh i when i did ride my friends bike that one time i had uh i don't know what i was trying to do i was trying to make a U turn and i never could make a U turn in a bike i can do it in my car
The trouble was that while "heroic rebel defies orthodoxy" is a story so good that nobody even tries to check it out, "guy makes minor contribution to well-established field, proclaims himself its founder" is so boring as to be unpublishable.
Fischetti says, “We've tried very hard to identify resistant bacteria, but so far we haven't found resistant organisms in all three of the enzymes we're working with.
I was just there just trying to figure it out.
It’s easy to tell that they are not: Printed patterns don’t penetrate fully to the other side, while the real batik will show thin veins of color where the dye runs along tiny cracks in the wax (printed versions may try to simulate this).
i think i think the big thing is trying to stop here on the home front and before you know it it'll take a little bit of time before they'll realize that this is failing so they're going to have to go to the source
I can remember being greatly embarrassed once when I was trying to explain in Spanish about my being embarrassed, and how shocked my high school amigos were when I announced, they thought, that I was pregnant ( embarazada ). Incidentally, the last time we were in Guatemala we often heard the beautiful expression for `being pregnant,' tener gracia `to have grace' or `to be blessed.
She returned to the home on a later visit and the first lady even tried on his leather jacket and posed for a picture on Subia's motorcycle.
And the French people tried to attack him because he was, um, because he was in Germany.
Among the other popular water sports you might try are scuba diving and snorkeling.
so it's i i feel like i'm a little bit too uh much of a city city mouse to try doing it
"Nelson," said the patriarch, "whom are we trying to impress?"
And they couldn't stay in the Augusta area because people knew that they had tried to do something that was really taboo and try to pass for white.
In Sarawak, the best beaches are northwest of Kuching, at Damai, Santubong, or Bako National Park; in Sabah, either at Kota Kinabalu’s offshore islands of the Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park or up at Kudah on the northernmost tip of Borneo; over on Sabah’s east coast try the islands in and around Sandakan Bay.
and then i think it was when he finally drove the car over the yard or something like that and she finally trying uh i mean it gets from from little things like throwing things at him and dropping things on him to to where she's actually
During one heated GOP caucus, he made a scene by telling the speaker that he wouldn't succeed in intimidating him, because burly NFL linebackers had tried and failed.
Once you've tried table food, can you imagine sucking on one of them bottles, you know?
For serious antiques, try Honeychurch Antiques at no.
and Major Dad and i think that's the one night that we really try to watch television you know my husband's always got it on i'm not always sitting down at it
A second point that we would make To help avoid confusion Don't try to charge the same amount!
Before trying to explore how various reform options might affect national saving, it is useful to highlight how the current Social Security program affects personal saving, the Social Security trust fund, and government saving.
Yeah, he goes, "I am very upset I have been trying and trying to get this lug out of your tire and it will not come out and I am very upset.
yeah and now i have a daughter now my the one that was five months old is seven years old and the one and i have another one that's three and a half and i have all these clothes and toys and stuff that we're just trying to find places to put
One of Bradley's former opponents, Baltimore Bullet forward Jack Marin, spent every game "trying to escape Bradley's vise-like hold on his shorts," the Washington Post recently reported.
In phase three, if theTaliban's policy still did not change, the deputies agreed that the United States would try covert action to topple the Taliban's leadership from within.
So we needed to fix up some buildings and try to keep that.
Cave 31 tries to emulate the style of the great Hindu temple on a much smaller scale, but the artists here were working on much harder rock and so abandoned their effort.
yeah we have them too and i i'm trying to think which is the best uh that i prefer uh my wife uh
I've tried to do the same in writing about the place, for while I think Celebration is a flawed experiment with insidious implications, I also think that Disney was adventurous to try it, and that the architects and planners Disney employed to make it a reality are in thrall to a worthy ideal.
There is no evidence that State tried to limit the screening.
She was "Miss Prissy" out there, trying to camp .
According to legend, a scholar tried to write a poem worthy of the cave’s beauty, but before he could find adequate words he had turned to stone.
The six-year-old has been living with Miami relatives after being picked up at sea November 25 while trying to escape Cuba with his mother and others who died when their boat capsized."
He trying to act like he still got the car, they still got the car here, you know.
For modern painting, try the art galleries around Connaught Place in New Delhi and Mumbai’s Pundole and Chemould Galleries, not to forget the Academy of Fine Arts in Calcutta.
would too we usually uh like i said we try to go to a lake my husband and this uh other couple that we go with her husband um they like to um
But trying to starve the terrorists of money is like trying to catch one kind of fish by draining the ocean.
I'm still maintaining contact with, with Highway Patrol and, uh, they're hearing me fine and, uh, they're trying to get somebody out there to me.
Try Loughrigg and Loughrigg Terrace, easily reached from Grasmere village, for superb views of Windermere and Grasmere lakes.
oh yes but we try you know uh i try my husband also we're involved in everything our kids does because uh
In a letter to the NYT , a working mother explains how her household handles her child's homework: "First ask the babysitter for help; if that fails, try Mom's fax if she's not traveling to close a deal; if that fails, try Dad's fax if he's not in court, and if all of the above fail, call Grandma Ro.
U.S. authorities had continued to try to get cooperation from Pakistan in pressing the Taliban to stop sheltering Bin Ladin.
I try to weave some personal experience into the conversation.
From Guadeloupe, try Les Saintes and Marie-Galante, which both have safe anchorages or sail further to Antigua.
right yeah walking is kind of boring i do have a few friends that live in my apartment complex in this neighborhood and we try to
And where greater zealots might enlist "etiquette's weapon of disapproval" to try to restructure society and family life--sanctioning, say, births "out of what was sternly called wedlock"--Miss Manners demurs: "Miss Manners does not oppose the use of social pressure to encourage stable family life.
A group of researchers in Indonesia, for example, recently told a depressingly familiar story of trying to search the medical literature in preparation for a research project [2]; access barriers got in their way.
Um, and then if it was anything that was, you know, that I kind of correlated with, if it wasn't coming from a book, they were probably trying to get something into my head.
06-693 9377); try a kayak or go inner-tubing on the Jordan River at Park Hayarden (Abukayak; tel. 06-06-922 245) or at Kibbutz Kfar Blum, tel. 06-694 8755.
have you tried it
Try lingerie and no underwear.
The impetus behind PKQuest is to try and develop a "standard" set of human PBPK parameters that can be applied in the absence of this detailed information.
Try to visit early or late in the day to avoid the tour groups, or on Mondays, when most tours don’t operate; and remember to wear comfortable, flat shoes as there are many slippery stones worn smooth over the centuries, and numerous uneven areas where heels can catch.
Indeed, the Times notes, no president has even tried to offer a balanced one since 1971.
Work underway is focused on trying to develop a standardized PCR methodology for all filariasis programs to employ [ 14 ] . Simple standardized methods would permit comparisons of infection levels across epidemiologic settings as has been done with PCR assays for O. volvulus in black flies for Onchocerciasis control programs [ 4 5 ] . PCR methods for onchocerciasis work reliably for pools of up to 100 fly heads, an important advantage in terms of cost and throughput.
Then my children will hear it and then try to pull it too.
Try the Yuanlong Embroidery and Silk Store at the south entrance to the Temple of Heaven or the Ruifuxiang Silk and Cotton Store on the Dazhalan Mall off Qianmen Dajie.
and since the slips all look alike uh you commingle them and then you get the statement and you try to sort them out and it and it uh
When air disasters occur, there is an investigation to determine the cause, much as, at the end of a relationship, we try to understand why it failed, but without the advantage of voice recording, so we're left to squabble endlessly over who said what.
It's just this hard when I try to answer the question: Why do older Oklahomans need lawyers?
But I did try to get a job down there, teaching.
Perhaps the Muslim conquerors once perceived the Hindus’ reverence for Varanasi as a threat — there is no temple in this 3,000-year-old city dating from before the 18th century — but later it became a holy city for Muslims, too, with Emperor Aurangzeb even trying to rename it Muhammadabad.
uh rumors still persist i try not to believe them and listen to them but they still persist that the plant will close
(The secret: Knees together, and don't try to stride.)
In both performance measurement and human capital development, practices used by the federal CIOs differed from those of CIOs in leading organizations, though federal CIOs were actively trying to address the issues.
Oh wait, I'm trying, I think.
Try it yourself, perhaps at dawn, when a thin haze drapes itself over the pavilions, redefining yet softening the features of this storybook skyline.
uh parts to it she gave him an F on that paper and i thought well now here you have a student who is trying to pass who is struggling with your subject and you give them an F
Henry Adams said, "Pierpont Morgan is apparently trying to swallow the sun."
Modern mathematics, together with Kolmogorov complexity and information theory, has taught us another fundamental concept that may be relevant when trying to understand the logic of the mind.
And, uh, my mother eventually told us, you know, "Well, she has this thing uh and you know just really, and part of it has to do with her family, and the fact that people, you know, uh, when her sister tried to, you know, pass for white and thought she was better than everybody else and she kind of she thinks people who tried to pass for white think they're better than everybody else, and light people think they're better than everybody else."
i'm trying but i just can't recycle everything just not that dedicated
It was not mentioned in Raymond Pace Alexander's piece how he worked in the 1950s to try to desegregate Girard College (he failed) and how he tried to get the Mummers in their annual parade to stop using blackface makeup (he failed there, too).
Third, in parallel with Manderson and Aygepong's work in Ghana [ 15 ] , who found that knowledge of malaria was not a necessary prerequisite for mosquito-avoidance behaviour, we also found that many inhabitants are actively trying to avoid being bitten, even if knowledge of how malaria is transmitted is incorrect or lacking.
Try to be there in late afternoon when a handful of resident monks chant timeless Gregorian vespers.
and we have tried several years in a row and we've given up between the fire ants the pill bugs the weeds the drought and a hundred and ten degree heat all Summer and we just kind of uh
Hoberman, the New York Times Book Review ). Set in 1830s New York, the book features an eclectic cast of characters--hucksters, one-legged actresses, anti-Semitic pamphleteers, a man who tries to establish a Jewish state in upstate New York--who combine to form "a richly textured, almost Dickensian community" (Alexandra Lange, New York ). The New Yorker calls it "a work of singular, surreal vision."
Instead of searching for new antibiotics by modifying existing ones, some researchers are trying something completely different—first finding the most vulnerable targets in a bacterium and then designing something that hits one or more of them hard.
And so I would go over there and we would watch TV on Saturday mornings, and usually I would spend the night, and, um, so we'd watch TV during the day and then we would go shopping at the mall and her mom always gave us 20 dollars to spend on anything we wanted so that was always fun and I remember we would during the day watch music videos and just hang out and have fun, and she had an older sister named Tina, and it was in high school, and we were in grade school at the time, and we would always try on her clothes and because she was really stylish and had the Guess?
It’s certainly worth trying.
well we moved in when we moved in there there wasn't any outside lights and so we've been trying to install some
Far from protecting PK's reputation, the boys keep trying to get inside its blouse.
Volunteer pro bono and Legal Aid services such as these are vitally needed as poor and moderate-income Oregonians try to stay healthy in a sick economy.
And I try to tell Charlotte that we just passed an officer and needless, to say, uh, they didn't get up with him.
For an overall view, try the Skylon and Minolta towers.
trying to think which one that is but i'm not it's a real popular one
You wonder why no one has ever tried this before.
Language Evolution, a compilation of essays by a diverse group of respected researchers, is amongst the first books that try to tackle what is arguably one of the hardest scientific problems.
// Trying, trying to think of a subject to talk about and I I'm, I'm not good at remembering stories.
The Byzantine Emperor at the time, Manuel II (1391–1425), tried to appease his enemies by allowing a Turkish district, mos­que, and tribunal within his city, and by courting Turkish goodwill with gifts of gold, but to no avail.
i know like listen to us we're like trying to volunteer
1. To betray, cheat, destroy, reject, ruin, sabotage, stymie, swindle, terminate, wreck: Churchill tried to fxxx the deal on the second front.
Don't try to make any stupid moves.
Try to get there an hour before sunset for the best light.
that's what i'm looking for now that's why i was just trying to talk without having to think about what i was saying and uh trying to look over this thing
Moreover, there seems to be a distinct preference for applicants who resemble the security investigators themselves--exceptionally sober people who have never danced in a London disco, never had a Japanese girlfriend or a Brazilian boyfriend, and never tried smoking pot while in college.
The Cleveland Center controllers began to try to identify the possible source of the transmissions, and noticed that United 93 had descended some 700 feet.
"Because," she said, "I'm trying," uh, "I have the title to his car and I'm trying to give it to him."
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work, which will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques.
yeah i think they're doing it trying to do it or i hope they're trying to do it all over the country because they need to collect all kinds of different
" 'What I try to write about are the darkest things in the soul, the mortal dreads.
I'm trying to remember what year that was.
With so many people trying to get away from it all, it is the perfect contrast to our urban existence.
you know you're always sitting there trying to guess at the end of the show you know and they always have the verdicts you know and you're always trying to out guess is he going to be guilty or innocent or whatever and they always put you know twists and turns twists
But try as I might, my tabloid sensibility keeps being drawn back to the flap over Hillary Clinton's interview with Lucinda Franks in the debut issue of Talk .
In our guidelines we tried to relate the possible benefits of sedation to the basic concerns of palliative care by using it as a reversible therapeutic procedure.
And how about it looks like exactly what I'm trying to do.
If you have the time, try to visit St. Peter’s Basilica and the Vatican Museums on separate days to avoid fatigue and visual overload.
"I want to be absolutely clear, to the extent there is any implication or the slightest suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the President or anyone else tried to influence her recollection, that is absolutely false and a mischaracterization of the facts.
If you try to form very complex bureaucratic organisations to do the research, you get a lot of delays and so on, so things are not very timely.
And to reengineer processes, to, uh, to try to, again be, you know, I guess good stewards of the public's money and to, and to act in a, in a very reasonable and responsible way and to provide basic, good basic services.
Imme­di­ately to the right of Jesus is the weighing of the souls, with Saint Michael trying to stop Satan from cheating.
