A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill's help.
These people and their successes are real.
At last, he has found success in a job that he loves.
Their successes at work also saved taxpayers more than three-quarters of a million dollars in public assistance.
Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word.
We have met with a number of successes along the way, most notably the Summer Fun Line, the Metro Summer Bus Pass, and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils.
There is a quiet humor in Yiddish and a gratitude for every day of life, every crumb of success, each encounter of love.
no major success in the sense that uh you saw the passage of the Civil Rights Act and um major social change in that sense and i
At least the acoustics are rated a success, and the new home of the National Opera is now an accepted part of the cultural life of Paris.
Naturally he had no sketch to show us, but nothjng could have better rounded off our actual conception of him than the way he fell into position as we approached (…) We stayed while the exhibition went on, and the conscious profiles of the peaks might to our apprehension have been interested in his success.
Because of the published success rate of Procera after 10 years in clinical service [ 13 ] , our in vitro results suggest that Denzir copings, sandblasted or not, and cemented with zinc phosphate cement are likely to perform equally well as Procera crowns, at least regarding retention.
Our students, moreover, consistently have the highest success rate of any law school, graduates on passing the Indiana Bar exam.
In the new competitive arena—where demand uncertainty and time to market have become important factors along with price—textile firms are being forced to adapt to information-integrated channels, rather than just drawing on the economies of scale that led to their success in the past.
Elsewhere Kurtz comments, "It was a carefully honed media strategy--alternately seducing, misleading, and sometimes intimidating the press--that maintained [Clinton's] aura of success."
Today, the flamboyant Chrysler Building is considered a brilliant emblem of the Jazz Age, but it was not an instant success.
The third explanation for the success of the Star Wars re-release is just that they marketed the hell out of it.
Proposition 2: For apparel manufacturers, the key to success is no longer solely price competition but the ability to introduce sophisticated information links, forecasting capabilities, and management systems.
Cultural-loyalty movements like the class in Navajo tend to spring up when cultural preservation is in danger, and their record of success is not impressive.
Ultimately, we should be able to build a theory that accounts for the distribution of advantages of trade, the distribution of residence times of energy stored in diVerent forms in an ecosystem, as well as the statistical patterns of linking of exergonic and endergonic reactions in a biosphere as it builds itself and persistently explores novel ways of making a living, the novel niches that permit the success of Darwin’s minor variations creating novel species for those niches.
"You come into life with advantages which will disgrace you if your success is mediocre," Adams wrote to the 27-year-old JQA in 1794.
Yet the distinguishing feature of such high performers is not their success in shaving off labor costs in the assembly room; it is their effort in changing basic aspects of the way they manage their enterprises.
The U.S. women's soccer team advanced to the World Cup semifinals . Fans rejoiced at the team's success.
The Kennedy Center was criticized from the start, but the dazzling décor of Radio City Music Hall, which opened in 1932—in the midst of the Depression—guaranteed its immediate success.
"The Wicked Witch is dead, baby," gloated Michael Wilbon of the Washington Post . Established teams are now complaining that the expansion teams' success proves they were given too many picks in the college and expansion drafts.
Carnot, like others at the time, realized that part of the success achieved by the English had to do with early industrial economic power.
Since Reagan's victory in 1980, many Republicans have come to believe that offering a tax cut for everyone is the sure road to electoral success.
Computer-generated body measurements are just the first, if most important, step in achieving success in fit for customized apparel.
Jesus is wistful, more than angry, at the continued success of the devil, but he modestly hopes that he is himself still of some use to the poor old human race.
If lack of information provided a regrettable but unavoidable cost of doing business in retailing before the late 1980s, access to information has become crucial to competitive success in the 1990s.
Unlike his failures, there is nothing very liberal about Clinton's successes.
Much of what we have learned about the determinants of success for apparel suppliers can be applied to comparable situations faced by businesses in other retail-driven industries.
Appropriately modest, he credits his success to his "physical equipment" rather than his talent: his height and good health, as well as that voice, that jaw, and that nose.
Yet, in both fields—religion and patriotism—we face a constant challenge from those who are unsatisfied with the successes of civil society.
Rather, kids today are not only little bundles of joy but also are perhaps the ultimate symbols of worldly success and status.
This arrangement worked well from Dillard’s perspective; it found this firm to be one of its best rapid-replenishment suppliers, with high order-fulfillment rates and on-time deliveries—the main criteria for success.
An American accent, in my view, is the key to my success!
Our successes and failures trickle, tumble, and torrentially build the future of our biosphere.
It fails to recognize acknowledged classic films (such as Dracula , 1931) and major filmmakers (such as Buster Keaton) and instead includes many more recent box office successes such as Jaws (1975) and Tootsie (1982); that makes it a stupid list.
It was his first large commission, and it was not a success.
I have concluded that by far the most important factor in the success of a new drink is its name .
The success of buyers therefore turned on their ability to predict what consumers would want and to obtain those products at the lowest possible cost.
Beyond that, I think that, frankly, the likelihood of success is quite small."
For example, the success of The Gap’s jeans, J. C. Penney’s Arizona line, and Sears’s Canyon River Blue line has led to erosion of the market share held by the two leading jeans manufacturers, Levi Strauss and VF Corporation.
The first is the independence of Kosovo; the second is the commitment of ground forces, a move that senior military leaders consider essential to success."
The early twentieth-century success of Wanamaker’s and other department stores illustrates that the keys to effective retailing are providing customers with a variety of desirable products, procuring those products at a low enough cost to make a profit, marketing them well, and charging prices that reflect customers’ willingness to pay.
Great movies are fewer and farther between (at least in this writer's opinion--at least for the time being), and these days even the media that employ the critics measure a movie's success not by the critics' reaction but by opening weekend gross.
Thus, it appears that the biosphere and the econosphere have endogenous mechanisms that gate the exploration of the adjacent possible such that, on average, such explorations do successfully find new ways of making a living, new natural and business games, at a rate that can be selected by natural selection, or its economic analogue of success or failure, at a rate that is sustainable.
On the other hand, the WB and UPN networks, with abysmal ratings, are considered comers because of their success with youth--a prized demo.
A century later, retailing success is often attributed to combining effective marketing with an understanding of consumer tastes.
Anyway, only a few months ago many people--including Argentine economists--were claiming that the contrast between Argentine success and Brazilian crisis meant that Brazil must emulate Argentina's currency board; you can't take that position and then claim that the role reversal that has taken place since doesn't teach a contrary lesson.
Hunting success
Although Ibiza’s popularity as a holiday destination has never waned, the events of the past few years — Seville Expo ‘92, the Barcelona Olympics — have ensured its continued success.
and i'm not too sure that it's actually not a success more than a failure you know i don't know what percent has actually converted
But other factors contribute to Intel's success.
Instituting a CIO position consistent with organizational needs and finding a capable leader to fill the job are no guarantee of CIO success.
Your support of the Chancellor's Circle will continue to contribute to the success of the campus as our community and IUPUI grow and change.
Shiva and Parvati are the parents of the elephant-headed Ganesh, easily the most popular of the family because he is capable of assuring the success of any venture.
develop good learning patterns and have some success and want to go on learning and continue learning uh and not wait until they're in high school and then it's too late to try to change them around at that point
Pinochet is responsible for a bloody coup, the kidnapping and murder of thousands of his enemies, and Chile's remarkable economic success.
In addition, many federal agencies are just beginning to recognize that their performance management systems can be strategic tools to achieve success.
Thus, your gift to Social Health is vitally important to our success and can accomplish the following:
Elaborate rituals grew up around the preparation of the milpas (cornfields) and the planting and harvesting of the crop whose success depended on the coming of the annual rains.
and so this dress for success thing i think is uh by and large i've i'm kind of uh convinced that uh by that just that one uh
When ITT owned Avis, conglomeration was supposed to be the recipe for success, because diversification would allow companies to offset losses in one sector with gains from others.
A key success factor evident in all our work is the ability to obtain the right knowledge at the right time and to build knowledge to the point that decision makers can make informed decisions about moving ahead to the next phase.
Your support of the Chancellor's Circle will contribute to the success of the campus as our community and IUPUI continue to grow and to change.
Early successes in the Philippines, Borneo, Malaya, Singapore, and the Dutch East Indies enabled Japan to establish the so-called Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere.
Although there is no single model for success, many states that are building state justice communities share similar characteristics that can guide other states less far along.
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success.
This is just to permit shedding a few initial pounds to provide motivation and hope, along with the feeling that one is able to achieve success.
The success of the revolution surprised many observers.
Indicators of success --Boards contain representatives from a greater variety of groups.
This letter is to let you know that, while we've experienced some success this season, we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management and vibrant theatrical productions.
Key to success: Vince McMahon, WWF president, has made himself part of the "storyline."
Its location so close to the new capital ensured its commercial success.
While the first two approaches provide reasonable results, they do not guarantee complete success in terms of fold recognition even for the training set proteins.
The commercial companies GAO visited achieved success in product development by first achieving a mature, stable design supported by completed engineering drawings during an integration phase and then by demonstrating that the product's design was reliable and critical manufacturing processes required to build it were in control before committing to full production.
For practices learning this type of software, protected learning time was an important predictor of success.
For example, signal strength can vary across a slide preparation with probe binding success, which depends on the elimination of endogenous RNases, and on tissue permeability to the VEGF probe [ 21 ] . Additional error is introduced by freezing artifacts, which are difficult to avoid, and non-specific background signal.
There have been successes in some countries, but overall these efforts have not achieved their goals.
Bin Ladin routinely told important visitors to expect significant attacks against U.S. interests soon and, during a speech at the al Faruq camp, exhorted trainees to pray for the success of an attack involving 20 martyrs.
The success rate may also have been high because hypnosis was offered to patients who were likely to benefit, such as those with anxiety or those for whom medical therapy was not helpful.
Al Qaeda's success in fostering terrorism in Southeast Asia stems largely from its close relationship with Jemaah Islamiah (JI).
Cornerstones 8 Critical Success Factors
As a practical matter, those responsible for judging the success of programs and their supporting functions should agree on the measures used and become involved in monitoring the outcomes.
This allows them to do follow-ups on their pro se clinics to insure they continue with the high success rates.
However, since three of four deaths from AIDS occur in sub-Saharan Africa, successes and failures in rolling out treatments immediately will have the most dramatic effects in this region.
Hatching success in embryos maintained at 10°C was lower than at 0-4°C.
What we hope to demonstrate in describing what has been achieved in these selected states is both their differences and their similarities, the range of different processes, structures, and strategies that have led to their successes, and the basic commonalties that underlie them in terms of vision, inclusiveness, leadership and commitment.
Building State Justice Communities: A State Planning Report from the Legal Services Corporation, issued in March 2001, highlights the state planning successes of 18 states in developing coordinated plans to increase resources and services to clients statewide.
The results of that trial suggested that a more prolonged study duration, increased expense and potential delay in treatment to complete a screening test may be justified by the greater chance of demonstrating therapeutic success using a more homogeneous and rational selection of patients.
As noted, it is within this critical success factor that the CIO is able to operate with the greatest individual flexibility.
However, this programme will not be able to achieve a high degree of success without national policies and programmes addressing the profit margins of SP versus AQ drugs, advertising and sales of unapproved drugs, the enforcement of correct dosage labeling, and retrieval from the market of inefficacious drugs.
Figure 1: Critical Success Factors Organized by Human Capital Cornerstones
"One hundred thirteen years of our success has been based on the trust consumers have in that quality."
As such, an organization's success in managing security-related efforts is likely to hinge on its overall ability to manage its use of information technology.
In a trough, a man may develop an emotional attachment to "aspirational media," which traffic in celebratory stories and photographs of highly powerful men and the symbols of their success, such as the corporate titles they have acquired and shed, the venture capital they haven't spent yet, and the wives they have married and divorced.
The common features within a critical success factor can become especially significant as the CIO, and other players, plan the execution of the six principles described in this guide.
In a jubilee interview with the newspaper, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called Israel "the greatest success story of the 20 th century, and in many ways the greatest triumph of a people of all the nations of history."
Critical Success Factors
They're on your screen and in your face, these icons, chattering relentlessly about success, shoes, hot dogs, shoes, pop, phones, shoes, shoes ...
, process streamlining and consolidation), and demonstrating success by promptly providing highimpact products and services (i.e.
Building on the huge success of his series paintings of the 1890s--the cathedrals and haystacks (now awkwardly renamed "grainstacks") and rows of poplars--Monet could afford to paint for himself alone.
The success of motivational and patient-centered approaches seems to indicate that it is critical to take into account the motivation of the patient and his or her readiness to change.
Soon, however, they were won over to sitcom logic--the cautious thinking that relies on past successes and renders most TV shows identical.
In terms of critical success factors, federal CIO organizations tend to trail the CIOs interviewed for this guide in the ƒAlign Information Management Leadership for Value Creation≈ and ƒExecute CIO Responsibilities≈ factors.
If they achieved that success through targeted subsidies and controlled credit, that certainly puts a crimp in free-market theorists' plans for Latin America and Africa.
Plant use for hunting success has been divided into four categories.
Tibet did fall to the Chinese in 11 days, and an incident shown in the film as crucial to the success of the invasion was indeed definitive--when, in a startling act of cowardice, Ngabo Ngawang Jigme (played in the movie by B.D.
A key to the success of commercial companies was using an evolutionary approach to develop a product.
The proof of its success, however, may well lie in the length of that petition.
Accordingly, the belief that muscle fiber type can predict athletic success gained credibility.
Calling the script "dreadfully predictable" and a "cliché-hugging melodrama" (Jack Mathews, Newsday ), critics complain that it lacks the fun of two other recent dance movie successes, Shall We Dance?
First and foremost, the inhouse staff should be able to identify facility requirements in the context of their impact on the agency's mission success and, in so doing, to act as a smart buyer.
He also said he is mystified by his films' lack of success in the United States in comparison with their reception in Europe.
While the first success factor refers to legitimacy at a strategic planning level, this success factor addresses a more operational level.
Humans have evolved to a stage at which our ideas about virtue, perfection, and success have become more than material.
In order to improve the success rate of the blind bedside technique, small bore feeding tubes may be placed endoscopically or radiographically.
Holmes credits his success to the last election, in which a bevy of Democrats were swept into office.
The sample size had a >80% power to detect a 0.51 difference from the placebo success rate in at least one of the rhIL-11 treatment groups at the α = 0.05 level of significance.
According to various postings on the Net, Hilfiger confessed on Oprah that if he had been able to predict the success of his clothing among "Chinamen and niggers," he would "never have made it so nice."
Success in school physics was the key for getting into Cambridge, where he reveled in the world of Ernest Rutherford, Mark Oliphant, and John Bernal.
This musical adaptation of an 18 th -century French farce about a princess who courts a philosopher is the season's surprise success.
Outcomes of this type of success may help establish the worth of and, thereby, the market for the routine provision of primary preventive care in all clinic visits.
For modern anti-conservatives, the price of success has been moral and intellectual evisceration.
On the basis of the higher mortality rates seen in rural patients with medical conditions resulting in difficult or complicated ventilation, our data seem to support the suggestion by Moscovice and Rosenblatt [ 3] that success in rural hospitals is best actualized through 'compartmentalization' or the ability to provide only that care which can be performed safely, efficiently and effectively.
Bradley says Clinton was wrong to grant clemency to Puerto Rican criminals, and he argues that the apparent success of Clinton's welfare reform is due largely to the strong economy.
Much of the success of this public/private project (DOE/operator and vendors) was due to a more compact and multi-functional (pre-quenching, absorption, and oxidation) absorber vessel that used a co-current flow design.
After six months of study I have determined--through a ton of research and collaboration--that one of the key elements missing in the Microsoft culture is some sense of the hype, buzz, style, and attitude that are so key to success in the media and entertainment industries.
Using the lessons learnt from CASP successes and failures, we suggest a unified approach that mixes and matches between the best predictions to produce the best results.
In some, a family from humble origins uses political success to make itself rich and snooty.
The fact that an organization is profiled for a particular practice is not meant to imply the organization's success or lack of success in meeting other practices.
But it seems to me that the success of the tax cutters in taking over yet another presidential campaign requires a deeper explanation.
Following is a brief description of each critical success factor.
The WP lead reports that at a Thursday news conference Japanese Prime Minister Hashimoto appeared delighted with the success of that U.S.-Japan yen buy and pledged himself ready to "do my best to help write off bad loans, achieve growth driven by domestic demand, open Japanese markets further and promote deregulation."
Success requires dramatic expansion of both ART and prevention.
who stirs inarticulate passion by singing very much like a woman" (Mark Levine, The New Yorker ). Critics are surprised by the success of the New York City Opera at transposing Handel's piece from ancient Greece to 18 th -century England.
But the tribals did seem to have success in reporting where Bin Ladin was.
While declines in AIDS mortality in the industrialized world have been impressive [6,7,8], many of these success stories have been accompanied by a resurgence in HIV incidence due to increasing risk behavior as emphasis shifted from prevention to treatment in the 1990s [9,10,11].
Since the last success in 1994, there have been six straight failures.
In most animal studies that seek to test the efficacy of a given preventive intervention, very high challenge doses are used, typically of approximately 10–100 times the infectious dose at which 50% of the animals become infected ( ID 50 ). The motivation for using such high challenge doses is mostly practical: the experimenter wants to ascertain infection success in unvaccinated/untreated animals, which can then be compared to the hopefully lower infection success in vaccinated/treated animals.
Newsweek 's optimistic spin of Titanic 's success: It's not inspiring Hollywood to make $200 million action blockbusters, it's inspiring Hollywood to make movies targeted at women.
Limited therapeutic success has been reported from observational studies involving the use of calcium channel blockers, adenosine, and sodium nitroprusside [ 5].
It was clear quickly that all the successes and failures there over the years were due more to a particular person than to larger market forces.
Customer and partner focus-Identify customer and partner needs and measure their level of satisfaction; achieve success through extensive cooperation and partnering with state and local transportation agencies; receive and act upon feedback from customers and use that information to improve products and services to ensure customer and partner needs are met.
Messinger aides attributed Sharpton's success to outrage over the Louima/plunger police-brutality case.
High-performing organizations in the private and public sectors have long understood the relationship between effective "people management" and organizational success.
There is, of course, an element of Anglomania in his success here.
The dilution water used for internal quality assurance tests with organisms, food, and reference toxicants should be the water routinely used with success in the laboratory.
"Please make it work," begged the liberal Guardian in its front-page headline, saying in its editorial that while failure was a possibility, so also was success.
We didn't realize how long it was going to take before we would begin to see some successes.
President Clinton concluded his summit with Russian President Boris Yeltsin, and nearly everyone declared it a success.
A variety of techniques such as hierarchical clustering, k -means clustering and self-organizing maps have been implemented with success, especially in classification [ 13].
But if you look at the PC industry, and the difference between the success of direct-selling Dell and Gateway and the struggles of dealer-centric Compaq and IBM, the idea that those auto manufacturers who stay tied to dealers will flourish seems dubious indeed.
The most enduring legacy of the state planning initiative-at least in terms of its first four years-has probably has been its success in fostering cooperation among stakeholders.
The Jerusalem Post 's editorial said, however, that Barak's landslide "was not only a function of his opponent's failures, but of Netanyahu's success."
Critical Success Factors
President Clinton's stock rocketed around the world as front pages celebrated the Democrats' success in the midterm elections.
The success of any effort to develop a new product hinges on having the
When you apply the lessons of their successes to your life, you get caught short, because the rest of us don't want it that badly.
An example is VHA's effort to benchmark the success of cardiac surgeries in VHA facilities.
McDonald says two-thirds of those who graduate from his program hold down permanent jobs and apartments--an almost unheard-of success rate among single homeless men.
A separate matter is the varied success at conveying evacuation instructions to personnel in the North Tower after the South Tower's collapse.
Second, a male's reproductive success depends on how many females he mates with, but not vice versa; for a female, one mating per pregnancy is enough.
He came highly recommended due to his prior success in transforming two other companies and his skill in outsourcing, which would be needed to manage the manufacturer«s continued reliance on information technology contract services.
We see the apprentice writer trying to transform his raw autobiography into art, with varying success.
The results were also reported to the internal auditors, who used them as a basis for reviewing the business unit's success in implementing the controls that the unit's managers had determined were needed.
He knew by July 1944 that his conspiracy had little chance of success, but he drove ahead regardless.
The present study could not assess whether cardiac enlargement affected the success rate of cardioversion in dialysis patients hospitalized for atrial fibrillation.
Sophisticated skeptics point out that Harris' application of Darwin's theories to human professional success overlooks the interaction of genetics and human psychology.
In addition, the ultimate success of these educational programs requires the implementation of a comprehensive tobacco control strategy, including legislation, taxation, and modification of social norms.
In part, this is because the various pressure groups hostile to China have known that success was too unlikely to merit their mobilizing troops.
The success of the cloning procedure was initially monitored by picking 5 clones from each group, preparing plasmid DNA and sequencing.
But actually this is a relatively recent development in American business, and while the financial success of Michael Dell is a fine expression of the American dream, the lessons the business world has drawn from that success are less salutary.
It also showed again how-given a case to solve-the FBI remained capable of extraordinary investigative success.
The key to success in this endeavor, of course, is never to let on that you've changed your mind at all.
Understanding the six principles in terms of critical success factors is particularly useful because of characteristics that are shared by principles within the same success factor.
"His suspected relationship with Monica Lewinsky may generate sarcasm and evoke comparisons with that between Lolita and Humbert, but nothing can take away from his success," Caretto added.
You learn it by successes and failures."
Could a further reason for the word's success be that it rhymes with the name of a kind of edible molluse that is a traditional feature of British seaside holidays?
In order to further our understanding of the clinical effects of gastric versus small intestinal nutrient administration in critically ill patients, we performed a meta-analysis of available studies to compare the pulmonary complications, clinical outcomes, and success in achieving caloric goals in patients randomly assigned to receive either gastric or small intestinal tube feeds.
William Powell and Myrna Loy star, a reminder of the time when classy (if drunken) wit equalled box-office success.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American essayist and philosopher (1803–1882), commented about success (I have adapted his comments for all of us who gathered in Washington in mid-May 2005): “To leave the world a bit better, whether by a healthy child, a garden patch or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life breathed easier because you have lived; this is to have succeeded [as a whistleblower].”
Indeed, Dole's success at Ames arguably helps Bauer by giving Bush a semifinal contest.
The project attempts to identify the number of people served by the following types of work, and obtain descriptions of programs' efforts and of successes.
It's hard to imagine that West could ever have written a conventional novel with any success.
His success in performing the work at a lower cost might be due to an ability to arrange completely full trucks or to achieve lower-price contracts with trucking firms.
Nonetheless, publicity from the Cleveland Clinic trial made the Quigley Corp.'s Cold-Eeze zinc gluconate lozenges a runaway success.
Despite the success of LSC and its many contributions to access to justice for low-income Americans, its achievements are overshadowed by the fact that so many in our society continue to suffer injustice and are unable to gain access to our system of justice.
The nation's promotion of black capitalism has not translated into financial success.
Nothing succeeds like success!
Women's successes in non-traditional sports like soccer or ice hockey have underlined how women's sports are not merely spinoffs of games that men have been playing forever.
1 Specifically, weaknesses such as poor controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses, inappropriate disclosures, and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs.
The article asserts that Rose's success at 60 Minutes II depends "on his ability to relinquish those very qualities that make him interesting and distinctive": his "harried, stumblebum" style.
The results were also reported to the internal auditors, who used them as a basis for reviewing the business unit's success in implementing the controls that the unit's managers had determined were needed.
But though she turned out a couple of plays after that, they never achieved the same kind of critical or commercial success.
However, it was seen at the time as a success.
In this regard as in others, Renoir has been the victim of his own success.
Recognizing that cross-fertilization between the criminal justice and national security disciplines is vital to the success of both missions, all new agents should receive basic training in both areas.
Leaving aside the little hooks that ripple this flowing counternarrative of success, like the fact that Staples went to graduate school at the University of Chicago, Culturebox is charmed by a certain self-inverting quality to Thernstrom's argument.
Early attention to strong systems and controls for acquisition and related business processes will be critical both to ensuring success and maintaining integrity and accountability.
If the goal of feminism is greater economic and social independence for women, then storefront manicure parlors are a feminist success story for the 1990s: They've turned a generation of new female immigrants into small-business owners.
In the control group, we simulate single challenges of each animal with the ID 50 by performing n Bernoulli trials with a probability of success of p c = 0.5.
They are squandering their enormous potential for growth and personal happiness on a meaningless obsession with dot-coms, bandwidth, relative net worth, and the fleeting indices of success, such as stock overvaluation."
A firm grounding in shared values and a shared vision will increase the likelihood of success.
On the one hand, they have a considerable stake in the success of large and luxurious bookstores; on the other hand, they also have a considerable stake in the success of services like Amazon.
Indicators of success -- Our senior management includes more women, gays, lesbians, people of color, older people and people with disabilities.
Indeed, the amassing of some $125 billion in foreign-exchange reserves has been central to China's success at pursuing export-led growth.
The serendipitous success of the human siRNA against rat profilin suggested that small mismatch(es) may be tolerated in RNA interference, the details of which will be published elsewhere.
Keys to tech success: nearby research institutions, an educated talent pool, free-flowing venture capital, and that Valley-style, go-for-broke, entrepreneurial spirit.
[ 1 4 ] It also is possible that a reporting bias may have falsely increased the apparent success of hypnosis in this study, because patients wanted to please their treating physician.
But sector investing also tends to reward a successful corporation's competitors for that corporation's success, and in that sense seems not merely counterintuitive but downright perverse.
First, by assuming that the high success rate of zinc phosphate cemented Procera crowns is likely to be equally high with Denzir copings, justifies such a study ethically.
The second story has Hilfiger and Ralph Lauren appearing on CNN's Style With Elsa Klensch . Complimented on his success in selling his goods in the East, Lauren thanked his Asian customers.
We have previously explored one RNA genefinding approach with very limited success [ 12 ] . Maizel and coworkers [ 13 14 15 ] had hypothesized that biologically functional RNA structures may have more stable predicted secondary structures than would be expected for a random sequence of the same base composition.
Ironically, success can sometimes weaken your right to a trademark, particularly if your product name has become a generic term.
Second, each leading commercial company had a product development process that was prominent and central to its success.
In fact he renders his message in such appealing, facile strokes that one wants to believe he just panicked after the success of High Fidelity and turned out a callow rush job.
It was unclear whether or not closer adherence to the diet by the non-responders would have resulted in better success.
Michael Kinsley's recent article "Eight Reasons Not to Cut the Capital-Gains Tax" truly proves the adage that liberals cannot stand success.
A whistleblower's success depends upon competent and articulate media.
Other subsistence farmers found themselves competing with cash-crop entrepreneurs (Jews and Arabs) whose successes changed the face of Palestinian agriculture.
Reflecting on Bin Ladin's success in reaching Muslim audiences, Richard Holbrooke wondered, " How can a man in a cave outcommunicate the world's leading communications society?"
If Clinton and Blair seem unaware of where their success leaves "liberalism" in the United States or "socialism" in Britain, it is not because they are hiding something but because they really are unaware.
While a given person's office location at the WTC does not definitively indicate where that individual died that morning or whether he or she could have evacuated, these data strongly suggest that the evacuation was a success for civilians below the impact zone.
In Germany, the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung led its front page Thursday with the headline "Vote of Confidence for Clinton in the Congressional Elections: Unexpected Win for the Democrats," while Munich's Süddeutsche Zeitung announced, "Success for Clinton's Democratic Party" and highlighted the unseating of Sen.
to their success in building successful information-sharing relationships with and among their members.
But in the hubbub about the marketing of The Blair Witch Project , which has been tremendous, it's important to keep in mind that there really is no simple formula by which hits happen, and that attempts to reduce popular success to that kind of formula are bound to lead you astray.
In some cases, agencies' legislative mandates have grown so muddled that Congress, the executive branch, and other agency stakeholders and customers cannot agree on program goals, worthwhile strategies, or appropriate measures of success.
After the success of Murakami's epic The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle , this novel of a middle-aged man's attempts to rekindle a romance with an elusive childhood friend disappoints critics.
Leading organizations have recognized that a critical success factor in fostering a results-oriented culture is a performance management system that creates a "line of sight" showing how unit and individual performance can contribute to overall organizational goals and helping them understand the connection between their daily activities and the organization's success.
The success of Squawk Box on CNBC--the top-rated business show, which has real live managers as daily co-hosts--tells us this.
The use of hallucinogenic and other plants to improve hunting success is documented in the literature [ 19 16 ] . Waorani in the Ecuadorian Amazon feel that the characteristics of one entity or object may pass to another [ 19 ] . These beliefs may lie behind the use of plants for hunting success.
Few summer movies are even trying to duplicate Titanic 's success, the Hollywood press reports.
However, the success of these medical interventions is most commonly defined by angiographic resolution of the "no-reflow" phenomenon (an acute reduction in coronary flow less than Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction [TIMI] 2 in the absence of dissection, thrombus, spasm, or high-grade residual stenosis at the original target lesion).
Even assuming for the sake of argument that Microsoft does have monopoly power, the question still is whether truly anti-competitive behavior accounts for its success.
Understanding the six principles in terms of critical success factors is particularly useful because of characteristics that are shared by principles within the same success factor.
A more accurate rendering of the liberal position would be that rather than a single "general intelligence," there are a handful of crucial--and separate--mental abilities; that none of these abilities is important enough to obviate the role of family background and education; and that native ability (and economic success independent of native ability) can be enhanced by improving education, training, and public health.
Timely Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Is Critical to Program Success
The last few years have witnessed Beanie Babies and ravers in pacifiers and pigtails and the box-office success of Antz.
43 Its success led to its adoption by
Time 's cover profile of Madeleine Albright defends her Kosovo policy from charges of poor planning and incoherence, and tallies her successes instead: She consolidated European support for airstrikes at Rambouillet, has deftly cultivated consensus among NATO's member countries, and is drafting a "mini-Marshall Plan" to restore stability to the Balkans.
However, the continued success of these companies over time in a competitive marketplace indicated that their practices were important and key to their operations.
And I get satisfaction from thinking that part of his theatrical success derives from the dull voice he inherited from me.
The last critical success factor, ƒExecute CIO Responsibilities≈ addresses the need to organize information resources to meet business needs and to develop the associated human capital.
True, the owner-manager model, successful as it has been, is not the only possible model for success.
The incorporation of non traditional learning approaches into community based educational training curriculums enhances training success and increases community participation.
) Hillary's success in driving some people crazy with it is what's made her so darned successful at attracting the right enemies, at least.
Several plants are used in an attempt to improve hunting success.
The NYT off-lead scares with word that Iran, which wants a germ warfare capability to match Iraq's, has had some success recruiting former Soviet scientists who specialize in this area, by offering monthly salaries of $5,000--more than these Russians can earn in a year.
During the procurement phase, the review of designs can continue to contribute to overall project success by monitoring progress made in ordering the various items of longleadtime equipment.
. Runaway Success of Its WebPersonalization Engine."
The differences in the models also suggest that the predictors of success differ by the types of activities the software is intended to perform.
As a feat of architecture, engineering, and urban renewal, the dome is already close to being a success.
Agencies used town-hall meetings to help employees better understand how their work efforts contributed to overall organizational success.
Until now, the notion that Microsoft owes all its success to ruthless marketing rather than technical ingenuity has been a fringe view.
As in all of medicine, success in a treatment at one site often does not always translate into success at other locations with different practitioners and patients.
The General Accounting Office, however, later downgraded by half the Pentagon's claim that stealth fighters had scored an 80 percent mission success rate.
After prioritizing their primary issues, conferees then listed indicators by which success in achieving diverse communities of justice could be defined.
The book owed its commercial success to its soothingly simplistic thesis--and to astute marketing.
The probability of success corresponds to the probability with which an animal becomes infected after a single challenge.
My legendary success at squashing bugs, I believe, is the result of my tendency to write buggy code.
“We have made attempts with Stegodon molars,” he says, “but so far without success.”
One familiar interpretation of KKR's success is that it illustrates the disciplining power of debt.
For instance, one state government CIO attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial, retail, and IT units, which facilitates his ability to
Also, an essay ascribes Chinese women's athletic success to illegal drug use.
These organizations collapsed a lot of information into a form that effectively communicated the success or failure of information technology and management activities and, in the case of the latter, expanded on the issues and supplied additional information.
According to the government itself, that practice did not account for Microsoft's competitive success.
Homeland Security: Intergovernmental Coordination and Partnerships Will Be Critical to Success ( GAO-02-899T, July 1, 2002).
Though the film doesn't go into all the details, it is correct in indicating that Selena was poised for mainstream success when she was killed.
Counterterrorist Center officers briefed Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI Director Louis Freeh, telling them that the operation had about a 30 percent chance of success.
He offers two reasons why we must replace the welfare state, three steps toward success, Four Great Truths of our Generation, five Pillars of Freedom and Progress, seven aspects of committing ourselves to real change, nine zones of invention and creativity, 10 steps toward Renewing American Civilization, 13 Renewing America Strategies, 14 steps to replacing the welfare state with an opportunity society, and 17 key factors in a House victory.
Funding bodies should demand experimental and control data to allow the success of an intervention to be gauged.
the calm continuation of a national success story after the greatest imaginable catastrophe."
Gene delivery may offer the greatest chance of early success.
The twelve articles collected under the general rubrics of Contexts of responsiveness, Listener response and communication, and Responsive readers have mixed success in dealing with the subject.
This might be explained by the relatively larger amplification variation for weakly expressed genes, given a constant success rate of amplifying a sequence by a certain fold.
This sealed-off life--even the ease of it disturbs me.Secure, imperturbable, it floats in a daydream of possibilities--a trip to the water park, things to buy at the hardware depot,quality time, preparation for success, Have you outstript the rest?
How do we measure success?
The model for these startups is the remarkable success of Southwest Airlines.
The maximum number of successes or failures before changing the size of local search space (rho) were both set to 4. The starting conformations of the ligand were set to random positions.
The only standard by which "news" organizations feel comfortable evaluating a policy is success or failure, not right or wrong.
This limited success is negated, however, by the incorrect prediction that the same polar species are also the low energy forms in the gas phase and in the CHCl 3 solvation model.
In all his plays, Miller remains fixed to the same set of concerns: corruption and the worship of material success; loyalty and betrayal; fathers and sons; public responsibility and personal conscience.
Besides a number of questions regarding individual health, prey choice, territorial behaviour, movement patterns and reproductive success in relation to parasite loads can be worth investigating.
And the labor-market success of millions of unskilled immigrants in recent years makes it hard to sustain the case that only highly trained or educated workers are in demand--at least for the moment.
Physician and patient success would be measured in terms of incremental progressive changes [ 30 ] versus the absolute of success or failure.
Bill Clinton, perhaps alone, has the skills needed to provide success, it said.
By adhering to the business case as the key to success, program managers in leading commercial companies are conservative in their estimates and aggressive in risk reduction.
The piece points out that gossip columnists are generally far more seasoned than the 27-year-old Stern: "Stern's success in the gossip world is seen by many not only as an indictment of his moral character--surely it should take years for a person to become this shallow?
Leading organizations simplify projects by producing incremental deliverables that quickly show success and demonstrate the impact of effective CIO management while still focusing on long-term objectives.
Microsoft's success, along with its struggles with the Justice Department, is in this genre.
The principles under the first critical success factor, ƒAlign Information Management Leadership for Value Creation,≈ advocate the need to recognize the role of information management in creating value and positioning the CIO for success; both of these principles address issues of senior executive support.
Dennis Baron writes with reference to another minority language that "[c]ultural-loyalty movements like the class in Navajo tend to spring up when cultural preservation is in danger, and their record of success is not impressive."
For example, in the case of, ƒPromote Organizational Credibility,≈ both principles rely on the collaboration of senior executives and division heads for success and have as their target the senior management of the enterprise.
But it has also gone largely unnoticed that the Reagan administration supported some of the early state back-to-work experiments that eventually showed impressive results, and that it expanded the EITC, which has now (after its much greater expansion under Clinton) become one of the great success stories of contemporary social policy.
Under the leadership of the State Bar's Campaign for Equal Justice, the state has had considerable success.
The first thing I spotted in this British edition of a book that has enjoyed enormous success in North America for some forty years, was “opthalmologist,” a common enough spelling error but, because it is spelt correctly elsewhere, merely a typo.
Congress and federal managers put GPRA into effect, we have identified key steps that agencies need to take toward its implementation, along with a set of practices that can help make that implementation a success.
Secrets to the game's success: nicer ballparks with better food; the chase for the home run, RBI, and winning percentage records; and likable stars such as Mark McGwire and Ken Griffey Jr.
The characteristics that dogs need for hunting success are scent-accuracy, speed, enthusiasm and stamina.
Who better to help a candidate extract weighty lessons from his personal history, to teach him to tell voters that their own successes depend on his own?
Members told us that senior management support for their participation in an information-sharing organization was critical to their success in obtaining valuable information and contributing to the success of the entire information-sharing organization.
Gill's high lonesome tenor voice is a national treasure, and his success at pulling in Grammies and Country Music Awards shows that popularity and artistic merit sometimes coincide.
To help promote effective implementation of federal financial management reform, we studied the financial management practices and improvement efforts of nine leading private and public sector finance organizations to identify the success factors, practices, and outcomes associated with worldclass financial management.
In fact, historian Kathy Peiss writes, "the beauty industry may be the only business, at least until recent decades, in which American women achieved the highest levels of success, wealth, and authority."
The use of bacteriophage for the treatment of bacterial infections is an old idea [ 4 ] that not only caught the imagination of at least one novelist [ 5 ] it was practiced with sporadic successes worldwide in the 1920s and 1930s.
The paper's latest poll (of 1,009 adults) indicates that more than eighty percent of respondents say Clinton's presidency is a success, although only 24 percent view him as honest and trustworthy.
Critical Success Factor 2: Promote Organizational Credibility
But what last week's action suggested is that five (or 10, or 17, depending on how you're counting) years of a bull market have not made investors careless or blinded by success.
There have been some spectacular successes, in particular with immune therapy to malignant melanoma, a tumor type that seems naturally to be more immunogenic than others.
But while Las Vegas is certainly a tremendous economic success story, it's not clear that the story can be easily duplicated elsewhere.
It is quite possible Jarrah knew of the success of the assault on the World Trade Center.
But these individual successes can't disguise the very curious reality that we're living in a world that is somehow saturated by the media without actually paying all that much attention to it.
In addition to the critical success factors previously discussed, organizations identified a number of related challenges to effective information sharing.
Therefore, Microsoft owes its success to "the good fortune of being the pre-eminent operating system on IBM PCs."
First, the team listed the names of those individuals whose support was critical for the success of the project.
In appointing the bland, seemingly slow-paced Chernomyrdin as his envoy, Boris Yeltsin is probably hoping that Chernomyrdin will somehow pull off a settlement without really seeming to or without raising too many hackles, and that his ultimate success will be Primakov's loss.
In various previous attempts to express heterologous genes in full length, wild type dengue virus, we experienced a very poor success rate, despite attempts to clone heterologous material into various positions of the genome (data not shown).
Carlson writes that "[l]and mines made it onto the world's agenda because Diana put them there," implying that Diana was a success, and that "there are still 47 million people with no health insurance," implying that Hillary is a failure.
Hillard and coworkers [ 36 ] compared the success rate and time to placement of small bowel feeding tubes placed by fluoroscopy as compared with placement at the bedside.
It is precisely the astonishing popular success of Monet's generation that has made it difficult today to view Corot as anything other than as a precursor.
How central this role is to the strategic plans of the enterprise will depend on each of the first two critical success factors, but support from the top and all efforts to build credibility will be futile unless the CIO organization is run effectively.
Dad knows that the key to success lies in the early start he did not get, that only the savvy fledgling gets the worm.
Case Study: Measuring Success and Demonstrating Results
But Miller's career is a testament to the opposite problem: creative paralysis brought on by early success.
The fact that an organization is profiled for a particular practice is not meant to imply success or lack of success in other dimensions.
Proof of success, according to Bowen and Bok; proof of failure, according to Thernstrom.
She said that such collaboration has contributed to the success of domestic violence screening across the country.
Success comes when you have a high renewal rate and new customers are easy to entice to replace dropouts.
Performance evaluation and feedback, supplemented by an effective reward system, should be designed to help employees understand the connection between their performance and the organization's success.
Based on a cult-hit comic book about a CIA agent who returns from the dead to destroy the human race as part of a Faustian bargain, this live-action film crosses over to mass-market success with both teens and kids--the next Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . Spawn action figures have been selling out of stores, and the film grossed $20 million its opening weekend.
Here's another story of success from what might seem like an unlikely source: Goodwill's controller, Juli.
Neither do the rest of us who feel the positive results of their success.
With support from people like you, they can overcome their barriers and earn success and the self-sufficiency that comes with it.
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
An understanding that, above anything else, success requires genuine effort, a willingness to set challenging goals.
As a former board member, the success of the YMCA is still important to me.
Caprice prepared a magnificent meal of vegan blood-less black pudding, which their new guest found acceptable but odd, and all toasted to success.
Whatever the area comes to be called as it matures, it seems likely to be a field of spectacular success and deep importance in the coming century.
Even though these items cost a bit more than Pottery Barn fare, they were no doubt affected by the success of that store's clean, simple lines.
yeah i mean the for example the Peace Corps has been a real success i think but the problem with that is that
Prussia’s success during the Franco-Prussian War (1870–1871) placed it at the head of a new united Germany.
It is a fundamental Darwinian principle that traits and behaviours cannot spread over evolutionary time if they reduce an individual's personal reproductive success.
However, they view the program as a success.
The estimated parasite densities in some of the tigers in the Mudumalai wildlife sanctuary were up to 1500 flukes in the lungs or a total of 30 meter length of tapeworms in the intestine [ 17 ] . Parasites in such a large amount can certainly have considerable impact on the health, behaviour and reproductive success of individuals.
We made efforts with the assistance of the FBI to interview Salmi, but without success.
Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical to its success.
Although success rates as high as 90% have been claimed by others for placing post-pyloric feeding tubes at the bedside [ 30 31 32 ] , most studies report a success rate of 15-30% [ 33 34 35 36 ] . Success with bedside placement of small bowel feeding tubes is influenced by the technique and degree of expertise of the clinician.
In looking back at the last decade, we at the Indianapolis Zoological Society (IZS) wish to express our sincere thanks to all companies who have helped us to achieve so many successes at the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens.
The principles offered in this guide are intended to provide insight into what CIOs at leading organizations consider critical to their success, and provide advice to federal CIOs and senior agency management as they work to improve the use of information technology and management in the federal government.
Sista Friends is based on a similar model that has experienced great success in other urban areas.
Plants are used to treat snakebites and scorpion stings and for hunting success.
The professional success you have achieved reflects well on the school and keeps the MPA program at the top of public affairs programs across the nation.
CIOs recognize that balancing short-term successes with longer-term business change initiatives is key to keeping their business customers satisfied.
Miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business partner and long time friend Clay Chong (they own NUVENCO Group, a San Diego based product and business management firm where Chong is president and Miyares vice president); Chong's wife, Jan, administrative supervisor for the organization; and JoAnn.
Please join us in making them a success, and enjoy your share of the excitement.
Services Provided by the "DBA" Challenged America Our sailing team sets an example of success through teamwork "Giving Disabled Veterans the Business" An article from the "Disabled American Veterans" (DAV) Magazine "No Challenge too Great for These Vets" An article from the "Veterans of Foreign Wars" (VFW) Magazine How YOU CAN Help Support the "DBA"
3 Further, as we reported in April 2001, the National Infrastructure Protection Center had mixed success in establishing information-sharing relationships with other government entities and private industry.
In the hands of an already successful scholar, the "extras" that endowments provide ensure continued success - for the scholar and the school.
According to the foregoing rationale, isolated genes that participate in multi-step processes would not generally be expected to have much success in LGT.
Ways you can help The following is a list of ways your can participate in the success of the DBA.
Children are especially adept at learning to use hypnosis, [ 10 13 23 ] which may account for the high rate of reported success.
.By providing new challenges for those students already considered successful and helping them surpass boredom and complacency, which are barriers to success.
The organizations identified several critical success factors that they viewed as essential to establishing, developing, and maintaining effective information-sharing relationships, which could benefit critical infrastructure protection efforts.
4 The model consists of eight critical success factors, which are organized to correspond with four cornerstones of effective strategic human capital management: (1) leadership, (2) strategic human capital planning, (3) acquiring, developing, and retaining talent, and (4) resultsoriented organizational cultures.
As ad hoc efforts, each individual principle addresses a single aspect that is necessary, but is not sufficient for success by itself.
We continue to attract top students and consistently our graduates have the highest success rate of any law school graduates on the Indiana Bar Exam.
Indicators of success -- Salaries and compensation packages are competitive with other nonprofit and public interest organizations.
Both principles within a critical success factor also focus on the same organizational units as targets of their implementation.
Even after last year's success, less than 113 of our class is registered as a donor.
In fact, the committed support of the CEO and line management are critical to the success of financerelated improvement initiatives.
However, GSA officials view the program as a limited success because the savings are low relative to GSA's overall travel costs, which totaled about $190 million for the last 6 years.
Thus, your gift to Social Health is vitally important to our success and can accomplish the following:
The success or failure of information system acquisitions affects executive agencies' credibility with the Congress and the public as well as their abilities to carry out their missions effectively and efficiently.
The Chinese people have been described as hardworking and pragmatic, attitudes that have contributed to Hong Kong’s success.
is is that a success or is that just sort of uh part of the job description as far as the President goes
The cover story warns that the success of Catholic-controlled health care organizations threatens reproductive choice.
Though "Jeff " also used the 30 percent success figure, he warned that someone would surely be killed in the operation.
As an associate artist of the the theatre, it's my privilege to be aware of the great thing happening at the IRT and to encourage you to give generously to see the success continue.
More impressive still was Japan’s success against the powerful war machine of Czarist Russia (1904–1905), beginning with a surprise nighttime attack on the Russian fleet, to be repeated some years later at Pearl Harbor.
that's great i really feel like uh community sponsorship is going to be one of the keys to uh recycling success
A story explains the success of small businesses in the United States: Despite America's litigiousness, high health-care costs, and excessive regulation (all less pronounced in Europe), American culture encourages risk-taking and backs it with big bucks.
In the first success factor, the CIO depends to a great extent on the other senior executive officers to support the inclusion of the CIO in critical strategic discussions.
It's clear that if we don't increase our base of private funding, we won't have the kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers and the very important services they offer.
General Packenham, the brother-in-law of the Duke of Wellington (famous for his war successes), had been shot, thousands of his troops had been killed, and the tattered survivors withdrew in disarray.
you got to be they say you have to dress for success
She rejected my contention that ecological initiatives represent "the leading postwar triumph for American government," and slammed me for using the word "success" to describe environmental regulation.
Protein-protein interactions have been used to assign function with surprising success [ 12] and functional descriptors have been used to search structure space [ 13].
With the huge successes of Boris Becker, Steffi Graf, and Michael Stich, tennis has now become a favorite national sport, with squash and badminton catching on fast, too.
i thought a great deal of it was a great deal of the success that they had in their education was due to the low student teacher ratio
But wealth is one of the things we strive for, so it makes sense to ask how we measure success in that dimension.
Limited success in 1973 restored some national pride when the Sinai was returned, but Sadat was aware that his country could be bled dry if the conflict continued.
The success of an individual polymerase variant relied upon either being able to utilize several different promoters in different rounds (a 'generalist' strategy), or upon being very active with the same promoter in different rounds (a 'specialist' strategy).
Thousands of participants as actors, audience members, production crew, costume and set constructors, ushers and donors contributed to and still support the continuous success of the theatre.
The lesson of Morton's success, obviously, is that even the most mundane and undifferentiated of products can be made into something unique with the right marketing strategy.
The success of Nunavut has led other native groups to settle claims with the Canadian government.
Critical Success Factors
We would like to announce the success of this year's campaign at the Annual Meeting on April 27, so please return you pledge or gift within the next 30 days.
Only a fool would say that the New York Times , the Wall Street Journal , the Los Angeles Times , and the Washington Post haven't paired editorial quality with financial success.
Success as a pop academic requires operating on two levels--that is, making distinctly different arguments for pop readers and academic readers.
To be sure, some official language programs have enjoyed success.
The glow of that happy discovery can last for years, as Nathan Myrhvold explained and simultaneously demonstrated in a recent  Slate  "." These are folks lucky enough to be able to choose their careers and to have a good shot at success at whatever they choose.
The aforementioned anomalous success of the Marine Corps suggests a politically sensitive cause that the Times doesn't mention: the feminization of the military hasn't made it that much more appealing to women but has made it much less special-seeming to men.
Critics foresee art-house success for this film about a buttoned-down Japanese accountant whose midlife crisis drives him to take dance lessons.
We have turned monetary success into a crime.
That is a physical and social measure of the guild's success.
My conclusion after reading The Microsoft Way : Stross has plenty of company when it comes to those who are clueless about this huge capitalist success story.
But the success of the program will ride on the details, which remain unclear.
It places a high value on success with such things.
Miramax's success has attracted buyers and spawned imitators: Disney bought Miramax for an estimated $60 million in 1993 and kept the Weinsteins at the helm under a sweet contract.
In fact, some impotence researchers assert that the success rates of prostaglandin may not be much better than the success rates of placebos.
Environmental differences between the two groups could account for differing levels of athletic success.
Studios will also try to substitute for expensive star vehicles more animated films and explosive special-effects movies such as Twister and Independence Day --the biggest box-office successes last year, with grosses of more than $200 million apiece.
To invoke a computer-industry cliché, process is a strange metric to judge the success of a piece of journalism.
Summing up, at long last, Mr. Gottlieb concludes that the success of the magazine's rankings "actually depends on confounding most peoples' intuition" about which colleges and universities are the best.
As Henry Porter comments, He might as well demand a rematch of the battle of Saratoga for all the success he is going to have.
Is it not possible that the aura of success is generated by real success?
In fact, the success of her novel lies in its casualness, the way it makes the extremes of religious practice seem cozily normal.
The success of axonal growth from neurons transplanted into white matter appears to depend on avoiding significant disruption of this geometry and the upregulation of CSPGs [ 17, 18].
It is another measure of the guild's success that we can hardly imagine an alternative to it.
A "best practices" clearinghouse is developed where programs share ideas on diversity successes.
This may give a better chance of success to the much-mocked millennium celebrations in Paris and London, the former involving the Eiffel Tower laying an egg and huge plastic fishes poking their heads out of the Seine, and the latter--as caustically emphasized in all of today's British newspapers--involving no known purpose at all apart from the building of a giant dome at Greenwich at a cost of more than $1 billion.
Based on interviews with private-sector and state CIOs and other research, we have developed a framework of critical success factors and leading principles.
Slovakia has had less success than other Central European countries at ousting corrupt Communist bosses from its bureaucracy.
We collected 36 GeneChip array scans and the success of the experiments was determined by the reproducibility of the three independent replicates.
It's their success that prompted a recent headline in Variety proclaiming "Nets Reap Ratings From Reality Shows."
Leading organizations recognize that sound planning is not enough to ensure their success.
Investors can decide not only that Microsoft owes its success to the abuse of monopoly power, and not only that the courts will strip the company of this ability, but that Microsoft doesn't know any other way to survive.
Life in Berkeley was exciting, but beneath the excitement of bomb work and mixed feelings upon its success at Hiroshima, Wilkins read Erwin Schrodinger's What Is Life?
More fundamentally, though, Microsoft's success is not a mystery requiring any criminal explanation.
However, this critical success factor, as well as the underlying principles, focuses on the elements that leading organizations believe are most central to the CIO«s responsibility.
Overall, the success level for correct matches was no better than chance.
Here, OFAC had more success.
But as we know, a book's quality and its success are two different things.
However, the success of EST-derived CAPS markers depends on a well-established EST database.
As it happens, Once and Again 's success doesn't necessarily show that at all, because it is in fact a huge hit with the 18-to-34 audience.
We conclude that the success of smallpox vaccination efforts will ultimately depend on the relative weight in people's minds of the risk of vaccine adverse events compared with the risk of being exposed to the disease.
It was Reitman who first found a way to marshal the talents of Bill Murray and Harold Ramis for the big screen -- culminating in the phenomenal success of Ghostbusters.
Its success would help keep Virtual Pharma's R&D pipeline full.
The editorial asserts that welfare reform is already a success, since AFDC (Aid to Families With Dependent Children) caseloads are falling everywhere.
A PEMD report has focused on water quality: the effectiveness of efforts to improve water quality and the reasons for successes and failures.
Being an optimist, however, she feels certain that success will be the outcome, and the only one who might be disappointed with the advancement of the calendar is Zsa Zsa Gabor.
Attempts by other investigators to confirm these findings were met with various degrees of success.
It was pointed out then that including the name Webster in the title would be likely to increase the sales by a measurable amount; but Bennett and Donald, staunchly independent and proud of the successes gained in the name of Random House , would not hear of it.
However, the success of many of these efforts depends, in part, on an organization's ability to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of the data and systems it relies on.
The authors claim to demonstrate that high IQ is more predictive of economic success than any other factor, and that low IQ is more predictive of poverty and social breakdown.
success.
The NYT carries a front page story chronicling the immense success of firms relying on sweepstakes mailings to foist unwanted magazine subscriptions on the elderly.
Given the evolutionary success of insects, this combination of defense mechanisms has proven to be extremely effective, allowing insects to thrive in septic environments.
It is considered Eastern Europe's greatest economic success . Poland's government privatized more cautiously than Hungary's or the Czech Republic's.
Our specific objectives were to identify (1) critical success factors in building information-sharing relationships and (2) related challenges and how to address them.
Economic success, he argues, is simply a matter of getting the incentives right.
However, they strongly suggested that the probability of success in developing new products is greatly enhanced by the use of these practices.
Maybe there was or is a subconscious view that the path to L2 proficiency and success is open only to those who can summon up the intellectual energy and also physical, dictionary-(man)handling stamina for the task.
Although we could see bright spots with the amplification protocols, this apparent "success" does not mean the information so acquired is reliable.
I wish Virtuous Reality and Katz great success, because he deserves it.
Identify key financial and nonfinancial managers and staff whose support is critical to the success of financial management improvement initiatives.
The key to your success is what you say, not the accent with which you say it.
Participate in the postaward audit for assessing thedegree of success of the acquisition.
That might also serve as a mantra for the '90s generation, seeking the constantly moving targets of meaning and success.
Project success under this approach is primarily dependent on the owner's ability to produce a comprehensive, welldefined, and unambiguous scope of work upon which all subsequent designbuild activity will be based.
Capitalism survived its crisis and went on to great successes.
Instrumental to their success was the early ability to produce large numbers of transgenic plants, which displayed a rich variety of gene silencing phenomena that were amenable to analysis.
"His success depends on the extent to which he can assimilate into the political life of the country groups that until now have been opposed to its institutions," it concluded.
Success and Failure in Industrial Innovation.
And while I think that even Hare's best work falls short of greatness, the combination of his seriousness and his success bode well for theater as a form on both sides of the Atlantic.
Key to Rooney's success, in addition to being bilingual, were his ''low bono'' rates.
Krugman says "the currency of academic success is creativity."
While no emergency response is flawless, the response to the 9/11 terrorist attack on the Pentagon was mainly a success for three reasons: first, the strong professional relationships and trust established among emergency responders; second, the adoption of the Incident Command System; and third, the pursuit of a regional approach to response.
Why mess with success?
While senior executives are responsible for creating the environments and positions likely to ensure CIO success, it is the responsibility of the CIOs themselves to make that success a reality.
Charles Murray's view of what it takes to be a libertarian and survive, and hope to have any impact and success in the current political arena, is far different and more appropriate than Weisberg's view.
Li suggested that co-morbidity or patients' medical characteristics could also have a large impact on the success of interventions.
As such, an organization's success in managing security-related efforts is likely to hinge on its overall ability to manage its use of information technology.
Although he led the contest from the beginning, he obviously took no joy in his success.
This is not to say that there are no examples of progress in the federal sector in either of these two success factors.
The  Sunday Times  of London agreed that NATO is "at risk of being humiliated" and suggested that the only opportunity for success is the use of ground troops.
Fortunately, ADHD patients often responded to pharmacological and behavior therapies, with results that included improved task persistence, decreased impulsivity and distractability, and for some, greater success with weight control efforts.
The estimates of misfirings like this run as high as fifteen percent by those who fire flintlocks these days, when the expression signifies an intense but short-lived success or a person who fails to live up to his or her early promise.
It is crucial to the strategic planning process to measure the volume of our grantees' work and to evaluate the success of their approaches.
The cover story argues that Kofi Annan's success in Iraq marks his arrival as the first important U.N.
But insulin's very success brought trouble, as demand far exceeded the supply.
The Wall Street Journal hailed it as proof of the success of new drugs.
The first microarray contained only 45 Arabidopsis thaliana genes [ 3], but the demonstrated success of the method was quickly followed by studies of human [ 4] and yeast [ 5] gene expression.
Weld's capriciousness is key to his success.
Immunoprecipitation of all receptor types was performed using magnetic Dynabeads (Dynal Bioscience, Lake Success, NY) coated with anti-mouse or anti-rabbit IgG and used according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Thus, Roadrunner . Thus, the string of successes on Late Night With David Letterman involving the dimwitted demolition of culturally evocative objects--Running Stuff Over With a Steam Roller, Dropping Stuff off a Five-Story Tower, Crushing Stuff in a Hydraulic Press, Dropping a 1,000-Pound Weight Onto Stuff, Crashing Into Stuff With a Locomotive.
OPM said that the team's flexibility, attitude, and work ethic played a significant role in the success of this effort, which was OPM's first cross-training initiative.
Then in the '80s, a new wave of nonfiction successes hit the best-seller lists.
Instead, the acquisition environment emphasizes delaying knowledge capture and problem identification since these events can have a negative influence on obtaining annual program funding-a key to success for DOD managers.
Wolf did both, by turning the issue into an object lesson on women's professional success.
The ease of use of a screening test will determine its success.
In the afterglow of the war and the recovery from the Depression, Glazer and most of the other New York Intellectuals came to see America as a great success story.
These measurements do not need to be quantitative: government cannot measure success in the ways that private firms can.
And the truth is that there still isn't enough accountability for these kinds of forecasts to make the rewards and punishments for success and failure commensurate.
The principles under the first critical success factor, ƒAlign Information Management Leadership for Value Creation,≈ advocate the need to recognize the role of information management in creating value and positioning the CIO for success; both of these principles address issues of senior executive support.
But while this article tells us that our talented tyke's precocious success is "partly due to his talents and partly due to the abundance of opportunities in high tech fields today," we then learn: 1) He's the son of a venture capitalist; 2) he had trouble getting a job, until some of the partners at the VC firm dad founded hooked him up with Hotmail, one of their portfolio companies; and 3) at Hotmail, he struggled to do the job, but by the end of the summer had written some code they could actually use.
But her success is precisely because she is not using group data to make inferences about the individual—she is not leaping over the chasm, but instead is toiling entirely on the other side of it.
If your company is reporting excellent financial results, say so right out, then add the impressive fact that this success has been achieved despite a weak economy.
Also, demand for imagery increased dramatically following the success of the 1991 Gulf War.
A NYT front-pager reports that much of Bill Bradley's early fundraising success can be explained in two words: Wall Street.
Shared values and vision impel the ongoing investment of time and energy that is necessary for success and have enabled processes in a number of states to get past areas of disagreement.
Only the Atlanta Braves have had consistent success in this decade, making them the first team since the New York Yankees of 1960-1964 to appear in four out of five consecutive World Series.
Of fluoroscopic procedures 91% were successful, as compared with a success rate of 17% with bedside placement.
Meanwhile, a White House that couldn't resist staging a pep rally for its impeached president has remained scrupulously gloat-free about its military success in Iraq.
Despite all of its success, there are still many families who do not apply for the credit because of a lack of awareness.
Proving The Bell Curve 's thesis would require proving that success increasingly correlates with IQ in areas of life where mental tests are not the explicit gatekeepers.
Design of robust primers to maximize success with unsequenced isolates ( i.e . clinical samples), is a common challenge facing the molecular virologists.
In a recent study called the 2NN study (Lancet 363: 1253–1263), it appeared to be only marginally superior to nevirapine in terms of clinical success and virological suppression.
But I do see it as a place in which the social successes from following libertarian norms of force, fraud, and taxation, for example, yield pretty positive results.
Success in this would provide a system in which to express alleles with potentially lethal phenotypes in the developing embryo.
Critical and commercial success for the biography of Gravano, "the most famous snitch in Mob history," who brought down John "the Teflon Don" Gotti, offed 18 people, and ordered his own brother-in-law's execution.
While it is a proven wunderkind in the lab, to date no tests have been done in humans, and only the most modest and circumscribed successes have been demonstrated in animals.
Another Time article says Soul Food 's success might rouse Hollywood to pay heed to black America's box-office potential.
Although success rates as high as 90% have been claimed by others for placing post-pyloric feeding tubes at the bedside [ 30 31 32 ] , most studies report a success rate of 15-30% [ 33 34 35 36 ] . Success with bedside placement of small bowel feeding tubes is influenced by the technique and degree of expertise of the clinician.
Fisher's tenure at Motorola, one of the great business success stories of the last two decades, had been marked by dramatic improvements in quality, productivity, and innovation, capped by Motorola's reinvention of the cellular-pager market.
1 Executive Guide: Maximizing the Success of Chief Information Officers (Exposure Draft) (GAO/AIMD-00-83, March 31, 2000).
Lee comes on to virtually every beautiful woman he meets and has an amazing amount of success for someone so otherwise unsuccessful and so thickened with dissipation.
The selection of functionally-descriptive kernel documents is, therefore, a key to the success of this algorithm.
(Warner did release Pokémon , though taking credit for its success is, to use an old Lorne Michaels line, like standing next to someone who got shot and getting a Purple Heart anyway.)
Thus far, we have sought to obtain adequate, relevant records and explanations without success.
After a long period of disillusionment--uncomfortably mixed with exhilaration at the success of the blitzkrieg--and as soon as Hitler decreed the invasion of the Soviet Union, the officers began to plot again.
But its success cannot be taken for granted and will come too late for millions.
Pause and effect ... on the relation between Sinatra's careful timing and his continuing success with audiences.
Funding (success stories, budgets, partnerships)
(Key to success: Monica's lawyers brought a 46-year-old female colleague to guide Monica through the sensitive parts of her story.)
Figure 2 illustrates the six principles and their relationship with the three critical success factors and their respective organizational foci.
GE's Jack Welch is fond of saying that the key to success is changing before you have to.
The key to the success of the kernel document method is the selection of the kernel documents.
Here again one costly beer-- Sam Adams --shows up well, while another, Grolsch , continues to struggle, but not as badly as the medium-price Miller Genuine Draft . Sam's success could reflect its quasi-mislabeling, presenting a strong-flavored beer as a "lager."
Molecular biology and molecular genetics might continue to dodge teleological issues were it not for their fields' remarkable recent successes.
But there have been cases where the candidate gave us relevant numbers--and with success.
The overall success rate for single-band amplification was 88%.
The Republicans' edge in soft money reflects their greater success in raising big contributions . Soft money is donated primarily by corporations, and by individuals and PACs already maxed out on hard money.
The success of this approach depends largely on the extension and consolidation of overlapping transcripts, and the integrity of ORFs and other genomic landmarks provided by the draft sequences.
For by stipulating that the head of Saddam Hussein is the sole token of success, the GOP has staked out a comfortable position from which to criticize any Clinton administration assault on Iraq.
Tax Systems Modernization: Management and Technical Weaknesses Must Be Overcome To Achieve Success (GAO/T-AIMD-96-75, March 26, 1996)
Critics on the right dismissed the tour as a simplistic photo op, and Peter Edelman, a former Clinton official who quit to protest the 1996 welfare reform, called it cosmetic, arguing that Clinton "cannot admit the extent of the problem because his Administration has a vested interest in the notion that welfare reform has been a success."
Physician and patient success would be measured in terms of incremental progressive changes [ 30 ] versus the absolute of success or failure.
The Sunday Times reported that British police have had some success in sartorial sleuthing.
BACKGROUND � THE SUCCESS OF THE CLEAN AIR ACT 
Even so, the anecdotal success of the Balkans adventure has refueled the high-tech crusade.
But long-term success demands the use of all elements of national power: diplomacy, intelligence, covert action, law enforcement, economic policy, foreign aid, public diplomacy, and homeland defense.
The bottom line (probably not my best metaphor in this context) is the success of the corporate elite and free-market ideologues in pushing the "end of history" idea--that in a post-Communist world there is no alternative to our present economic and social system, like it or not.
Furthermore, methods based on a different principle, such as protein sequence-structure threading, have a recent history of success despite uncertainties in their statistical foundations [ 22, 53, 54, 55, 56].
The herbal extract shows success in treating mild dementia and preventing Alzheimer's memory loss.
Bela wrote Dialogues on Perception (1995), a wide-ranging intellectual effort, in which he uses classic dialectics to question both his own successes and those of his chosen field.
But the Hong Kong Journalists' Association disputes his success; its "campaign for open government" notes that 69 percent of surveyed HKJA members believe the pre-hand-over government was more open than the current one.
Only when the right employees are on board and provided the training, technology, structure, incentives, and accountability to work effectively is organizational success possible.
Our original idea of a separate cover and contents page, united by theme music, has not, in our view, been a success, and we'll be reworking that in the weeks ahead.
Federal CIOs can learn from the successes of these leading organizations and can apply the principles as appropriate in their own organizations.
Dem's book was part of the flood of Ancient Astronaut books inspired by the huge success of Erich von Daniken's Chariots of the Gods?
Second, modest chemistry and biology experiments will be needed to increase the chances for success.
In a world where a formidable institution like the Wall Street Journal has 180,000-plus paying online subscribers more than a year after it started charging, and where Playboy's site is considered a success at 22,000 subscribers, we're pretty pleased that 10,000 people signed up before they even had to.
This may reflect the fact that TNF-α therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-α, while IL-10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand, IL-10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis, however its effectiveness is also variable.
That is why it was invented, and that is why the Bush brothers brag about its success.
Plant leaves and other plant parts including peppers were then rubbed into the wounds on the noses of the dogs [ 20 ] . This was done on the assumption that the power of scent in dogs was improved by these practices since the nasal mucous membranes were cleaned, the perceptions were sharpened, and the dog would keep its nose to the ground when hunting [ 20 21 ] . There seemed to be a mental connection of success in acquisition of game with pain previously inflicted on the hunter and his dog [ 20 ] . The nervous system of the dogs was irritated to such an extent that it was responsive to even the slightest external stimulus and therefore more likely to be successful in hunting [ 21 ] . There was also the belief that inflicting pain was a means of preparing to meet without flinching any pain or danger that could arise during the chase [ 20 ] . This preparation was not ill-advised since Lachesis muta muta often lives in the burrows of lappe and tatou [ 22 ] . Each hunting dog was trained to hunt one sort of game [ 20 ] .
Surprisingly, though, Fisher seems not to have recognized how important Motorola's high-powered lobbying efforts were to its success in the trade wars.
The critical success factors and challenges described by the organizations provide useful insights for other entities that are developing informationsharing relationships to assist in critical infrastructure protection.
Occasionally I have asked historians and others about this without success, confirmation or denial.
Evolutionary pressures to resist or adapt to the stresses of caloric constraints have almost certainly served to assure the successes of mammalian reproduction (natural selection) for millions of years.
To kevork someone is to assist him in the commission of suicide--an eponym derived proximately, of course, from the work of Dr. Jack Kevorkian, but made possible by the prior success of the rhyming verb to bork (from the name Robert Bork, and meaning to use every means possible to sabotage a nominee to high office).
The following practices, commonly used by CIOs in leading organizations to build credibility, can also be considered and applied by CIOs in federal departments and agencies to better legitimize their positions and help ensure success in their individual business/cultural environments.
A story explains the success of Southwest Airlines: quick flight turnarounds (they ready a plane in 20 minutes instead of the standard 45), less hectic airports (Providence and Baltimore, not Boston and D.C.), and the enthusiasm of its employees (they adore fun-loving president Herb Kelleher).
It has been a resounding success, with SO2 emissions from power generation dropping 4.5 million tons from 1990 levels and NOx emissions down 1.5 million tons from 1990 levels (about 3 million tons lower than projected growth).
It was the first sense I got of a man who was as deeply compromised by success as any African-American.)
Success will demand concerted effort and long-term commitment, but the returns should be considerable.
Defense officials warn that this success was only a first step, and much more work is required to provide comprehensive protection.
Over the years, GAO has made observations and recommendations about many of these success factors, based on effective management of people, technology, financial, and other issues, especially in its biannual Performance and Accountability Series on major government departments.
Despite the ascendance of soccer moms into American political iconography, despite the fact that a generation of kids has now grown up playing soccer, and despite the success of successive World Cups (men and women) here in 1994 and in 1999, the essential operating assumption of television programmers for all the major networks--broadcast and cable--is that no real audience for international soccer exists.
Engaging Employee Unions Involving employee unions, as well as involving employees directly, is crucial to achieving success.
In fact, some impotence researchers assert that the success rates of prostaglandin may not be much better than the success rates of placebos.
For reasons the response was mainly a success, see Arlington County, "After-Action Report," pp. 11-12; Edward Plaugher interview (Oct.
To refresh Mr. Kinsley's memory, the relevant passage begins at Page 148, where I wrote that "The technique of predation, rather than the question of reserves, is likely to be decisive in the success of the tactic, and the law should focus upon this issue."
1 Specifically, weaknesses such as poor controls over access to data and inadequate disaster recovery plans increased the risk of losses, inappropriate disclosures, and disruptions in service associated with the enormous amounts of electronically maintained information essential for delivering federal services and assessing the success of federal programs.
More plausible is that Ware was entrapped by his own rhetorical success.
He had made similar requests in the Clinton administration; he had no more success with Rice than he had with Berger.
We want them to have what Alex Portnoy longed for: a deeper sort of American comfort and success than SAT scores and music lessons can provide.
It should be stressed that the true success rate of Ahab will be much higher since the number of genes for which blastoderm expression is demonstrated is (< 100) or 1/3 of the total.
[1966] ritual palm slapping, originated by US blacks and now popular among a wide range of individuals, especially sportsmen who raise their hands and slap palms together to celebrate a victory or on-field success.
What we saw was the success of a wonderful home-based treatment and care program for people who don't have access through other means.
To be precise, Woodruff asked what lessons Bush took from the successes and failures of Acheson and George Marshall.
And then we failed to celebrate those successes as important milestones and victories.
"Historically, there is no correlation between academic achievement and success in the Oval Office," they note.
Only when the right personnel for the job are on board and are provided the right training, tools, structure, incentives, and responsibilities is operational success possible.
In China, for example, the big story had been the Chinese government's self-proclaimed diplomatic triumphs, such as President Clinton's visit to Beijing and Chinese President Jiang Zemin's visits to Moscow and Tokyo; in Russia it had been the collapse of the post-Soviet financial system and the humiliation of market reformers; in Israel the disintegration of Benjamin Netanyahu's government amid bitter divisions over the Middle East peace process; in South Africa the report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on apartheid-era crimes; in Germany the September election that ousted Chancellor Helmut Kohl and brought the Social Democrat Gerhard Schröder to power; in Italy the country's success in qualifying to join the new euro currency; and in France its soccer team's 3-0 victory over Brazil in the final of the World Cup.
Chlamydiae all progress through a life cycle that is intimately tied to success as a pathogen.
"Money has never been any criterion for success in Washington, because power is the criterion," says Sally Quinn, the authority on establishment D.C.'s sociology.
The current configuration and planning successes in each of these regions are described below:
What is beyond dispute is that advocates of drug reform are enjoying unprecedented success in setting the nation's drug-policy agenda, at least for the moment.
To help ensure the success of GPRA, the CFO Council, which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers' responsibilities, established a GPRA Implementation Committee.
Your livelihood is dependent on the success of this program.
Information on Critical Success Factors and Challenges Can Benefit Critical Infrastructure Protection
Combine that fact with the willful neglect of the idea of the opportunity cost of investing--that is, you have to measure the success of an investment against other potential investments you might have made, not against "zero"--and you get a recipe for real confusion.
Kass retorted that science isn't like that: modest success tends to place the bit between our teeth and can often result in advances far exceeding our expectations.
Once and Again 's success has been taken as a sign that a show doesn't have to appeal to that desperately sought-after 18-to-34 demographic in order to be a hit.
Innumerable treatments for this condition have been utilized - with varying degrees of success - by clinicians and patients.
Alarmists, agreeing that Harris "can put you into your own designer baby by selling eggs," predict that his success will steer "the future of human breeding" toward "genetic engineering."
The fact that an organization is profiled for a particular practice is not meant to imply success or lack of success in other dimensions.
An article questions the success of women's liberation.
But this has proven that if you go after something using some rational approach instead of hit-and-miss, you'll probably have more success than by the other method.”
You now find it completely plausible that she herself smeared her lipstick"--also given them to Steele, with greater success?
The second critical success factor focuses on the CIO«s ability to establish the CIO organization as a central player in the enterprise.
Because state-supported Irish in the Republic of Ireland has a much more temperamental success rate.
We must find ways of reconciling security with liberty, since the success of one helps protect the other.
The laws do not prevent market winners from enjoying the fruits of their success or protect losers from the consequences of their failure.
Finally, the organization of principles into critical success factors illustrates the extent to which the work of a successful CIO must extend throughout the enterprise.
But while busing did great damage in many cities, in Charlotte it was widely considered an against-the-odds success.
Success in peptides designed to bind in the MHC groove has been achieved by carefully dissecting side chain interactions and placing appropriate flexible residues at key positions in the peptide.
Today, the memory of Psychic Friends would live on in all our minds as a great and kooky American success story; we wouldn't have hundreds of psychics worried about their futures; and Lasky would still be ridiculously wealthy.
Because technology was becoming critical to future success in this business sector, top managers were increasingly assigned to support and manage the company«s internal information management functions.
The Sweet Problem of Success
Both principles require that the leaders of the enterprise embrace the critical role information management can play in the success of the organization and the leadership role the CIO must play in order for information technology and management to meet its potential.
But PointCast's success at "push" is drawing lots of rivals, both small start-ups and the big boys.
JNET«s success has served to legitimize and increase the value of the CIO function to its business counterparts.
Fargo 's Oscar success notwithstanding, Miller's Crossing remains the Coen's best offering.
However, because the integral dose/AUC analysis did reach significance for the rectum, and because the V60 analysis did reach statistical significance for both the bladder and rectum, the results of the current investigation represent initial success with the application of the BED-DVH concept.
De la Rua has pledged to maintain the fiscal successes of his predecessor, included a fiscal policy that helped stem the nation's hyperinflation.
Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) has been implicated in the development and pathogenicity of infectious diseases and autoimmune disorders, such as septic shock, arthritis, and hypotension [ 1 2 3 4 ] . It plays a pivotal role in the inflammatory cascade and, together with IL-1 and IL-6, has been shown to mediate the acute-phase response [ 5 6 ] . Confirmation of its significance in disease comes from the success of clinical trials using anti-TNF therapy to treat rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn's disease [ 7 8 9 10 ] .
In Britain, the dictionary's “success is shown by the fact that more than 90 percent of households possess at least one, making the dictionary far more popular than cookery books (about 70 percent) and indeed significantly more widespread than the Bible (which was to be found in 80 percent of households in England in 1983, according to the Bible Society”).
But it was not a success.
2) "Sam's success could reflect its quasi-mislabeling, presenting a strong-flavored beer as a 'lager.
General Accounting Office, Homeland Security: Proposal for Cabinet Agency Has Merit, But Implementation Will be Pivotal to Success, GAO-02-886T (Washington, D.C.: June 25, 2002) and FBI Reorganization: Initial Steps Encouraging but Broad Transformation Needed, GAO-02-865T (Washington, D.C.: June 21, 2002).
If we use the same standard for both, Hillary was a great success (more people talked about health care than are talking about land mines) and, at best, the jury is still out on Diana (though I imagine land mines will go on killing people for decades to come).
Specifically, GAO has developed a framework that will help the Congress and the Administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself, determining which agencies should be included and excluded, and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that, after completion of the revised organizational structure, will be critical to the department's success.
Is it not possible that the aura of success is generated by real success?
Agencies need to be able to measure success.
Actually, more than a year ago (June 18, 1996) the Wall Street Journal 's Michael Frisby wrote a long story on Peter Knight that disclosed Knight's connection to Molten, Molten's donations to the Democrats, and the company's success in obtaining contracts from the Clinton administration.
This guide is intended to assist federal agencies in maximizing the success of CIOs.
How could a dunce enjoy the continuous successes that Reagan did?
Recommendation #5 Research is needed on how demographic and cultural attributes of ED patients, practitioners, and interventionists influence the success of screening and interventions for alcohol problems.
He announced remarkable rates of success with autistic patients.
We also began implementing a range of new and enhanced human capital and information technology strategies to position GAO for future success.
In the autobiography, I'm Only One Man , he explains his success this way: "I started small and learned to keep it small.
This limitation can be overcome by culturing neurons on cryostat sections where both the success and orientation of neurite growth on white matter have been shown to depend on the geometry of the underlying fiber tract [ 22].
Selena's death did inspire an outpouring of grief and attract the attention of the mainstream media (inspired by the success of their Selena-memorial issue, People launched a Spanish version of the magazine).
The success of these programs is undeniable.
John F. Kennedy's election to the White House and the success of celebrities like Grace Kelly proved that the WASP establishment, which long impeded access to Irish-Americans, was crumbling.
Many of the successes of vector algebra in image compression, smoothing and signal detection come from the identification of appropriate basis functions.
[This] was completely wrong and is further testimony to the success of the air campaign."
First responders also played a significant role in the success of the evacuation.
And so a comedian's success creates his failure.
The success of these programs is best demonstrated by the fact that they have been close to meeting cost, schedule, and performance objectives.
But in the end, you knew they were bad: They broke their mothers' hearts and paid too high a price for their criminal success.
Indicators of success -- Money is available to implement innovative diversity agendas and model projects.
Just as the right acronym can be the key to a project's success, so can an ill-chosen acronym lead to disaster.
Success, to be appreciated, has to be demonstrable and measurable.
Her status as an American who fled both Hitler and Stalin gives Albright a certain moral authority, just as her success, against long odds, as a woman in a man's world makes her an appealing figure.
American Airlines dispatchers also tried, without success.
Kevin Williamson, high off his continuing success writing teen films ( Scream ) and television ( Dawson's Creek ), tries his hand at directing.
Thus, the success of Ahab suggests that just modeling the binding energies is already predictive.
And in that sense, I suppose, the suit is already a great success.
Case studies can determine the effects of programs and reasons for success (or failures).
Two other stories, however, are premised on the nation's general success and contentedness.
Think of the joy and success they bring to you and your loved ones.
Individual successes at Goodwill mean fewer persons receiving public support and more paying taxes.
Won't you help make all of these successes possible?
But, the high road leading to success and opportunities and even then, though we were quite young, he challenged us it seemed to get through that if we selected the high road that benefits had the possibilities of being numerous and sometimes when I'm out alone, when test and trials come, those words come to me, a group of words were uttered by ( ) that we were expected to learn and we were expected and required in high school to learn poems, to read poems and try to interpret poems that we could think of, and one of them was by Kipling, which was "If" and I don't recall all of it now, but it went on to say that "if you can dream and not make your dreams your master, if you can think and not make your thoughts your aim, you can meet with triumph and disaster.
As is true with any other partnership, regular communication is essential to success.
Our annual report highlights a few of our successes during the past year and the partners who helped make them happen.
Simply doing business with lean retailers in no way confers competitive success.
His radicalism mellowed with time and success.
Americans would feel funny about that and maybe sort of feel like he isn't that success that he could have been
Luckily for New Orleans, his scheme was a remarkable success.
the tomatoes come on and they kind of fry right on the plant so it's real hard and the bugs you know if that doesn't kill it the bugs do so i have tried kind you know with just very little success
There are over 156 species of animals on view here, with notable successes in the breeding of endangered rhinos and Rothschild giraffes.
rather than uh you know the sort of super woman success in the business world as well they would somehow be perceived as a failure in their own eyes or in others and and then you see then it's not a choice anymore
Despite occasional surprise international successes (such as Unagi and Shall We Dance? )
it seems like the success ratio the success rate here is not as good as on some of the better lakes there but
Back home, wives who at first seem passive and subservient are formidably powerful mothers and homemakers, driving their children to scholastic success through “examination hell. ”
yeah he had had had sort of mixed success with them uh when he was there but
For a relatively small nation, Hungary has enjoyed much Olympic and World Championship success.
they still had a a better success rate simply because they started with a lot better raw material i mean everybody that went to a Catholic school had uh
It was completed in 1873, two years after the victory over the French, and also commemorates successes against Denmark and Austria in 1864 and 1866 respectively.
all they you know thinking that they're going to have money and jobs and success and everything and then they then there is no jobs and they end up homeless and not knowing anybody and no money and it's terrible
What remains for most people the ultimate monument was a resounding success right from the start.
fortunately they have some some success stories to share and i try to
Their natural strengths in agricultural production and trade have ensured their success in the new alliance, and the Netherlands has become an important base for foreign companies who have trade ties in Europe.
uh we didn't have to uh we didn't have to ignore a lot of uh Bush's success because you know he really did a lot in the last term he uh
When corporations moved in with more stringent departmental accounting procedures, every sector of a hotel-casino had to show success.
uh curbside recycling they've got special special you they selected sites and in those sites they they've been doing it and they've had a pretty good success so they're talking about
The occupation lasted until 1952, having already planted the seeds for Japan’s future stunning economic success.
you know their their success rate is very high crime does pay cash you can make a good living at it
And the Champagne area lies conveniently to the east to help celebrate its successes.
given the success or rather lack there of of the police in controlling the market in drugs i sort of wonder uh you know really how effective it would be but i don't i don't mean that
With varying degrees of success, the tourist hotels try to meet foreigners’ demands for a quiet place to have a drink and a chat.
uh there they seem to be having success and but it is a uh
While Christianity was not a great success in China, it made local headway, evidenced today by the numerous Catholic churches in Macau’s historic center.
cruddy but not a dress either and sometimes i wonder if stuff like that would will hold you back you know if you don't dress in you know your dress for success business suits everyday if
Named by Danish settlers after the wife of King Christian V, the settlement started out as a trading port (a tradition that continues with great success today).
it seems like the success ratio the success rate here is not as good as on some of the better lakes there but
This, combined with the island’s extraordinary underground water resources, assures the success of Ibiza’s agriculture.
on this area and do something about it and i see that even he was met without with with little success even though the entire
He bought several Strip properties — the Silver Slipper and Castaways among them — and demolished them to make way for a new kind of resort — Mirage — which became an instant success.
does uh recognition from others and a sense of contributing to the organization's success does that rank pretty high for you
You might have more fun — and even success — “spinning” from the back of a boat; catches of brill almost half a metre (11⁄2 feet) long are not uncommon in winter.
are not not having the same success i think some people have just assumed well why why can't you be successful the Japanese were or the Chinese were or something And it's really much more complicated
Despite his ambition, Gass’ success was short-lived.
right uh what what i mean is though the strong sense of uh nationalism that occurred you know right after the war uh sort of heroized George Bush you know whether or not it was you know a success for us or whatnot he tended to come out of the out of the
Poland has an enviable cinematic tradition and has produced great film directors who’ve gone on to international success, including Krzysztof Kie§lowski, Andrzej Wajda, and Roman Polanski.
i i like to uh read about people who've been a successful you know who've who made a success of their lives
When you read your New York Times Magazine this Sunday (or Saturday, if you live in New York), you will learn about a raging controversy (ok, minor dispute) in the literary world: Does former Knopf fiction editor Gordon Lish deserve credit for author Raymond Carver's success?
The principle that addresses the need to ensure the credibility of the CIO organization and the principle that encourages measuring success and demonstrating results, if executed successfully, will lead to the confidence of those with operational responsibility in the enterprise.
To build upon our past successes and to launch these new initiatives, we need your support.
With the talent of impresario Rudolf Bing, it was a great success and rapidly became one of the premier festivals of its kind in the world.
i wasn't sure i appreciated that duty for two years in a row but i found that advance planning was the key to success
The former model has parlayed her restaurant successes into a lifestyle TV show and a forthcoming magazine.
These agencies have taken the first steps in creating a performance management system for senior executives that is a strategic tool for holding individuals accountable for their contributions to results and organizational success.
The nine assets are known to enhance school success, educational aspirations, and the development of positive behaviors.
The success of the Marais district’s Sunday opening hours is gradually spreading across town.
well i think the terrain had a lot to do with the the success of Desert Storm as opposed to that in Vietnam
Those feminists who emphasize success within the world as we know it tend to encourage women to purge their speech of tag endings and to retrain themselves to speak in what is perceived as a more masculine, more assertive way.
The acid rain program has been a resounding success, cutting annual sulfur dioxide emissions in the first phase by 50 percent below allowed levels.
Inevitably, some people will get burned in the process, but others will rise triumphantly from the fray to even greater successes.
um the success rate of getting it sorted properly seemed to be poor so
Keys to success: Sit in a front seat on the shuttle and dictate an optimum route to cabbies.
Officials from the five agencies attributed improved operations to the employee empowerment and involvement initiatives they had implemented, and the specific offices we visited had achieved successes in implementing the practices we reviewed in this report.
With your help, there will be more success stories like those we mentioned above.
The Utah Republican emphasized his middle-of-the-road politics, working-class roots, and low expectations of success.
It was not until 1128, when Dom Afonso Henríques became the Count of Portucale, that the struggle to regain power met with any real success.
The CIO must create an environment in which the ability of the CIO organization to contribute to the success of the enterprise is recognized.
The success of our athletes and America's Olympic Movement depends on the support of proud individuals like you who know what it takes to be the best.
That was one factor in the recent electoral success of the right-wing Swiss People's Party.
Yoritomo’s piety bought him a little more time to enjoy his success; he was 52 when he was thrown by a horse and died of his injuries.
Other critical success factors identified included
Day by day, your support as a member of the Conservancy becomes more and more crucial to the success of our work -- to protect and save natural areas that soon may be lost forever.
Your inspiration, your generous support and your active leadership are crucial to our success.
You are vital to our success.
With all our successes, the law school still has many opportunities for growth and improvement.
Others continue to notice our success.
Corporate donations are absolutely vital to the success of this institution.
United Way's ultimate success comes down to individuals like you and me and how we respond to human need.
Thousands of participants as actors, audience members, production crew, costume and set constructors, ushers and donors contributed to and still support the continuous success of the theatre.
Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical to its success these last four years.
Being an institution that promotes education and learning through the connection of people and the natural world around them, the Society is actively preparing for continued success in the future.
Thus, your gift to Social Health is vitally important to our success and can accomplish the following:
An integral part of that reputation has been the professional success of our alumni.
Because of the school's success, the satisfaction and pride that you can take in your law degree continues to be enhanced.
As advocates throughout the community devoting your time, talent, and resources, you help ensure the IMA's success in realizing its new vision to join the ranks of the top tier of American museums.
However, the success of many of these efforts depends, in part, on an organization's ability to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of the data and systems it relies on.
The very success of dentistry has raised expectations so high that patients now object to any inconvenience.
The choice between security and liberty is a false choice, as nothing is more likely to endanger America's liberties than the success of a terrorist attack at home.
Her repeated use of that word--"success"--was especially galling.
Despite the success of LSC and its many contributions to access to justice for low-income Americans, its achievements are overshadowed by the fact that so many in our society continue to suffer injustice and are unable to gain access to a lawyer for critical legal assistance.
The NYT reports on its front that officials haven't given up hope but conceded that "chances of success would be diminishingly slim if they are unable to hear from the robotic spacecraft in a test on Sunday."
Bin Ladin understood better than most of the volunteers the extent to which the continuation and eventual success of the jihad in Afghanistan depended on an increasingly complex, almost worldwide organization.
But the trumpets have grown louder in recent weeks, as the success of the "triple-combo therapy" of protease inhibitors, AZT, and 3TC has been recorded.
It will build on the successes of the Acid Rain cap and trade program.
In that, the list has been a success.
The fact that an organization is profiled for a particular practice is not meant to imply the organization's success or lack of success in meeting other practices.
Notable is the term illustrative , used to describe the quotations accompanying the definitions: aside from their mixed success in serving to illustrate, quotations served a somewhat different purpose in the OED (and, indeed, in their application in some other dictionaries): they were the source matrix from which the definitions were derived.
However, evolutionary acquisition has yet to be consistently implemented with success on individual weapon system acquisitions.
Academic success depends on a reputation for cutting-edge research--which typically means either clever mathematical models or ingenious statistical exercises that redefine some important issue or explode some piece of conventional wisdom.
(i) Phages vary in treatment success.
In today's politics, the son's checkered résumé signifies success.
For example, the chief executive officer (CEO) may ƒposition the CIO for success≈ in advance of hiring a new CIO while the other principles await the CIO«s attention.
The tax rate reductions are conditioned on continued success at reducing the national debt.
The use of hallucinogenic and other plants to improve hunting success is documented in the literature [ 19 16 ] . Waorani in the Ecuadorian Amazon feel that the characteristics of one entity or object may pass to another [ 19 ] . These beliefs may lie behind the use of plants for hunting success.
Success in Ireland just proves that the World's Only Superpower must intervene more frequently, say Kristol, Steve Roberts, and George Will ( This Week ). A few pundits stress potential pitfalls along the road to peace.
We determined the success of each hybridization experiment by taking into account the results of the agarose gel analysis of PCR products, dot-blot analysis of probes, microarray data (described below), available information from public databases, and the quality of the captured images.
So after seven years and millions of dollars spent investigating Microsoft, the government seems to have found virtually no anti-competitive acts to account for the company's success.
EPA Inspector General report,"EPA's Response to the World Trade Center Collapse: Challenges, Successes, and Areas for Improvement," Aug. 21, 2003.
Success!
Each commercial firm we visited had a new product development process that was prominent and central to the firm's successes.
Everybody loves a success story, and triumph over adversity is always uplifting.
Additional proficiencies critical to CIO success include leadership ability, innovation and flexibility, effective communications skills, interpersonal skills, and political astuteness.
Rather than find out how Microsoft produced Encarta , I would really like to know how Microsoft got every PC company to load its computers with Microsoft software and not that of other--at times, superior--operating systems (the conventional wisdom that Gates handed his systems' standards out to everyone while his competitors kept their standards proprietary doesn't begin to account for the enormity of Microsoft's success).
While senior executives are responsible for creating the environments and positions likely to ensure CIO success, it is the responsibility of the CIOs themselves to make that success a reality.
In short, the success of macroeconomic activism, in both theory and practice, has made it possible for free market microeconomics to survive--again both in theory and in practice.
In the Procera study conducted by Ödman and Andersson [ 13 ] , retention failures requiring recementation were not included in their impressive success rate.
Confused thinking does not necessarily lead to disaster; steel-trap logic is no guarantee of success.
A commitment from European researchers to be engaged for the long term is essential for the success of these projects.
Their "success" in doing so is of course debatable, but it makes you wonder: Has Rosen simply never read those papers?
The success in ablating PfPP1 is particularly gratifying to us on a number of accounts.
Enumerating the long list of failed Mars missions--and a few "spectacular successes"--the Times concluded, "It now seems that not everything was fully tested before the mission started.
demonstrated a 95% success rate in designing OCPs for 99 different targets on the first attempt [ 3 ] . Probes can be designed against either strand of genomic DNA, and the backbone portion can also be varied.
The Netherlander reports that former Dutch central bank director and monetary expert Andre Szasz is gravely concerned about the success of the Economic and Monetary Union.
Encouraged by the success with GFP, we next looked at Δpre-M/E replicons with HIV-1 env material cloned into the position of the deleted pre-M and E genes.
Of course, even Toobin's hypocrisy may not be enough to turn his book into a commercial success.
Balance quick successes with long term impact by
An "insider" says, "She honestly believes that some day when she's a huge success in TV, Bill will want her back in his life."
The plants used to influence success in hunting are presented below in Tables 1and 2. The plants used for snakebites, mange and other skin conditions, and injuries are listed below the tables.
Charlotte's busing success hinged on several things.
Optimization of T m parameters, and sequence allows rapid design of OCPs with a high degree of success.
Modern America, however, is a hugely unequal society in which anyone can achieve awesome success, but not many actually do.
Further success may allow for a more high-throughput examination of phenotypes resulting from transient gene knockout in parasites.
On the deepest and most decisive level, this spin has been an enormous success.
DOD's leadership has come to recognize that if the Department is to make results-oriented management a success, it must train its employees in strategic planning, performance measurement, and the use of performance information.
Hype is underway for the second film adaptation of a best-selling Terry McMillan novel, after the unexpected success of the 1995 Waiting to Exhale . The story: A 40-year-old, workaholic stockbroker and single mom, Stella (Angela Bassett), goes with her best friend Regina (Whoopi Goldberg) on a vacation to Jamaica, where she falls in love with a man 20 years her junior.
Results indicate that these external groups have had success in improving processes of care (i.e.
And it's hard work to determine the success of mergers, because you have to compare the performance of the new company against the projected performance of the previously independent companies.
The qualitative conclusion of the authors was assessed using the method described by Gilberts and Colditz [ 19 20 ] and adapted to a six point scale, where 1 = control group highly preferred, 2 = control preferred to EPO treatment, 3 = about equal, EPO a disappointment, 4 = about equal, EPO a success, 5 = EPO preferred to control and 6 = EPO highly preferred.
But the dumb-is-better argument falls apart when you look more closely at the personal qualities and corresponding successes and failures of just about any president.
Maximizing the Success of Chief Information Officers
Among the most important distortions she exposes are: an invented psychology degree from the University of Vienna; pretended acquaintance with Freud; guardianship of an autistic child whom his first wife in fact tended; unreliable accounts of his ordeals in Dachau and Buchenwald; and exaggerated claims of success as a benevolent savior of emotionally disturbed children at the Sonia Shankman Orthogenic School at the University of Chicago.
Principle IV: Measure Success and Demonstrate Results
The wild success of Friends , I think, kicked off the era.
IT managers recognize that success with the current initiative goes a long way in increasing CIO credibility with the state agencies.
The McCain campaign has more specific evidence of success.
One lesson we should learn from the success of the Acid Rain cap and trade program is that when certain key issues can be resolved through clear legislation, we can avoid years of litigation, business uncertainty and costs, and delayed environmental protection.
"Celebrity is the pox of success," says Harrison Ford as he gives the camera his trademark weary stare.
Principle II: Position the CIO for Success
But strangely, despite the commercial success of that book, no other writer has responded to the call.
To determine if the lack of success was specific to the DRF+ RNA, a second RNA, DXB+ (DHBV nt 1358-1504 positive polarity), annealed to the complementary oligonucleotide D1452- was employed in RNAseH assays.
The final straw was surely the grotesque affair of Richard Herrnstein and Charles Murray's The Bell Curve: Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life . This book came close to claiming that, given your genes, it makes no difference to your economic success whether you grew up in Scarsdale or the South Bronx.
This evolutionary approach significantly contributed to the cost and schedule successes of this program.
So about all I can do is wonder if Harrison Ford's weary stare would have been as weary if he reversed his word order and intoned, "Success is the pox of celebrity."
For the CIO organization to be viewed as part of the business, a structured process needs to be in place to measure success and demonstrate results to the organization.
Which success would appear less taxing to a studio's resources and more easy to repeat?
Critical Success Factors
Thurmond told me that the staffer's success showed what "those people" could do.
The success of these three unusual strategies, all originating within academic centers, provides a new drug pipeline for parasitic diseases with no market value for the pharmaceutical industry (Figure 1).
Then, following the success of Clueless , teen films started to trickle back.
In addition to the above criteria that the Congress should consider when evaluating what to include and exclude from the proposed DHS, there are certain critical success factors the new department should emphasize in its initial implementation phase.
Harris advertises beauty not as an end but as a means to "success," since people who are physically desirable get more attention, power, and favorable treatment.
The successful execution of these two critical success factors depends to a great extent on officials other than the CIO.
The Moscow Times ran a comment by Yulia Latynina Wednesday on a rise in the approval ratings of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin because of Russian successes in the Chechen war.
Also, the way that value is assigned to outcomes to determine success or failure is not discussed.
Reno's entire success at Justice rests on her image as an ethical paragon.
Factors which can affect test success and precision include (1) the experience and skill of the laboratory analyst; (2) test organism age, condition, and sensitivity; (3) dilution water quality; (4) temperature control; and (5) the quality and quantity of food provided.
The very success of the old order has created new choices as well as--educated, informed-- people interested in new choices.
She observes, “People have been doing that for a while with absolutely no success.
Judging by McCain's success, New Hampshire voters prefer more interactive settings, the paper reports.
Foster Trust and Respect An underlying element to the success of information-sharing organizations was developing trusted relationships among the members and the organizations' staffs.
A story bemoans the success of the Gap and Pottery Barn, saying they have afflicted the United States with an excess of bland good taste.
14 Modern information management approaches, coupled with new information technology, can make success more or less likely-depending on the way they are handled.
They portrayed the Christian Coalition as conservatism's standard-bearer, declared the coalition's candidates losers, and contrasted this with the success of "the centrist, pragmatic Republican governors."
The problem of ever-expanding libraries has not gone away in the ten years since JSTOR was conceived, but the ultimate solution—the availability of electronic content—has become closer, and JSTOR's success has encouraged others to develop services that are more in accord with 2003 than 1993.
Needless to say, success, in such cases, hinges on the ad maker's ability to manipulate that fine line between the familiar and the clichéd: It's all in the adaptation.
All of the secondary structure base pairs and a few of the tertiary structure base pairs predicted with covariation analysis [ 5 6 7 8 9 71 72 73 74 ] are present in the tRNA crystal structure [ 10 11 ] . The analysis of fragments of 5S rRNA [ 75 ] and the group I intron [ 76 ] resulted in similar levels of success.
Around 9 on Election Night, under fire from journalists over the GOP's mounting disappointments, Republican flacks began falling back on their safest success story: the victories of George W. and Jeb Bush in the Texas and Florida gubernatorial races.
The ultimate success of generousassociates or any other cause supported by the legal profession depends, in part, upon the financial success of the lawyers and law firms who support those causes.
His English-language debut should finally bring him crossover success.
In order to improve the success at post-pyloric placement, modifications have been made to the feeding tubes, including lengthening the tube, altering the configuration and profile of the tip, and adding various types of weights [ 34 37 38 ] . Innovative methods of placement have been described that include using industrial magnets, bedside sonography, fiberoptics through the tube, gastric insufflation, and electrocardiogram-guided placement [ 33 37 38 39 40 ] . Prokinetic agents have also been used to improve the likelihood of trans-pyloric passage of the feeding tube [ 35 39 40 41 42 ] . The number of variations and modifications of the blind bedside technique attest to the fact that none is ideal.
Indeed, you probably can't become the manager of a really large hedge fund unless you have a slightly irrational faith in your own judgment; when success depends on being able to convince other people to let you take huge risks with their money, it is not the paranoid but the megalomaniac who survive.
The success of this project largely depends on the development, availability, and use of ontological terms not defined in the MAGE project.
"In any event, even the IMF can hardly describe as a success a program that is partly responsible for such bloodshed and one which cannot even now be implemented."
Unless there is a substantial increase in commitment and resources for both prevention and ART, efforts to control HIV/AIDS and mitigate its impact will only meet with partial and limited success.
Mega-Advances: The success of hit books like Bill Cosby's Fatherhood , which set sales records, induced publishers to compete for blockbuster authors.
In commenting on a draft of this report, the participants of our study agreed with the critical success factors and challenges that we identified.
But while dreaming of a trade victory to solve fundamental business problems seems like a dubious recipe for success, there's one important thing to remember: That was exactly the recipe that Fisher had learned while he was at Motorola.
Figure 2: Critical Success Factors and Organizational Relationships
The transformation of American dentistry from drill-and-fill to shoot-and-loot is an unlikely business success story of the '90s, a case study in how a profession can work itself out of a job and still prosper.
The "promise" has to do with the intervention's likelihood of success in the ED, not with its success in other settings.
According to the coverage, he portrayed the agreement as his success at getting the very best possible out of the land-for-security Oslo peace process he inherited from his Labor predecessors.
Note that high heritability is no guarantee of success in efforts to identify candidate genes.
Some very distinguished historians have experimented with doing so in recent years, some with great success.
Measuring Success
The magnitude of Nirvana's success--and the success of its lesser Seattle brethren, like Pearl Jam and Soundgarden--was such that it couldn't be ignored.
There were reports of phage success against dysentery, typhoid, and plague, and bacteriophage therapy had a brief heyday, especially in the 1920s.
It is the side of Johnson that we are most familiar with, Johnson as the brilliant conniver, trying so diligently and without success to free himself from the spell of the Kennedys.
7Implementation of the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA), A Report on the Chief Financial Officer's Role and Other Issues Critical to the Governmentwide Success of GPRA, Chief
More than that, the lesson of Dell's success has been misunderstood.
‘Many community-based ecotourism projects cited as success stories actually involve little change in existing local land- and resource-use practices, provide only modest supplement to local livelihoods, and remain dependent on external support for long periods, if not indefinitely’ (Kiss 2004).
Is a 75 percent graduation rate for blacks at top colleges proof of the success of race-sensitive admissions or of its failure?
As in all of medicine, success in a treatment at one site often does not always translate into success at other locations with different practitioners and patients.
Scientology: successes
His success in determining the sequence of visual processing using random dot stereograms led Bela to propose that the anatomical hierarchy of the visual system could be understood in part through visual psychophysics—he termed this approach “psychoanatomy.”
The NYT quotes an official saying real bargaining is taking place, while the LAT and USAT state that right now, U.S. officials are just anxious to find some sort of an agreement that all sides could declare a success.
An effective acquisition plan is critical to project success.
The New York Times , which also fronts Iowa, leads instead with a report that patients slighted by HMOs are having greater success bringing their grievances to court.
To the northwest, the Uzbeks might be ready for a cross-border sortie in six months; their chance of success was also rated at less than 10 percent.
The Times described the march as "a public relations triumph" and attributed much of its success to one of its organizers, Chicago-born Eric Bettelheim, "a wealthy barrister who works for an American law firm in London," who was credited with supplying "much of the ideological drive and marketing expertise."
“It is absolutely crucial that results like these are published, since the failures, as well as the successes, need to be documented if we are to move towards rational strategies for optimizing malaria vaccines,” says Tom Smith from the Swiss Tropical Institute, who was not involved in the study.
(The rule of thumb is that they're only worth something if the company is a success and is acquired or goes public.)
Several measures were taken to increase the probability of success.
But what makes the unhappy discovery truly appalling is the further incredible discovery that Washington's earnest and humorless Rules are considered by experts to be the key to his entire career, and therefore, in some respect, a key to America's two centuries of national success.
The success of NYPD ESU instruction is attributable to a combination of (1) the strength of the radios, (2) the relatively small numbers of individuals using them, and (3) use of the correct channel by all.
"The success of welfare reform makes that abundantly clear.
Because of the large number of genes with more than one annotated 5' end, which often lie closely together, we did not evaluate success on the level of individual TSSs, but rather on the level of genes; that is, if at least one prediction falls within the positive region of any of its annotated start sites, it is considered as positive hit.
The first year has, of course, brought both successes and disappointments.
Ovariole number is related to reproductive success in Drosophila melanogaster and positively correlated with maximum daily female fecundity [ 10 11 ] . The 98 RILs (recombinant inbred lines) for this study were scored for the trait ovariole number and genotyped as described in Wayne et al.
On the left, Alexander Cockburn declared that Menchú "survives [Stoll's] scrutiny," arguing that his revelations are trivial and that the flaws in Menchú's account of her life are transcended by her success in bringing world attention to the plight of Guatemalan Indians.
Such provisions have been critical to the success of the Acid Rain Program, encouraging individual sources to find the most cost-effective means of compliance with the collective emission reduction goal.
Advertisers predict the sponsorship agreement will be a smashing success: Brits scorn Fergie for her adultery, kinky sexual practices, contempt for authority, and general infamy, but Americans love her for precisely the same reasons.
This first critical success factor focuses on the role of the senior executive of the enterprise in developing a culture that includes the CIO in senior-level decision making and that assumes the potential of IT in creating value for the enterprise.
"[He] has helped make American government intrusive; and that intrusiveness has made Americans wary of seeing government limit the freedom of successes like Microsoft."
1 Governor Whitman's July 26, 2001, testimony before this Committee contains a detailed discussion of the success of the Acid Rain cap and trade program.
Rodriguez (like Solis and Tejeda before him) is considered a Mexican-American success story, a local who overcame cultural, class, and linguistic barriers to rise to positions of leadership in the area.
Judith Glazer-Raymo, author of the forthcoming book Professionalizing Graduate Education: The Master's Degree in the Marketplace , argues that converging market forces will lead to the success of the professional master's degree in science.
And the tale of Microsoft is certainly worth telling, if only because we can all learn from the successes of one of the world's greatest companies.
Practices such as prototyping, early manufacturing and supplier involvement, completing 90 percent of engineering drawings by critical design review, demonstrating product reliability, and achieving statistical control of critical manufacturing processes by production are adopted because they help ensure success.
His tale is said to transcend the simplistic views of the mogul as either Horatio Alger success story or venal monopolist.
As a student, Shehhi was less than a success.
Freeh's big successes: He's modernized the FBI crime lab and restored integrity to his office.
Although disruption efforts around the world had achieved some successes, the core of Bin Ladin's organization remained intact.
Your June 28 report on our success is gratefully received.
Although success rates as high as 90% have been claimed by others for placing post-pyloric feeding tubes at the bedside [ 30 31 32 ] , most studies report a success rate of 15-30% [ 33 34 35 36 ] . Success with bedside placement of small bowel feeding tubes is influenced by the technique and degree of expertise of the clinician.
CNN's Bill Schneider contrasted the success of the GOP's moderate "governors' wing" with the defeat of "the congressional wing that's been dominated by conservative ideologues."
The need to bring stakeholders together on an annual basis to continue the process of equal justice planning and to celebrate Indiana's successes.
Its success all but guarantees that other political movements will imitate Moveon's style of flash campaign, which far outstrips the sluggardly pace of direct mail.
Modern human capital strategies, including implementing a credible, effective and equitable performance management system that links institutional, unit, team and individual performance measurement and reward systems to the department's strategic plan, core values and desired outcomes will be critical to success.
Mr. Surowiecki says that the success of business-to-business (B2B) Internet sales depends on consumers ultimately buying the stuff (B2C)--certainly a valid point.
Modern human capital management principles recognize that employees are a critical asset for success, and that an organization's human capital policies and practices must be designed, implemented, and assessed by the standard of how well they support the organization's mission and goals.
Their reversal of fortune was preordained, because their doctrine could not withstand the responsibility that came with success.
Two different sources of recombinant, enzymatically active DHBV P were also employed in the RNAseH assays without success.
But over time, this aspect of his success will be forgotten because it doesn't fit the pattern.
The critical success factors and challenges described by organizations experienced in sharing sensitive and time-critical information and the lessons they have learned provide useful insights for other entities who are also trying to develop means of appropriately sharing information on computer-based vulnerabilities and the related risks.
Agency for International Development from international lending-agency data) may be misleading in evaluating economic success.
Critical Success Factor 1: Align Information Management Leadership for Value Creation
Describing Barak as a man in a hurry, under pressure from the United States to produce results, the paper pointed out that "nothing would delight Mr. Clinton more than a beautiful ending to his second term with a diplomatic success in this part of the world where he has invested so much."
Each president considered or authorized covert actions, a process that consumed considerable time-especially in the Clinton administration- and achieved little success beyond the collection of intelligence.
The students, affiliated with the United Auto Workers union, have had some success: The California Public Employment Relations Board ruled late last year in favor of their right to organize.
Notwithstanding these successes, the equal justice community in Maryland has continued to look for ways to expand and improve services to clients.
Judging from the fervent response to my piece on The Blair Witch Project , the role played by the Internet in the success of this movie is not a myth.
Critical Success Factor 3: Execute CIO Responsibilities
Commercial and critical success for the gay housecleaner-turned-humorist's collection of essays--seventh on this week's New York Times best-seller list.
Other methods have been used for biological time series with varying amounts of success.
And check out his bio : "Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story, continually setting the standards of excellence.
While the identity of the yield gene conferring the phenotype was not critical to the success of the cultivar development scheme described by Zamir and Gur (2004), there is great curiosity to understand the gene(s) or genes and genetic mechanisms that underlie traits of interest to agriculture.
Chat-show pundits gagged on the talk of bipartisan harmony and tried to egg the two sides into a fight, with little success.
Assessing the external environment is particularly important, in part because so many external forces that fall beyond an organization's influence can powerfully affect its chances for success.
But I only need to use your examples as proof that what the Internet has wrought in an unbelievably short time has been profound--the entire computer industry (as evidenced by Michael Dell's success) has been turned on its ear, the retail industry is reeling (did you see the many news stories today about Nordstrom's striking a deal with a well-known Silicon Valley venture firm to jumpstart its Web efforts?), and traditional media companies are in full-scale alert.
Case Study: Positioning the CIO for Success
His success (more or less) led to more rock 'n' roll editing assignments--a traveling sub-Woodstock "festival" called Medicine Ball Caravan ; Elvis on Tour --and then to Boxcar Bertha , which allowed him to join the Directors Guild and gave him the chance to make Mean Streets . That movie helped launch the careers of Harvey Keitel and Robert De Niro, and taught generations of would-be tough guys the meaning of the word "mook."
This program is clearly a model for success.
He's also fascinated by the infectious nature of calamity: The success with which he simultaneously analyzes and communicates its uneasy intimacy is his genius.
Their successes inspired LSC and other national organizations to a deeper involvement in state planning and higher expectations for all states.
To dramatize this point, Shlaes recounts the Beatles song "Taxman," written in 1966, just as the group was beginning to enjoy its greatest success.
Epistemologically, this argument is not sound because hypotheses (computational predictions in this case) cannot be proved by the success of the experiments they prompt.
The success of GNC and the nutritional supplement industry illustrates how eager our culture is to embrace mood-altering drugs--as long as they don't actually work.
As a frequent visitor to each site, I believe that they reflect the complexity of being a lawyer and the challenges of juggling financial success and public service.
But any New Yorker subscriber who didn't realize that Blumenthal was massively ego-invested in the Clintons' success just wasn't paying attention ...
In turn, the success of ART in prolonging healthy living helps prevention efforts by reducing the stigma associated with self-education and responsible behaviors.
Buchanan's determination to see the 19 th century as a success story (the better to underscore the failures of 20 th -century policy) also leads him to a rosy view of the Mexican-American War.
One of the hallmarks of human nature is our remarkably flexible behaviour, especially in the social domain, which is perhaps also a major reason for our relative evolutionary success.
Friends have reported similar success.
Numerous adverse clinical outcomes have been linked to nonadherence including loss of blood pressure control [ 1 2 ] , acute cardiac events [ 3 ] , renal transplant rejection [ 4 ] , seizures [ 5 ] , and elevated Human Immunodeficiency Virus RNA levels [ 6 ] . Efforts to enhance medicinal adherence have met with varying levels of success [ 7 8 9 ] .
The Wall Street Journal hailed it as proof of the success of new drugs.
This approach reduces the amount of risk in the development of each increment, facilitating greater success in meeting cost, schedule, and performance requirements.
But the Clinton administration has had the same success (or lack of it) interdicting drugs as its predecessors.
, runaway projects and crisis situations such as year 2000 management) that demand immediate attention or could pose immediate obstacles to success.
One columnist recently wrote that "America's unique strength has always been that the path to success isn't totally rigged, that it's not simply about being a member of some inner circle that cuts you in on the action for life," and that spinning threatens this strength.
However, there have been important similarities in terms of successes.
Now, as he squinted at the red lights in Kemp's fists and felt his companion's boon personality radiating in his direction, he also faced the knowledge that life was more durable than pain, more difficult than you could have imagined, and yet still you lived, as he now lived, seeing that his last campaign, the battle to the candidacy, would be his last success.
During at least one trial mission, the Taliban spotted the Predator and scrambled MiG fighters to try, without success, to intercept it.
The guild's gentler cohesion and lack of obvious international hierarchies have contributed to its marked success and curious anonymity.
Nevertheless, the observed PCR success/failure rate and percent sequence identities are consistent with the GACK predictions.
The article meanders into a debate over whether the near-universal English language helps fuel the overseas success of American pop culture (or vice versa--do people learn English from American movies?)
In addition, the success of the yeast two-hybrid technique suggests that the geometric constraints on transactivation are not severe (i.e.
Next year, the Art Institute will try for an impressionist hat trick, as they add a Renoir show to the successes of last year's Monet extravaganza and this year's subtler and more demanding Degas.
Technology as an Intelligence Asset and Liability The application of newly developed scientific technology to the mission of U.S. war fighters and national security decisionmakers is one of the great success stories of the twentieth century.
Lois Gould was writing about ready-to-wear fashion, which tends to be dealt with all the more hysterically (see Robert Altman's film Prêt-a-Porter ) for there being huge amounts of money at stake in the success or failure of its collections.
States that are on the road to success have taken a variety of different approaches, based on particular circumstances, challenges, and opportunities.
The task is easier partly because of legislative successes over the past two years.
With the increasing support for open access in general, the time is now ripe to build on the success of these two flagship journals by taking the next step and launching the PLoS community journals.
This is in contrast to, for instance, the New York Times , which focuses on the Albanian delegates' pledge to sign the agreement and concludes that the talks were a "limited success."
The CIO organization«s responsibility does not end with the establishment of measures, nor does the CIO organization have sole responsibility for technological success.
Since the Protestant majority in Northern Ireland wants to remain a part of Great Britain, and since Ireland itself has shown little interest in reunification, the IRA's prospects for success through political channels have always been limited.
That said, without a list of specific projects, project leaders, and a time frame for achieving or at least evaluating specific goals, it will be impossible to define success and failure, review progress, and assure internal and external accountability.
And the truth is that the rankings' success actually depends on confounding most people's intuition.
The "promise" has to do with the intervention's likelihood of success in the ED, not with its success in other settings.
This reliance on the success of one or two films is unique to MGM and to this year--the studio should have a full slate again in 1998--but it does epitomize the industry's new dependence on blockbusters.
Our approach enabled the discovery ab initio of RAR agonists displaying some activity at 50 nM with a 7% success rate.
For most American companies today, success depends on selling more of your product next year than you did this year.
Homeland Security: Proposal for Cabinet Agency Has Merit, But Implementation Will be Pivotal to Success ( GAO-02-886T, June 25, 2002).
And he points to the success of the new MTV and Nickelodeon book imprints and of books tied to Paramount film releases as evidence that the company's parts add up to a stronger whole.
This is also one of the greatest successes in the field of DNA self-assembly (Figure 2).
Underground describes a nation bored and isolated by its successes and its failures alike.
Commitment: Undertake a series of program evaluation performance pilot projects that are intended to provide in-depth understanding of unique issues facing each program, more relevant and accurate reporting of program activities and resource utilization, performance measures that describe and project program success, information that will lead to an improvement of the overall effectiveness and efficiency of service delivery.
The LAT cites as his principal accomplishments, a downtown building boom, the 1984 Olympics success, creating coalitions between blacks and Jews and labor and management, with an accompanying racial peace lasting most of his tenure, and establishing civilian control over the LAPD.
Although regression lines have been fitted to relationships between GC content and codon and amino-acid usage empirically, permitting qualitative inferences, quantitative theoretical predictions relating these responses to each other have thus far had limited success.
It's another out-of-print work of genius that could plausibly come back on the wind of Harry's success.
Even with these successes, state planners believe consolidation of the LSC programs will produce a more unified and stronger voice for clients and assure greater consistency and a full range of services throughout the state.
Eberstadt's sendup of the New York art world of the 1980s is pronounced a success.
To identify common critical success factors, we researched each organization, analyzed relevant documents, interviewed pertinent organization officials and knowledgeable members, observed meetings and other operations, and compared their experiences for similarities.
Profiles chalk up the brothers' success to 1) good looks and 2) on-screen intensity.
Timely Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Is Critical to Program Success
The government has undertaken a campaign for universal enrollment with some success, but no one's sure how much, because the campaign has also caused eager-to-please administrators to fudge statistics.
Recall that VaxGen's AIDS vaccine (AIDSVAX) showed great success in primate studies, but was an abject failure in two human clinical trials, including a trial of over 2,500 injection drug users in Thailand [3] and a multinational trial of over 5,000 high-risk individuals [4].
And his rap empire is a great success story of capitalism.
To simulate repeated low-dose challenges in the vaccinated group, we perform repeated Bernoulli trials with a probability of success p v . For a given vaccine efficacy VE S , p v is determined by equation 3. Analogously to the control group, the results of these repeated Bernoulli trials can be written as two vectors, 
After several years of remarkable success, insurers are having serious trouble controlling the costs generated by doctors like me, and not just for the senior population.
One indication of that success is funding.
We had a common goal--the success of the administration in economics--and felt besieged by a common enemy, the media.
Clear Mission: What will the primary missions of the new DHS be and how will it define success?
A key to their success: They're cheap.
The highlight of CASP1 was the recognition of threading as viable method for predicting folds [ 15 ] , and the success of neural-network based secondary structure prediction methods [ 16 ] .
