You see, last fall, Glassman--who has used such forums as the Wall Street Journal editorial page to propound his view that the prospect of future earnings growth justifies much higher stock prices than anything yet seen--participated in a
It is hard to see any anti-competitive danger that justifies denying people these benefits."
While they are concerned for Korea, and send money back to relatives there, Korean-Americans also feel some relief: "A poorer South Korea makes the sacrifices of immigrants in America easier to justify."
I have been struck with how political conservatives have used the issue of crime to justify autocratic, if not authoritarian, policies.
But I needed something to justify my unreasonable anger.)
This was back when you still had to justify your pop taste to your parents, before they started lighting up and handing you joints.
He would also surely be surprised that today's conservatives are using his Democracy in America to justify a depoliticized and romantic localism as an improbable remedy for the larger ills of national politics.
The stock market's instinctively positive reaction to job cuts surely makes it easier for managers to justify their decisions to themselves.
yeah i don't know how what they use to justify that uh because say i've got the same model home as some of my neighbors and they're all appraised at the same level
We introduce and justify three such concepts ("super-orthologs", "ultra-paralogs", and "subtree-neighbors"):
The thing that is most remarkable about day trading, though, is the almost complete absence of a coherent investment theory that could justify the practice.
Kissinger's history of his own time in office is a work whose breadth, clarity of vision and historical scope amply justify its size.
(I won't begin to justify all the bad reasons for Barry's popularity--race resentment, patronage, etc.--but will try to explain one good one .) Even for Washingtonians who had forgiven Barry his crimes, the prospect of another campaign appalled.
Angry critics charged that if the mind had an innate structure, different people (or classes, sexes, and races) could have different innate structures, justifying discrimination.
To justify a current policy, a well-known organization cites these conditions: "unrelenting crowding, lack of privacy, infrequent communications with family and the outside world, no ability even to go … for fresh air and a view."
`Geiger tube']), but how it can be so analyzed, when the counter sense is inherent in the function of the device, and `Geiger' can scarcely be said to be a “translation” of Geiger , is a little hard to justify.
Those options that provide consumers with sufficient value will thrive; in the long run, those that fail to justify their costs will face extinction.
I was unable to find any comment by the author justifying the use and application of the (million-word British) International Corpus of English (ICE-GB).
Thursday, in what many deemed a slap at--and arguably an oversimplification of--the theories of Balkans scholar Robert D. Kaplan and Holocaust scholar Daniel Jonah Goldhagen, Clinton repudiated those who "justify looking away from this kind of slaughter ...
Note 9: "Thus interpreted, the Nazi extermination both justifies the necessity of Israel and accounts for all hostility directed at it: The Jewish state is the only safeguard against the next outbreak of homicidal anti-Semitism and, conversely, homicidal anti-Semitism is behind every attack on, or even defensive maneuver against, the Jewish state.
That's largely because, in contrast to the overhyped December bombardment, U.S. officials are playing down the recent assaults, justifying them in terms of self-defense and providing scant information on the damage.
But proponents are wrongly using the data to justify mandatory application across the board.
Further, by requiring the Service to justify rate and service changes, Congress hoped to provide a check on inefficiency.
The program's supporters--who compared the project to trying to "hit a bullet with a bullet "--said that 1) success in the next test will justify a go-ahead; and 2) the setbacks result from Clinton's unrealistic timetable.
To even for an instant try to intellectually justify killing members of one group simply because other members of that group did unspeakable things--whether that group consists of Serbian civilians or imprisoned SS guards--is lazy thinking.
Does this extra protection justify the considerable spillover?
To be sure, there is nothing to justify the assumption that the names of the numbers emerged in numerical order from the primeval ooze of language; but one might mistakenly conclude that the very first ordinal to be talked about in English was eightieth , and this at a time when only a small percentage of the population had a life expectancy of half that.
Powell said that Wolfowitz was not able to justify his belief that Iraq was behind 9/11.
"As a clever xenophobe, Haider has taken care to make just enough extreme statements to justify his 'credentials' with outright racists and neo-Nazis, while mainly sticking to more acceptable forms of extremism," the paper said.
Mostly, it is tasteless, since the racial stereotypes at issue have been used to justify all sorts of historical barbarities.
It's just not enough money to justify future investment.
We suggest that the concept of biological markets provides a good alternative framework for modelling variable games [ 1 17 28 38 ] . At the least, future studies should justify the assumption of zero payoff variation, given the importance of its implications.
The cities "lived in the shadow of the riot ideology," he writes, and it is in the name of "the riot ideology" and of righting the wrongs of racism that liberals went on to justify the violence of the 1960s and its criminal aftermath.
What purpose or higher reasoning can Microsoft use to justify such writing?
They have to justify their own budget by amplifying the threat factor."
Under these conditions, a marker will not be as efficient as the standard production markers shown in Figures 8.1 and 8.2 (page 137) because the amount of cloth that can be saved for a single ply does not justify the time required to reach high levels of cloth utilization.
4 The message this sends may be interpreted in several ways: a) there is not a sufficient relationship between alcohol and injury to justify testing for alcohol use in injured patients;
Lincoln argues, in effect, that he can justify violating a constitutional prescription by appealing to the necessity of the moment.
uh in order to justify taking his life
If your reserves are finite, after all, you need steady price increases over time to justify leaving any oil at all in the ground.
The amazing feature of the Court’s decision in this case is that it did not even occur to the judges to justify the discrimination against women as compatible with “equal protection of the laws.”
The ends for all these organizations always justify the means.
How else to explain Lott's weak push of the Gorton-Lieberman plan to cut short the trial by holding an early test vote on whether the charges justify removing Clinton from office, and his concessions to right-wingers who wanted an expansive trial?
To justify the claim that savings are actually bad for growth (as opposed to the quite different, more reasonable position that they are not as crucial as some would claim), you must convincingly argue that the Fed is impotent--that it cannot, by lowering interest rates, ensure that an increase in desired savings gets translated into higher investment.
Vance has achieved something extraordinary: the invention of nearly 1700 interesting new words, a number sufficient to justify his own dictionary.
The FBI would likely find it difficult to justify a different standard being applied to Lee.
In Madrid, an editorial in El Mundo Wednesday took Primakov to task for justifying Russia's opposition to the bombing of Serbia by citing the example of Basque separatism in Spain.
How to justify, then, the fact that a white person who has never practiced discrimination, and who never had anything to do with the subjugation of blacks, should be placed at a disadvantage in relation to less-qualified blacks?
Tim Johnson of South Dakota used the possibility of Social Security cuts to justify his flip-flop several days earlier, but that was just to bear the weight of another senator, even a light one.
"But this news," Krugman says, "makes us 2 or 3 percent richer at most--nowhere near enough to justify the rise in the Dow."
Meanwhile, someone who did understand Crook's logic, and who therefore understood why even the most optimistic economists have been finding it increasingly hard to justify current stock valuations, might well have shifted heavily into cash, perhaps even shorted the market, and would soon have been gnashing his teeth.
Yet despite the hearer's conventional groan and the perpetrator's equally conventional apology, everyone knows that verbal play gives a great deal of pleasure, justifying the great deal of ingenuity that goes into producing it.
In Pakistan, a military regime sought to justify its seizure of power by a pious public stance and an embrace of unprecedented Islamist influence on education and society.
(One wonders how a rabid anti-Semite justifies or trusts using an Uzi, an Israeli weapon.)
Even under prospective or capitated reimbursement, justifying investment in technology that will result in longer-term benefit may be hard for capital-strapped organizations.
The end does not justify the means, says the spot, cutting first to a Toronto Globe and Mail headline--"Sealers convicted for cruel slaughter"--and then to a shot of an abandoned carcass.
Increasingly, it seems, this is the view being adopted by policy makers—that it is the status quo, rather than prospective policy revision, that is anomalous or hard to justify.
This raises the questions, What does justified mean and How does one justify judgments about it?
In addition, the federal government should require each state receiving federal emergency preparedness funds to provide an analysis based on the same criteria to justify the distribution of funds in that state.
Others find the humor too vicious to be funny and accuse Allen of justifying his own misdeeds.
If outcome data are not available (for example, the agency has not agreed on outcome measures for the program, the agency is unable to collect reliable outcome data or the outcomes will not occur for several years), output data that best provide indications of the intended program outcomes shall be used to justify continued treatment of expenses as investments until outcome data are available.
This information was then used to justify annual budget requests when additional virus detection software was needed.
If auditors hold themselves out as following GAGAS, regardless of whether they are required to follow such standards, they need to justify any departures from them.
No doubt Russell would justify the starkness of the mother's killing by saying you can't make a movie about the obscenity of violence without showing something so obscene that it scalds us.
38 If outcome data are not available (for example, the agency has not agreed on outcome measures for the program, the agency is unable to collect reliable outcome data, or the outcomes will not occur for several years), the outputs that best provide indications of the intended program outcomes shall be used to justify continued treatment of expenses as investments until outcome data are available.
The case against the president should be strong enough to justify some members of his own party voting against him.
"If he were to do so, and communicate this message to the Israeli public, he would justify his newly-acquired prominence in world politics and facilitate a useful European participation in the peace process."
4) The superstar expects the industry to justify his compensation by finding new revenue streams.
About the Aug. 8 "Readme": You can justify withholding the British intelligence officer's article in a dozen different ways, but the fact remains that because of the financial liability to your parent company you decided not to publish a story that your training and experience as journalists indicated was important and ought to be told.
In the days of the Aquino administration, there was one official in fact who--to justify his purchase of electric massage pillows--had the temerity to say 'we are a rich country pretending to be poor.
How could the WP possibly justify running one of Ken Starr's reports on page 17?
The official China Daily invoked "legal experts" to justify the government's ban last week on the Falun Gong religious sect, which favors deep-breathing exercises.
Christie "renders such a captivating performance that she alone justifies the price of admission," says Variety 's Leonard Klady.
Her Senate candidacy is a direct reward for the crosses she's had to bear; before Monica, her approval rating was too low to justify a run.
The Egyptian Foreign Minister, Amr Moussa, told Le Monde in an interview that "nothing can justify the military option."
It can be, alas, a business of an entirely good sort or needful sort, justifying itself in the marketplace.
The posturing of hostile neighbors justifies India's own show of force.
The three Middle East leads all quote a State Department spokesman's information-free comment that the Queenstown atmosphere "justifies continuing these discussions."
And if it's their question, they ought to justify it.
And the explanations the lexicographers proceed to provide for the names are explicit attempts to justify their inclusion.
The West can't justify giving the country any more funds, it said, because such money "would undoubtedly be wasted."
In Sunday's column, Maureen Dowd pointed out that when Ken Starr was pressed recently to justify the $30 million he's spent so far javerting Bill Clinton, Starr replied that hey, he always flies coach on his investigatory jaunts to Little Rock.
Maureen Dowd's column in the Times reports that the good liberal Democrats at Universal have come up with a way to justify trying to make a killing with the upcoming movie "Primary Colors" while still staying Lincoln-Bedroom-close to the First Couple.
To justify a new increase in military pay, the Pentagon and legislators are citing a 13 percent "pay gap" between the salaries of servicemen and their civilian counterparts.
As one analyst put it, "Any time you have an organization that pays close to $9 billion for a company that others wouldn't have paid nearly as much for, it's natural that they're going to look for substantial cost reductions to justify the transaction."
The Japanese government claims that the pill is unsafe (it isn't), that it would quicken the spread of AIDS (it hasn't in other countries), and that Japan's falling birthrate must be reversed (this doesn't justify an infringement on rights).
Were he to announce that his scandal didn't justify criminal proceedings after all, he would be declaring himself a failure who had wasted the public's time and money.
The far left likes to substitute it for broken windows because it proves that I am a fascist conducting a war on "homeless" and the poor; the far right loves the term "zero tolerance" as a replacement for broken windows because it justifies police "ass kicking."
There are, as usual, a host of studies by various research groups to justify the swing in sentiment toward B2B stocks.
In a "," he asks: "How can we justify invading Kosovo after promising not to?"
There is much to be said about the proper reading of this passage, particularly in relation to the contrary story of creation in Genesis 2, a story that supposedly justifies the subordination of women.
// Well it's starting to get cool now that's how you justify it.
If auditors hold themselves out as following GAGAS, regardless of whether they are required to follow such standards, they need to justify any departures from them.
oh i mean i don't i i agree that the lie detectors are inappropriate but i think you know that it's hard to justify being i don't understand how our government can can encourage drug testing and discourage lie detector tests because they seem like they're testing the same sort of nebulous
Moreover, Gorney ends her book in 1989, with the Supreme Court ruling in Webster . This is hard to justify since the decision marked neither the culmination of the court's thinking on abortion (the Casey ruling in 1992 was at least as influential) nor an obvious turning point in the abortion wars.
However, persistent positive reactions upto 2 weeks following treatment [ 21 ] would not justify the introduction of rapid test as a screening test by village health workers in the region.
“The result of such efforts to discredit Mexico and justify war was a widespread belief that the God--forsaken Mexicans were unworthy to keep the valuable resources and land they had inherited from Spain” (Sanchez 1990, 9).
able to justify it or something i have real mixed feelings about it i don't know
There is far too much Gates and West and there is far too little in what they are saying to justify their demand for your attention or for the culture's attention.
The combination of increasing incidence of disease, a growing population in the endemic area, and the lack of a highly effective drug treatment justifies efforts to prevent (rather than treat) this disease.
In a competitive market that placed a premium on price/cost competition and little value on time to market, the small reduction in direct labor cost did not justify the high potential costs and risks that arose from SLS downtime.
um so i you know it's it's hard to i guess for me to justify what seems seems like you know basically a breach of the First Amendment you know
but at least because i back up to um a hillside where the uh wild animals are i think i can probably justify it
uh you know it's like i said i i mean i've even had people at the office ask me they say how do you justify paying the kind of money you pay for rent because i do pay a lot of money every month for rent i don't deny it
but uh then again uh it's the hard to justify with all the wastefulness of money that
to um what's word i'm looking for uh to justify
how can you how can you justify raising anybody's salary if you you know if you have to lay people off
so in in a case like that uh given what crime they're guilty of uh yeah i could i could justify a death penalty for somebody who just has no chance of ever reforming or coming to grips with uh living in normal society
well you know how do you get rid of an institution like that and and and and justify it i mean
then you know then we thought well we can use it for you know some personal things but it for us it really took you know a business application to justify the expense of it
and uh there's just no reason to justify killing a person and you know there may be an economic reason but i don't think that's sufficient to justify uh killing someone
and i've known people that have used a package for for five years you know and i would say well have you you know you know more about this package than i do how do you left justify and they would say i don't know
costs and other factors justify uh um executing people maybe it's more a symbolic gesture that um um than anything else and uh
i have no idea i know they're they're engineered very well but i would have a hard time justifying spending that kind of money on any car
and uh there's just no reason to justify killing a person and you know there may be an economic reason but i don't think that's sufficient to justify uh killing someone
increase in physical fitness by the people who attend these centers regularly you have uh fewer absentees and things like that so the corporation can justify it pretty well
no i don't i i kept wanting i kept thinking about getting it but i just don't use the things enough to justify getting it
um children who will lie and cheat and you approach their parents and their parents are constantly justify them rather than to
but there's always a chance that you forget and have to justify it later
this you know there are some definitely some some advantages to it it's just a matter of like you say are the advantages does it justify the cost if you're using it strictly for personal business so
feel like i can justify use the use of butter during that time uh not only just you know to put into the recipes but to serve on the table too
The amount involved, however, was not enough to justify bringing in a lawyer and Massello didn't know how to begin a case in small claims court.
People who did move to the suburbs had to obey an unwritten conversational rule that you had to justify it in stagy and fake terms, either by exaggerating the hellishness of the city for children or by pretending that the suburbs were really not that far away and had lots of great Korean groceries.
Invoking the second law of thermodynamics and Maxwell's Demon, the authors lead us through a challenging thesis that concludes that the persistence of life on earth requires both natural selection and niche construction, thereby justifying some of the bold claims for their new theory.
The one for this warning of possible discipline is a Form No. 163, so the PC can now say of himself, I've been one-six-three'd; and a bit later, when the senior officer assigned to investigate the complaint decides that there is enough evidence to justify a hearing (which he always does), comes the even more dreaded next stage, I've been one-six-foured --i.e., given notice of the date of the disciplinary hearing.
Moreover, Coyne and Orr note weaknesses in all three cases, as well as in examples of “host races” that have been advanced as species in statu nascendi . Coyne and Orr's conclusion echoes Gavrilets's: “It is hard to see how the data at hand can justify the current wave of enthusiasm for sympatric speciation” (p.
But the TV-Internet disclosure disparity is hard to justify in principle and points to potential abuses down the road.
The patterns of divergence in both coding and cis -regulatory sequences described here indicate that D. pseudoobscura will greatly aid efforts to functionally annotate the D. melanogaster genome, and justify the choice of D. pseudoobscura as the second Drosophila species for complete genome sequencing.
The government hopes to construct the database in a way that will satisfy privacy advocates, but this seems impossible, since they 1) oppose precisely the easy access meant to justify the database and 2) think insurers will use the information to discriminate against costly patients.
Of the 48,039 total splice junctions, 0.5% are annotated with GC/AG splice junctions, a frequency that might justify describing GC as an alternative splice donor.
Does such an occurrence justify paranoid speculation about corrupt motives and conflicts of interest?
He dismissed Western achievements as entirely material, arguing that Western society possesses "nothing that will satisfy its own conscience and justify its existence."
No matter what these scandals involved, they served primarily to justify Flytrap, a way to sanitize the sex scandal.
Identify the net benefits or cost savings projectedby the cost/benefit analysis used to justify a chosen alternative, if the acquisition has progressed to this point.
The problem—and it is a serious one— is that there are, indeed, many words and phrases that originated at sea and were brought ashore for ready embodiment in everyday speech, but to find the same terms in both does not justify the assertion that the sea term came first.
Indeed, CTAG and/or CTCG motifs were found upstream of all these genes in C. psittaci, but the presence of these regions did not exceed random probability sufficiently to justify any concrete assertions.
So, sooner or later, politicians reach a point where one more commercial just can't justify its cost.
Additional circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the exclusion of certain information in the report.
The history of the 20 th century certainly justifies this fear, but the fact that even Liu accepts Abrams' false premise shows how confused many are on this subject.
In a document released yesterday to justify its reordered priorities, the Council contended that Legal Aid can achieve greater economies of scale than lawyers appointed pursuant to Article 18-B of the County Law.
Asking how Murdoch would justify the News of the World 's outing of Brown, the Guardian said in an editorial Monday: "It is, of course, a futile question.
Reforms focused partly on immigrants, following testimony from the General Accounting Office estimating that slightly more than half of the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefits provided to elderly persons were collected by noncitizens in 1995 [ 13 14 ] . In justifying PRWORA [ 15 ] , the House Ways and Means Committee stated that it had been a basic tenet of US immigration policy since 1882 that legal immigrants should not be eligible for public benefits.
I doubt that it is accurate to define gunsel as a `callow youth,' a sense that probably rubbed off from the character played by Elisha Cook, Jr. in The Maltese Falcon: though he was referred to (by Bogart, as I recall) as a `punk' and `gunsel' and was portrayed as ineffectual, that does not justify a transferred definition: gunsel , probably from Yiddish, is a less common, old-fashioned term for `gunman, body guard, torpedo, hit man,' and the like, simply a `criminal who carries a gun,' and needs no (additional) pejorative treatment.
In the Republic of Ireland, the Irish Independent called Clinton "an invaluable friend of Ireland" and said that foolishness in his personal life "does not justify the persecution to which he has been subjected," nor take away from his achievements as president.
Noting that Communist Party leader Armando Cossutta was seeking a meeting with Milosevic and that another coalition party was calling on the government to distance itself from NATO "while Italy is at war and its airmen running the risk of being shot down," Sergio Romano wrote in a front-page comment, "I have tried to find a precedent that would allow me to justify these initiatives and the prime minister's silence, but I cannot find one."
, the range within which two-thirds of all returns fall, used as a rough measure of volatility--is far smaller than would justify the immense premium investors give up to own bonds or bills with definite coupons and payment on maturity.
That doesn't justify the ongoing disparity between criminal sentences for possession of powder cocaine and possession of crack--crack is much more likely to be used by blacks, and is punished much more harshly--but it does justify the tougher approach law enforcement agencies take in general today, as compared to two decades ago.
The argument is that even if all the facts are granted, they don't "rise to the level" that would justify his removal.
The district attorney wants to justify the death penalty by adding an additional felony charge, such as kidnapping.
Since then, 14 media organizations in Portugal--three TV companies, four radio stations, six daily newspapers, and one newsmagazine--have signed a statement saying, "It is our profound conviction that the intimate life of a human being, even if he is the president of the United States, does not justify this obscene official inquiry.
There is a tradition of anti-Semitic caricature featuring Jews with hideous noses, some of which has been used to justify persecution.
The Russian ambassador to the United Nations Sergei Lavrov had described Butler's report to the Security Council, used by the U.S. and British governments to justify the bombing of Iraq last month, as "not professional," "biased," and "provocative," the paper said.
Most investors are skeptical, correctly divining that future earnings justify a price of only $50.
Springer makes several tepid attempts to justify Springer :
The climax justifies the technique.
The Swiss law was used by Hitler to justify Nazi policies.
In fact, many of the accusations--for example, that he was really trying to justify male philandering--were simply preposterous, and others could be countered easily.
They justify their actions with the fact that the men and women whose civil rights they routinely violate are involved in criminal activity, and therefore have no rights.
The speaker probably thinks “taking it for granite” is correct, justifying it as meaning “as solid and stable as a slab of granite.”
No, what was surprising was that in the course of justifying this bit of interest-group entrepreneurship, the Friends of the Earth PAC was able to state that, looking at both candidates' years in Congress, Bradley had a significantly more pro-green voting record than Gore.
This is what's really wrong with his character--the manipulator who thinks that his personal ends justify just about any means, no matter how unprincipled.
Since the press itself largely creates the perception with its coverage, justifying the coverage on the basis of the perception is a convenient form of circular reasoning.
However, this one was seen by perhaps half the people on the planet, so it's hard to justify the lengthy descriptive articles that are so prominent today.
Value-added may also have a future as a concept invoked to justify what might otherwise seem like casual appropriation.
I don't know if Amazon can ever make the kind of money that will justify its lofty stock price, although it certainly seems adept at spending cash.
The Washington Post once got widely mocked for an editorial justifying the publication of a damaging rumor about a public official with the argument that while the rumor may not be true, it is true there is a rumor.
It forces us to justify doing otherwise.
In the second place, and perhaps more importantly, Asia isn't important enough to the American economy to justify a sell-off like we saw Monday.
Penal laws regulating the possession and distribution of marijuana are as difficult to justify as school policies expelling eighth graders for distributing Midol.
But nothing they did before the West intervened justifies the 2,000 civilians killed by NATO's bombs.
The painful truth is that the studio is probably right about the impact of the Bond film on the IPO, because the residual glamour of the movies is the only reason one could justify investing in MGM.
And more convenient, seamless access to the Internet from the desktop will . It is hard to see any anti-competitive danger that justifies denying people these benefits.
A self-identified member of the "black elite" justifies the group's snobbery and separatism.
2 billion to the NFL for the exclusive rights to Monday and Sunday Night Football, and they may not have the ratings to justify that.
Under-researched and perfunctory (no editor or reporter wants this unrewarding, time-consuming assignment), tending toward hyperbole (once a writer has picked things to preview, he has to justify his choices), previews nonetheless provide a valuable service.
The First Amendment, in Tannen's view, has often become "a pretext to justify the airing of just those views that make for the most entertaining fights."
The saleswoman didn't have to drop names (the pope and Stevie Wonder) to justify the price of 75 note-sized sheets and envelopes.
The fact that I can't resist including Somalia shows the difficulty of maintaining any clear line between situations that justify intervention and those that don't.
Remember, too, that Cat management also believes those 50 workers important enough to justify tearing up a perfectly good contract.
On the other hand, race is not just any proxy, and probably should be used more sparingly--especially by the government--than the narrow logic of probabilities would justify.
Since the Soviet Union fell apart, the agency has been increasingly desperate to justify its continued existence.
Since each of these approaches has been extensively described and compared previously, what justifies the new treatment in this paper?
This lack of data is of particular interest when committees have tried to rationalize and justify regionalization of critical care in rural areas [ 2, 3].
Accordingly, the preparer shall justify any changes in the use of a valuation method.
With Russia in shambles and communism no longer a threat, what threat to U.S. interests justifies such a commitment?
whether the benefits of the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowancesavailable starting in 2018 justify the costs and whether adjusting any of the limitations would provide additional benefits which justify the costs of such adjustment, taking into account both quantifiable and non-quantifiable factors;
That doesn't justify the ongoing disparity between criminal sentences for possession of powder cocaine and possession of crack--crack is much more likely to be used by blacks, and is punished much more harshly--but it does justify the tougher approach law enforcement agencies take in general today, as compared to two decades ago.
To justify a current policy, a well-known organization cites these conditions: "unrelenting crowding, lack of privacy, infrequent communications with family and the outside world, no ability even to go … for fresh air and a view."
that there are some searches the war on drugs cannot justify."
How to justify the eradication of a weak and numerically insignificant group?
This information was then used to justify annual budget requests when additional virus detection software was needed.
The conservative spins: 1) New threats from North Korea and Iran justify building the system.
This statement harks back to a famous 1958 essay by the literary critic George Steiner, who asked "whether the German language had survived the Hitler era, whether words poisoned by Goebbels and used to regulate and justify Belsen could ever again serve the needs of moral truth and poetic perception."
Cost/benefit analysis to justify the selection of the alternative selected over other alternatives, in dollar terms or in terms of some other criteria, such as effectiveness.
Many of these players tend to be arrogant and believe that the end justifies the means.
Parvez's wife remains a remote and unsympathetic figure, a woman whose lack of appreciation fully justifies his drift into the arms of another lover.
The results of this study justify prospective investigation on a larger scale, and the clinical significance of Met positivity in the axillary drainage fluid in breast cancer patients should be defined by an extended follow-up study.
If the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with existing equipment, verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions.
In effect, the tale merely serves as a device for taking a swipe at Starr, which may be justifiable, but this piece doesn't bother to justify it.
Small factory operations, without sufficient volume to support two shifts of cutting, claim that they cannot justify the capital cost of computer systems.
The FT said this was the right decision, not because Muammar Qaddafi was now "a Jeffersonian democrat" but because "he has started to come into line with international law enough to justify a policy of engagement rather than isolation."
We were later able to readily distinguish between the correct and incorrect alignments when an all-atom scoring function was applied to the models constructed using both alignments, and justify the changes by detailed environment analysis.
Or is it more likely that having landed his subject, Lewis created a thesis to justify his choice?
First, by assuming that the high success rate of zinc phosphate cemented Procera crowns is likely to be equally high with Denzir copings, justifies such a study ethically.
These evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written English once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place.
Finally, a requirement to include package inserts containing educational information in cigarette and smokeless tobacco was not chosen because the FDA was not certain the benefits would justify the compliance costs.
The critical nature of the information derived from the output of the assay justifies the extra optimization effort.
, but here we give examples of his third case only, where “there should not be two parties justifying even a momentary doubt about which the pronoun represents.”
The Christian Church, nevertheless, chose to latch on to the concept of the Virgin Birth long before the sixteenth century ( cf . Tertullian, who lived c. 160-240 A.D.) in any case, and we do not know whether the use of Isaiah 7:14 was to justify an already extant belief with a text, or whether it was to take an already accepted text and graft its meaning, as was then understood, upon the events of the Annunciation to Mary.
uh-huh i could never justify owning a personal computer at at home
Fisher's exact test will be used instead of chi-square tests if the frequency of a given allele is too low to justify the assumptions of the chi-square test.
As previously noted, the fact that materials may be exempt from public disclosure does not justify withholding them from GAO.
It's conceivable we could justify continuing to cause pain and death if the embargo fueled enough discontent to cause Castro's overthrow.
Then it was up to the principals to decide if the case was good enough to justify using force.
oh no no you can left and right justify the whole thing it comes out just perfectly spaced like a block
They generally see the incident (see pages 43–44) as having been a piece of elaborate British propaganda thought up to justify Clive’s retaliation.
well oh i would love to have it but you know it's kind of hard to justify when you don't have children
This there-but-for-the-grace-of-God sequence almost justifies the movie's absurd premise.
Pinochet's speech "tried to justify his decision to seize control of Chile."
While the Freedom of Information Act, the Trade Secrets Act, and other statutes may generally protect certain categories of information from disclosure by an agency to the public, this protection does not justify withholding the information from GAO.
Now, it is difficult to justify many of those changes.
5.34 Additional circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the exclusion of certain information in the report.
whether the benefits of the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowancesavailable starting in 2018 justify the costs and whether adjusting any of the limitations would provide additional benefits which justify the costs of such adjustment, taking into account both quantifiable and non-quantifiable factors;
Additional circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the exclusion of certain information in the report.
We assume that this finding is related to the ablation profile of our treatments (a rather deep keratectomy with sharp edges), which would justify an intense epithelial healing response [ 26 ] .
It discusses why the Government's asserted interest in "preventing [public radio] stations from becoming a privileged outlet for the political and ideological opinions of station owners and managers," 468 U. S., at 396 (internal quotation marks omitted), was insubstantial and thus could not justify the statute's restriction on editorializing.
Such considerations must be clearly and adequately documented to justify such admissions.
These are interesting sorts of stories, but one has to wonder if there isn't another reason why they are staples of the big dailies: to help justify having reporters stationed in France, which although a great place to live, produces virtually no real news.
This genomic sequence was 'frozen' when, during sequence finishing, there was sufficient improvement in the quality to justify a new 'release'.
Belief comes first; then they look for arguments to justify that belief.
But none of the officials we have interviewed recalled that an opportunity arose at that time justifying the consideration of a strike.
Sex differences, she points out, offer no support to invidious stereotypes, are not a guideline for what is right, do not apply to every individual, and never justify the restriction of opportunity.
There are at least two reasons justifying such a clinical study.
"Inconsistencies and ambiguities, real or imagined, are to journalists as catnip to the cat," shrugged the New York Daily News , justifying the drug story's persistence.
The Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, must conduct a study that addresses a number of specific factors regarding, among other things: the need for further reductions of these pollutants from affected EGUs and other sources to attain or maintain the national ambient air quality standards; whether adjusting any of the limitations would have benefits that would justify the costs of such adjustment; the relative marginal cost effectiveness of the reductions from affected EGUs; and the feasibility of attaining the limitations and any alternative limitations.
This bit of logical high jinks can justify anything from racism to the flat tax.
The New York Times goes with another court ruling, a 5-4 decision that fleeing from the police in a high crime area provides the reasonable suspicion that justifies a stop-and-frisk search.
In these countries, it appears that it would be difficult to justify a postal delivery monopoly based on economic grounds.
would be used to justify punitive actions, rather than to increase employees' understanding about the direction of the agency's performance.
To justify applying the Yoneda and Dan equation (equation 1; Materials and Methods), certain assumptions must be met.
He told us that he understood the Special Operations Command had never thought the intelligence good enough to justify actually moving AC-130s into position.
If he raises taxes to support "defense" programs that fail to justify their costs, once again the price of land will fall.
It is very important in our imperfect justice system that the police and prosecutors do not get the idea that the ends justify the means.
This massive intrusion in the real-estate market, which might be hard to justify even if it had purely beneficial consequences, has a number of obviously disastrous ones.
Why the hell do I have to justify Leif Ericson?
And they used the silence of the outside world--especially France, Belgium, the United States, and the United Nations--to justify their actions.
The Paleos believe almost nothing justifies intervention these days.
After all, even dictators have to worry about justifying their policies, hence the centrality of propaganda to fascist and Communist regimes, and can't do everything they want; there is always the danger of provoking a rebellion.
And it's definitely hard for a paper to justify two of these wordfests.
This is how George Will justifies his selection of William Shakespeare as man of the millennium, while dismissing scientists on the grounds that "science has its own logic and is going to get where it's going," regardless of which scientist gets there first.
The most damaging claim: HMOs hire ethicists who then justify the HMOs' decisions to deny expensive treatment.
Also, the stories fail to establish any sense of context that would justify concerns over the differences in scores they report.
The Process Camp, led by House Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde, R-Ill., is using the Watergate analogy to justify procedural rules for the Clinton impeachment inquiry.
At the same time, Brock undermines his fainthearted defense by arguing that Hillary is a closet revolutionary cadre, a committed radical who takes as her creed Saul Alinsky's admonition that the struggle to help the poor is a struggle for power in which the ends always justify the means.
This contradicts the National Cancer Institute advisory board's recent recommendation that the benefits to women in their 40s didn't necessarily justify the cost, and that these women should decide for themselves whether to undergo the test.
I could try to justify my tournament obsession as the natural extension of my romance with college basketball.
At least irony is unlikely to be used to justify programmes of conquest or extermination."
Lala Bonilla (Rosario Dawson), the amusingly named Delilah dispatched to seduce the young star, gets a monologue near the end in which she justifies her actions on socioeconomic grounds.
The top-non-local story at the Washington Post is France's triumph at the French-hosted World Cup, a story that gets top-of-the-page-with-pictures coverage at not only the Post , but also at the Times and USAT . (And a reefer-with-picture at the LAT .) This no doubt reflects the papers': a) perception that they have more immigrant readers these days and b) chance to justify all those upcoming French expense account items.
But do you know of any dazzling new insight about the past, or revelation about the future, during the past year that would justify a 40 percent upward valuation of all of corporate America?
The contrast also justifies the neat allusion to London whose Cockney vowels responsibly transmute the grapes of wrath and enrich our reflections.
The Jewish debt to the Serbs from the time of the Holocaust does not justify Jewish apathy to the horrors the Serbs are perpetrating on the Albanians."
These evidently possessed whatever qualities of viability are required for an item to survive in at least written English once it has experienced adequate quantity and variety of printed occurrence to justify initial listing in the first place.
In order to justify today's stratospheric share prices, profits and productivity must grow at improbably high rates for an impossibly long time.
In international trade, people started to joke that a smart graduate student could come up with a model to justify any policy; similar sentiments were felt in many fields.
And as it's become clearer and clearer that mutual-fund managers and stockbrokers are no more likely to have market-beating knowledge than the average investor is, it's also become harder to justify giving your money to either, especially with the fees they charge.
The only difference that could justify approval of U.S. dual use and condemnation of Iraqi dual use is that Saddam is evil and the U.S. is not.
Not that any of this justifies the truly rotten choices both Bloom and Farrow have made.
