The concept of lung fibroblasts as effector cells in the pathogenesis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) has recently evolved [ 1 2 ] . Lung fibroblasts respond, in vitro , to inflammatory cytokines by producing growth factors and collagen, resulting in fibroblast proliferation and extracellular matrix deposition [ 2 3 4 ] . In addition, activated lung fibroblasts have been shown to produce large amounts of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines, in vitro , and hence, these cells may also have a role as effector-inflammatory cells [ 1 2 ] . This capacity to produce both inflammatory and fibrotic factors could mean that phenotypically altered lung fibroblasts act simultaneously as effector and target cells, via paracrine and autocrine mechanisms, perpetuating the fibrotic process [ 2 ] .
But it is known that it was used as an initiation ritual among friends and peers, to show solidarity and allegiance to a particular barrio.
The emperor flatly turned him down but thanked him for showing such “submissive loyalty in sending this tribute mission.”
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
Of course, the paper should have mentioned that this hardly counts against the idea of streamlining bureaucracy--it only shows that not all reinventions are equally good ones.
Two examples of strain-specific genes not identified in the previous work are shown in more detail Figure 4a.
Today, besides some (real) Huron Indians, costumed students show you how the community functioned with priests, carpenters, gardeners, and blacksmiths.
The second scene shows Dad holding the ball for a place kick.
2 This variety is portrayed in Table 3.1, which shows the number of SKUs provided annually by different types of retailers over the course of a year.
BBC 1 and ITV will generally show films uncut after 10 pm; BBC 2 and Channel 4 after 9. When films are shown before those hours there is a danger that the viewer might be confused by abrupt cuts and bleeps.
A visit begins with a tour of the Cuarto del Almirante (the Admiral’s Apartments), where a painting of the Virgen de los Mareantes (Virgin of the Mariners) in the chapel shows Columbus sheltered beneath the Virgin’s cloak.
The figure shows a typical bilipid membrane, small organic molecules of dierent species, A, B, C, D, E, F, G, a transmembrane channel, and so forth.
It now shows more than 1000 films each year including many outdoor screenings and other artistic performances in the summer.
In so doing, he shows us that a great deal of sadism, animality, and outright lust can lurk behind people's anodyne professions that they just want to "uphold the law" or "maintain a level of decency."
We show here that mice deficient in IL-4 develop arthritis that is significantly more severe than in wild-type animals.
We extend these findings by showing CXCR3 expression on lung macrophages and CD4 + T cells in emphysema patients and the functional interplay between Th1-related chemokines and elastolytic MMPs.
We found that the labeling patterns for these two antibodies in muscle tissue counterstained with bungarotoxin and anti-D-AKAP1 (data not shown) was not modified from that found when counterstained with bungarotoxin and a mitochondrial marker (see below), indicating partial colocalization of D-AKAP1 with RIIα but, little if any overlap with RIIβ.
A real gentleman, meanwhile, might have protected Stone from showing so much flesh to so little effect.
The Laemmle Theater chain shows top foreign releases, while the Wells Fargo Theater at the Autry Museum of Western Heritage features matinée heroes such as Hopalong Cassidy and the Lone Ranger.
Dark-haired girls could dye their hair blond, but no trace of the original color was permitted to show.
In an economy where many products are hand-made, each item has a different value depending on the quality of workmanship it shows.
This Trog, character should be shown worshiping Joan Crawford."
Furthermore, in sections where one of the antisera (either MIF or TH/SP) had been omitted, but still processed for double immunofluorescence, only the appropriate immunoreactivity was observed, indicating that the secondary antibodies were not cross reacting to produce spurious labeling (data not shown).
Floor Shows
Recent Wyncom flops: Spending weeks and losing half a million dollars getting just 5,250 people into Denver's big basketball arena to hear Tom Peters, and losing $700,000 when only 2,700 folks showed up at the Georgia Dome to hear Covey and Colin Powell.
Map 33 shows the distribution of child (most of southern England) and of bairn (north of a slightly wavy line between Boston, on the Wash to the east, and Lancaster, on the west coast).
On Lakeview Drive is the Diefenbaker Homestead, brought here from near Saskatoon to give a vivid insight into the simple country life led by Saskatchewan’s most famous son before he went off to Ottawa “to show them Yanks and Ruskies a thing or two.”
Not so its cousin, time warp (fathered by Walter M. Miller in 1954: “They showed me a dozen pictures of moppets with LTR-guns, moppets in time-warp suits, moppets wearing Captain Chronos costumes.
Our calculation shows the normal distribution assumption is not an appropriate one.
Newsweek shows them "the secret life of teens," while Time tells them how to protect Web-surfing kids from online perils.
Aside from the stunning views, Santorini has many more delights to show its visitors, with 12 villages to visit set among agricultural land.
These results show the critical dependence of this method on the choice of time points used for the breakpoints.
He's not confident that his argument addresses what he feels is an underlying problem; he wants to show that it's ok to love this place while fighting for a new global order that does away with American superpower.
Many of the famous vineyards are open to visitors, but tasting is strictly for serious customers who show a clear intention to buy.
In the second room, sacrificial objects unearthed in ancient tombs are shown alongside pots, a plow, and armor.
As coiled-coil motifs show a characteristic seven amino acid repeat pattern, with each repeat representing two turns of the α-helix, it is interesting that three positions identified as important to the LcrG-LcrV interaction (16, 23, and 30) are each separated by seven amino acids.
[Pictures of lush land, with mountains in the background are shown, then police officers in riot gear forcibly ousting the men,] ". . whom the government calls invaders, as well as their cattle.
Figure . shows that the distribution is a power law, with many small and few large extinction events.
Le Monde said that even U.S. consumers are beginning to show anxiety about GM foods.
Ticket offices (billeteries) at FNAC or Virgin Megastore, both on the Champs-Elysées, will show what groups are in town.
This report also reviews the evidence that these M/Z values are consistent with LPA family members [ 19 ] . Figure 4shows the average intensities and p-values for both the cancer and control groups in the region between M/Z values of 410 to 470.
The fitness contribution is drawn from the uniform interval between . and .. Thus, instead of the Boolean functions described above showing when genes turn on and o, here I obtain a column vector for each of the to the (K + ) allele states aecting a given gene, and in each position is a random decimal.
Videotape of her answers will be shown to the Arkansas Whitewater grand jury, which will disband May 7. Pundits played up the tension between Starr and the first lady (since she recently called him "a politically motivated prosecutor who is allied with the right-wing opponents of my husband") and debated whether he will indict her.
Different hybridization and wash conditions were tested (data not shown).
PGE 2 has also been shown to stimulate cAMP formation in several renal tissues, notably preglomerular microvasculature [ 14 ] , renal glomeruli [ 40 ] , thin descending limb [ 41 ] , medullary and cortical thick ascending limb, and collecting duct [ 29 42 ] . Although EP
Including the views of responsible officials produces a report that shows not only what was found, and what the auditors think about it, but also what the officials in the audited entity think about the report and what they plan to do about it.
Within the cloister, in the north gallery, is a striking fresco of the Triumph of Death (1360) showing how a humble person and an aristocrat face the same destiny.
Our results show that unmodified oligonucleotides can provide an accurate, reproducible and cost-effective means to measure gene-expression profiles.
A second inner pylon shows Ptolemy XIII paying homage to Isis who is flanked by her husband Osiris and Horus.
Most of our surrogates have been shown to have either agonist or antagonist activity in the appropriate biochemical and/or biological models ( [ 7 ] manuscripts in preparation).
It shows the largest collection of paintings by native of Gloucester Fitz Hugh Lane (1804–1865) along with works by other artists who visited Cape Ann — Winslow Homer, Milton Avery, and others.
In recent years, the IRA has shown a greater interest in solutions short of reunification.
Subsequently, sequence analysis identified KRC as a member of the ZAS family of proteins which share the ability to bind κB-like motifs [ 15 ] . DNA competition analysis showed that KRC fusion proteins containing the ZAS-C domain bind specifically to both the RSS and to the κB motif [ 14 28 ] . DNA footprinting analysis further showed that KRC/ZAS-C binds to specific nucleotides within the κB and the heptamer of the RSS [ 14 ] . In this study, using a PCR-based DNA-binding site-selection and amplification procedure, we demonstrated that both the N-terminal ZAS-N and the C-terminal ZAS-C domains are able to bind GT-rich DNA sequences, and confirmed that the RSS and κB motifs are the high-affinity targets of KRC.
The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.
Our report shows a determined and capable group of plotters.
When corporations moved in with more stringent departmental accounting procedures, every sector of a hotel-casino had to show success.
The results show that Met can be detected in the axillary drainage, and although the number of patients was not high, Met is associated with unfavorable prognostic factors.
One possible explanation for this result is that Ras increases the amount of p35-C/EBPβ or Elk-1 protein in the COS-7 cells, but Western blot analysis showed that both p35-C/EBPβ and Elk-1 protein levels are the same in the absence and presence of Ras (data not shown).
At this time, we also turn to friends like you, asking you to show that you share in our sense of pride by continuing to support the School's Annual Fund.
In the adjoining St. Patrick’s Park is a marker showing the site of St. Patrick’s Well.
Depending on the club, the show may feature flamenco performances, drag acts, or shows with semi-nude women.
The only problem here, which the Post doesn't notice, is that mere racial disproportionality shows nothing of the sort.
The results shown here demonstrate that inhibition of MEK with U0126 quantitatively inhibits both ERK phosphorylation and AA release in MDCK cells in response to [Ca 2+] i mobilization.
Vyvyan sees his point: "First of all, the fMRI is not precise enough to show that the very same neurons are active in both cases.
A typical marker for men’s pants is shown in Figure 8.1 (page 137).
The STSL locus was mapped to the same position as shown by the diagrammatic representation of the rat Chr.
reduced first-time drug use by 46% lowered school absenteeism by 52% cut violent behavior by 33% enhanced school performance showed improved peer and family relationships
While critics find the ex-basketball star irresistibly likable, his show "is a crashing bore" (Marvin Kitman, Newsday ). His monologues are judged clunky and not funny, and "his mode of interviewing consists mainly of salivating over guests for being on the show" (Howard Rosenberg, the Los Angeles Times ). It uses the same A-list of stars who appear on Leno and Letterman, leading critics to wonder, "How many talk shows does any viewer need?"
In Varadero, the Cabaret Continental at the Hotel Internacional (shows nightly from 8:30pm to 3am) pales in comparison with the former venues but is nonetheless an enjoyable and sometimes fairly raunchy song-and-dance extravaganza.
Two small samples: high-speed maglev trains that run on water, Alan Sorkin TV shows that aren't sentimental twaddle.
Regulars have shown up yearly for decades.
While the rest of China is celebrating with paper lanterns, Harbin is showing off with lanterns carved out of ice in its Ice Lantern Festival, held downtown in Zhaolin Park.
Previously, PMA was shown to augment IFNg-mediated MHCII expression in MHCII-inducible tumor cell lines [ 19 20 ] . Here, we report that the presence of PMA in tissue culture restores IFNg-dependent MHCII expression in the poorly-responding LS1034 colon carcinoma cell line but fails to produce this effect in two other IFNg-resistant cell lines, MSTO-211H mesothelioma and HepG2 hepatocellular carcinoma.
Be advised that it is traditional for showgirls in Las Vegas production shows to be topless, and that tradition continues; many shows are not appropriate for children.
The superficial layer of the urothelium showed slight MIF immunostaining but also showed areas that appeared clear of MIF staining (Fig 1B).
Dissenters include Amy Gamerman of the Wall Street Journal , who says it's dated ("Salesman is showing its age") and Slate 's Jacob Weisberg, who praises this production but calls the play itself "unrelieved and unchallenging."
Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well being.
The detection limit of this assay was less than 0.00001 U E. coli RNAseH (data not shown).
A delicate rock crystal rhyton on display here shows the sophistication of both workmanship and personal taste in the New-Palace period.
His 1885 work The Potato Eaters shows the hard lives endured by the rural poor among whom Van Gogh lived at this time.
Several of the windows show Bible scenes on a majestic scale, but look also for the simple red door above which is written the advice “marry in haste, repent at leisure.”
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built, while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining.
And most polls show that the American public ranks lower taxes low on the totem pole of priorities for the government.
The distributions of cells in G1, S and G2/M, in the presence or absence of C/EBPα expression, were similar for cells grown for 24 (reported here), 48 or 72 hours (data not shown) prior to nocodazole addition.
It may have been a mea culpa , but there wasn't much culpa to show for it.
Meaning has actually tended to be a pitfall for him, as is shown by his topical posters, only one of which is displayed here, a dully literal item for Earth Day 1970.
2) It shows pot is toxic.
The rosy spin: We're showing the world democracy in action.
Kincaid's favorite fictional themes show up in My Brother , and they gain from the real-life urgency.
The cell line expressing GFP alone showed diffuse nuclear and cytoplasmic green fluorescence (Figure 4A).
The skeletal nature of the EC coupling expressed by fs-α 1S is shown in Fig.
Shows 6 and 8:30pm; $45 or less.
Victorian eyes fancied dense patterns that were likely to show up in waistcoats and on wainscotting.
The larger the variation is, the higher the inventory level should be for an item to satisfy demand, as shown in the fourth and fifth columns of Table 7.2.
No change was seen in the level of the internal control Renilla luciferase with varying concentrations of GS-E (raw data not shown but effect accounted for in the calculation as defined above).
We have shown that α-actinin is abundant in the bone marrow stroma matrix, presumably at focal adhesion sites [ 5 ] . We have also reported that a 31 kDa amino-terminal α-actinin fragment, which we have named mactinin, is generated by the degradation of extracellular α-actinin by monocyte-secreted urokinase [ 6 ] . Furthermore, we have demonstrated that mactinin is present in inflammation caused by Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, by examining bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from mice with infection [ 6 ] . It was not present in mice not challenged with P. carinii , suggesting that inflammaton is necessary for mactinin formation.
Someone has to come up with an argument that shows why their preferred form of social organization should induce the rest of us as rational agents to sign on to their program.
Attorney's office put forward, some evidence showing that the men in the dock were not the only plotters.
The impact of these new policies on retailing and manufacturing sectors may have begun to show up in economy-wide measures of inventory.
Finally, a comparison of annual growth rates for 1993-97 in Table 3 with those in Table 6 shows the following: (a) the 5.9 percent annual decrease of the total number of payments in Table 3 has been augmented to a 7.2 percent annual decrease of the number of payments per household in Table 6; and (b) the 1.0 percent annual increase of total number of bills in Table 3 has shrunk to a 0.3 percent annual decrease of the number of bills per household in Table 6.
With this in mind, I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $50, $100 or even $1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances.
reduced first-time drug use by 46% lowered school absenteeism by 52% cut violent behavior by 33% enhanced school performance showed improved peer and family relationships
Archaeology shows that, during this time, societies lived mainly in coastal trading towns with little settlement inland.
If you could be shown that intelligent design does not require the action of a supernatural creator and, in fact, is based on observable and empirical facts, would you change your opinion?
If you think that the practice in some Muslim countries of amputating the hand of a thief is harsh, beware of participating in horse shows in England, where there is no capital punishment but the issue arises every few years:
The analysis confirms—and extends to a global level—previous research showing that many major health risks are important across the range of exposure levels, not just among individuals exposed to high levels of risk.
History has shown that the present self-regulatory structure has not been adequate in this regard.
Corriere della Sera ran a front-page cartoon showing Hitler as a jack-in-the box making the Nazi salute and shouting, "Sieg Haider!"
It has been shown that TNFα induced proliferation of the undifferentiated neuroblastoma cell line, SK-N-BE, resulted from activation of TNFR2 [ 30 ] . Proliferation of SK-N-BE cells could be suppressed by the pre-incubation of cells with anti-TNFR2 blocking antibodies without concomitant cytotoxicity (data not shown).
Would the tempo be slow and the tone sad because love is unrequited, or might the tempo be fast and furious to show the frustration of two souls that never connect?
There's a Time /CNN poll out today that shows Gore a few points ahead of Bradley.
Of eight founder mice bearing an intact transgene, all demonstrated lymphoid lineage-specific expression of hCARΔcyt, with three distinct expression profiles represented by founder lines 6, 13, and 18 (Figure 1Band data not shown).
Imagine the picture:56 Timmy is shown facing the viewer, still holding the murdered Ana K. in his arms, imploring.
Nasar shows her mettle as a reporter here by penetrating the veil of secrecy surrounding the Nobel and revealing the back-stage machinations for and against Nash's candidacy.
A specific combination of β and γ subtypes may play such a role; however, one thorough study showed a lack of βγ on Golgi membranes of exocrine pancreatic cells even though a variety of Gα were readily detected in the Golgi [ 33 ] . Other proteins that may specifically promote the intracellular targeting of Gα have not been identified.
Although his philosophical studies show his great love and aptitude for Heidegger, then professor, soon to be Rector, at Freiberg, R remembers an increasing discomfort with H's "swooning for a leader" who would throw himself and the people into the Dasein.
The illustrations are colorful (green and black, to be specific) and invariably illustrate the literal senses of idioms, which are by nature figurative: in other words, the illustration for raise the roof shows someone lifting the roof off a house.
In summary, a 500 MWe boiler firing eastern bituminous coal with 0.6 percent sulfur, an ESP, and no SCR or FGD, is estimated to provide the performance and require the resources listed in the first column of Table 4-4, and estimates of performance and resources needed for other types of fuels and boiler configurations are shown in the other columns.
"Well, my Chingachgook, let us show you the good old Berkeleyan reality of an English dinner.
The key evidence cited in the report: 1) a red residue on the plane's seats showing "chemical elements consistent with solid missile fuel" and 2) a government radar tape showing a fast projectile on a collision course with the plane.
Although the immune system had been perturbed by immunization, CD4 +T cells isolated 14 days after immunization of each group did not show significant increase in CD25 expression as compared with that in naïve mice, suggesting that T cells activated by immunization had become resting memory T cells.
Then televisions began to show us vibrant Black children singing their way to jail for "freedom," and revealed a whole other America that wasn't privileged and purposeless.
The Independent of London said the Cox report exposed "an almost inconceivably sloppy attitude" to security by the United States and showed "how difficult the West now finds it to deal with an economically and politically resurgent China."
Table 5shows a compilation of both coding and non-coding alterations detected.
He works three shows daily as an underwater dancer-diver, breathing through a tube, titted and assed as a mermaid.
Time reports on new research showing that at least 450 animal species--including giraffes, goats, and dolphins--become sexually aroused through homosexual rubbing, entwining, and kissing.
As shown in Figure 4C, GST-NFATp(1-921) activated transcription, while GST-NFATp(391-583) did not activate transcription.
The Attorney General was then shown announcing that a long-time fugitive, undoubtedly connected with international terrorism, had been caught and extradited back to face murder charges in the US.
In Germany, the press showed more responsible news priorities, with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung leading Monday with Clinton announcing the biggest increase in defense spending since the end of the Cold War.
Such studies would be interesting since CMV infection has been suggested as a risk factor for the development of PTLD [ 22 24 ] . Investigators have showed that a large percentage of transplant patients who had developed PTLD also had CMV disease [ 22 30 ] . In addition to CMV being implicated as a factor for the development of PTLD, serological studies have shown that patients with an active CMV infection experienced a serological profile of EBV reactivation [ 22 31 32 ] . Cross reactivities between the two viruses were ruled out as a cause for the observed immunoreactivations.
Indeed, a look at the past three years shows that Attorney General John Ashcroft's offensive has widened to include a range of citizens whose only real crime is their opposition to the Bush administration's policies.
Moore's shtick, says Entertainment Weekly 's Owen Gleiberman, "shows more American enterprise than anything it's attacking."
Here we show for the first time that the ERα protein is expressed in normal and marginally abnormal placentae (normal placental types) but barely detectable in placentae exhibiting moderate and severe abnormality (abnormal placental types).
Ferd reaches for the remote just as Kenyan and other leading African runners are shown at the Olympic marathon.
Unfortunately, Clinton shows little sign of doing either.
The distribution of the APOE genotypes is shown in Table 2. There was no significant difference in APOE genotype and allele frequency between nephropathic and normoalbuminuric diabetic patients.
The speaker, in a slightly dated Gautier epauletted mao suit, with a semi-military fragrance, is shown to be talking to three persons in white tunics and white turbans, in a scene that owes too much to orientalizing pictures like Shanghai Express and The Letter.
Some have even been shown to impede movement into jobs.
Go in to view the John Singer Sargent’s murals, Harry’s book collection, including a 1623 Shakespeare portfolio and a Gutenberg Bible from 1450, and whatever is being shown in the Houghton Library.
This showed that both genes are expressed in most fetal and adult organs and structures, but that the expression in several structures including placenta and muscle is highly skewed in favor of Tnfrh1 (Fig.
Having chosen N and K, say N = and K = , the rest is done at random in the hopes that generic features of N and K will show up in the resulting statistical structure of the fitness landscape (Figure .a–c).
Visitors will have the opportunity to view changing shows in the Hilbert Conservatory including: Butterflies Are Free, Wizard of Oz, Toyland, and Flights of Fantasy.
The stories, which according to the paper come from a survey of execs at 200 major companies, include a tale about an interviewee who ordered a pizza for delivery during a lunch-hour interview, and another about a prospect who, when asked to bring references, showed up with two people in tow.
Tequilas Le Club, located in the old section of town, is a long-standing Acapulco cabaret that offers two female impersonator shows nightly — one “international” version, with the later show featuring Latin divas.
Autoantibodies directed against the Golgi complex were first identified in the serum of a Sjögren's syndrome patient with lymphoma [ 1 ] . Subsequent reports described anti-Golgi complex autoantibodies (AGA) in patients with systemic rheumatic diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus [ 2 ] , rheumatoid arthritis [ 3 ] , and Wegener's granulomatosis [ 4 ] . Immunoblotting and immunoprecipitation studies have shown that there was heterogeneity of reactivity among AGA [ 5 ] .
As shown in Fig.
Both precursor and effector cells of this activity were typically NK cells [ 11 ] . Direct evidence that NK cells are the mediators of LAK activity came from Immunotransmission Electron microscopic studies using colloidal gold labeled antibodies in which CD16 positive cells were shown to extend their protrusions deep into the target cells and it was found that the cytoplasmic granules and vacuoles of CD16 positive LAK cells were concentrated in the area of the binding site [ 12 ] . With the advent of flowcytometry and immunophenotyping we thought we could approach this dilemma in a different but simple and straightforward manner.
Three months of tamoxifen treatment was shown to cause a consistent induction in extracellular TGF-β in breast cancer biopsies, when compared with pretreatment biopsies from the same patients [ 23].
An example protein alignment with a selection of residues, including absolutely conserved positions as well as positions forming two structural epitopes in one of the known protein structures, is shown in Figure 5. It is important to note that only selected positions are encoded - which is both a performance and a storage asset.
In contrast to the co-cultures, monocytes cultured alone released no gelatinolytic activity (data not shown).
Although most mutants had relatively normal growth rates at the permissive temperature, many showed signs of cell stress as indicated by large cell and vacuole size (Figure 2, DIC panels).
As shown in Figure 6, both the seedlings grown continuously on 0.24 M sorbitol + 0.03 M glucose, or transferred to that media after 3 days on 0.03 M glucose, metabolize almost all of their 20:1 fatty acid.
Additionally, following initial RGC loss, most AKXD28 eyes exhibit thinning of the inner nuclear layer, and some mice older than 26 months show severe depletion of all retinal layers.
Since the F12 antibody also failed to recognize a distinct ~52 kDa band in human granulosa cell protein extracts [ 18 ] , and the E12 antibody did not show any reactivity at ~68 kDa, one may speculate that the ~68 kDa band might be another ERβ protein variant.
We rank ACP1/ACP2 and Sparc/osteonectin as having the 9th and 23rd strongest strain differences, respectively (both ACP1/ACP2 and Sparc/osteonectin are also shown in Figure 3).
Finally, it should be noted that a recent study using cell lines raised the possibility that SN50's action is not specific to NF-κB [ 61 62 ] . SN50 is composed of the NLS for NF-κB p50 and was believed to specifically block NF-κB p50/p65 nuclear translocation by binding the NLS receptor complex and preventing transport through the nuclear pore [ 33 34 35 ] . However, Torgerson and coworkers [ 61 ] have shown that SN50 treatment inhibited nuclear transport of transcription factors NFAT, AP-1, STAT1, and NF-κB at a high dose of 210 μg/ml in Junkrat cells.
As shown in Table 1we applied Autocorrelation, MESA and the "Chi-squared Periodogram" [ 57 ] to locomotor activity data generated by individuals who were either wild-type, cyc 01/+, cyc 02/+, or who had only one copy of the cyc locus ( cyc -deletion/+) [ 58 ] . We advocate using these methods simultaneously to maximize accuracy (for example, if Autocorrelation analysis indicates that a signal is arrhythmic we reject any value from MESA because MESA does not evaluate rhythmicity and will return an estimate for any signal).
A current-voltage relation measured from these currents (Figure 1B) shows the pronounced outward rectification exhibited by VR1.
Six healthy volunteers were injected with LPS, using a protocol similar to that shown to produce insulin resistance [35].
This minimal promoter was specifically responsive to C/EBPα expression in GHFT1-5 cells [ 45 46 ] . Cells transfected with the C/EBPα-GFP expression vector showed a statistically significant (p<0.
Perinuclear localization of p21 was detected in only few TM2H cells (p53 null) when both cell lines were immunostained for p21, whereas p21 was localized in both cytoplasmic and nuclear compartments in TM10 cells (p53 wt) (data not shown).
These data quantitatively describe the pattern of non-coding conservation shown in Figures 2and 4: CNCS lengths become shorter with increasing divergence but plateau to approximately the same length in the most distant comparisons.
The pRSVL74 cloning vector is shown in Figure 1and the procedures used to construct the mutant derivatives have been described previously [ 25].
Table 1shows the resultsfrom the traditional BPNN architecture optimization technique onone data set from each epistasis model generated with the two functionalSNPs only.
For example, a search for genes showing strain-specific variation in expression could be performed by comparing each profile to the following template, given that the data columns are grouped by strain (12 in 129SvEv, followed by 12 in C57BL/6):
Moreover, a comparison of the secondary structure elements derived from the reported three-dimensional model of MJ0757 [ 27] and those derived from a prediction generated using a multiple alignment query with the structure-prediction program PHD (such predictions typically exceed 70% accuracy), showed an overlap of just two of the 16 or so secondary structural elements (Figure 5).
In a study at Army training centers, Brundage and colleagues detected significantly higher rates of febrile respiratory illness among building occupants housed in modern barracks with low outdoor air ventilation rates as compared to soldiers housed in older barracks with higher ventilation rates [ 2 ] . In a study conducted during the Gulf War, Richards and his colleagues concluded that upper respiratory symptoms were more frequent in troops housed in air-conditioned barracks when compared to those that were housed in non-air-conditioned barracks, open warehouses or tents [ 3 ] . In a hospital-based study, an outbreak of varicella virus was explained by airflow studies, which demonstrated the spread of airborne virus from an infected patient housed in an isolation room to 15 other patients [ 1 ] . In a study conducted during a pneumococcal disease epidemic in a crowded jail, it was shown that attack rates were 95% higher in cells with the lowest volume of air supply per person [ 4 ] .
In BS153 cells, discoidin mRNA was induced, reach maximum levels at 4 hour and rapidly decreased by 8 hours, the time mounds were formed (not shown).
Alignments for the regions shown in figure 1
TTP was initially upregulated in all the cells in response to LPS, as shown by flow cytometry and confocal microscopy.
5-C, top) are shown.
All cases where members of at least two of the four families cluster are shown in Figure 4.
An Excel spreadsheet showing genes correlating with tissue features (Additional data file 1), also represented in 4 pdf files that contain tables of genes correlating with % clear space (Additional data file 2), area % vacuoles (Additional data file 3), vacuoles/mm 2(Additional data file 4), and all other metrices (Additional data file 5).
Furthermore, this supports the data showing that the agonist can activate signaling in Shh -/-embryos (Figure 3) and suggests that the agonist function is not only downstream of the Hh protein but also independent of the endogenous Hh-signaling modulators, Tout veloux and HIP, that act via the Hh ligand [ 2 ] . The competition experiment with forskolin showed identical inhibition curves for Hh protein and the agonist, strongly suggesting that the action of the small molecule is upstream of the protein-kinase-A-sensitive step in the pathway.
Some of the fibroblasts differentiate into myofibroblasts, which contract to close the wound [ 4 14 15 ] . Myofibroblasts are fibrogenic, showing elevated expression of interstitial collagens, laminin, FN and TN, and inhibitors of matrix metalloproteinases such as TIMP-1 [ 15 16 17 18 19 ] . Because cCAF is expressed highly in the granulation tissue of wounds in areas where ECM is abundant [ 3 6 11 ] , and it stimulates fibroblasts to differentiate into myofibroblasts [ 4 ] , we investigated whether this chemokine stimulates the production of the four major ECM molecules mentioned above, interstitial Colls I and III, TN and cellular FN.
In the current study, inhibition of vaccinia infection is not due to photoactivation of the tetrapyrroles, as shown by two aspects of the experiments.
However, our simulations showed that contamination located close to the true mode will mislead any estimator (mean or mode).
We used the same strategy to identify a Skp1 cDNA that also rescues skp1 mutations in yeast (not shown).
Previous analysis of Npm3 expression in mouse tissues also showed generally equal and strong expression in the tissues tested with especially strong expression in testis [ 21 ] . However, in the mouse, the brain, rather than the lung, displayed the lowest Npm3 RNA levels.
Prior studies have shown variability in the use of therapeutic modalities (including PACs, ventilator, and intravenous vasoactive and inotropic agents) among ICU patients [ 21 27 ] and different impacts on outcomes and use of hospital resources associated with these treatments [ 16 17 18 28 29 ] . In general, with the exception of the recent trial demonstrating benefit of early goal-directed treatment involving oxygenation (including ventilatory support if necessary) and blood pressure (including intravenous pressors if necessary) [ 30 ] , few data are available that demonstrate that these modalities improve outcomes.
Figure 2shows fluorescence micrographs and bar graphs of the positions of the ALMs from strain TU2562, which has an integrated mec-3gfp (equivalent to pJC8 in Figure 4), and strain EA485, which contains a high copy extrachromosomal array made from plasmid pJC4 (see Figure 4and Materials and Methods).
Figure 1shows the number of antibiotics prescribed during the period of hospital stay.
Cross-validation experiments in which only a subset of promoters was used suggest that additional sequences similar to those in the current set of 1,841 would not further improve the results significantly (data not shown).
These estimated incidence rates are shown in table 2. As a conservative estimate for relative risk calculations, all the rates were pooled (as the unweighted mean of the calculated rates in table 2for men and women), recognizing that this will yield a higher "unexposed" rate than was likely present for the younger and predominantly female populations exposed to the anorexic drugs.
In addition, other recent studies have shown that the membrane phospholipid phosohatidylinositol-4,5-bis-phosphate (PIP 2 ) reduces sensitivity of K ATP to ATP, and therefore, activates K ATP [ 32 33 34 ] . To our knowledge, this is the first report of regulation of K ATP activity by phorbol ester in rat β-cells.
It is, however, worth noting that the activity of two of the proteins in this category (AtPLC1 and KCO1) has been shown to be dependent on Ca 2+[ 31, 42].
This idea is supported by our present results since we show that TAF II 135 overexpression impairs both RARγ2 degradation and primitive endoderm differentiation.
Ocl from estradiol-treated animals, however, frequently showed only one margin of the cell perimeter involved with small areas of ruffed border formation, with the remainder of the cell surface displaying a smooth profile (Fig.
They are identical to Tables 1, 2 and 3 respectively, except that the total annual volumes in Tables 1, 2 and 3 have been replaced with per-household annual volumes in Tables 4, 5 and 6. A comparison of figures in Tables 4, 5, and 6 with the corresponding figures in Tables 1, 2 and 3, respectively, shows that the replacement of total by per-household volume figures leaves the shares of sectors and uses in total First-Class Mail volume unchanged.
Depending on the electrophoresis condition, one narrow band, a pair of two bands or one very broad band was observed (data not shown).
Thymocytes in the adult Rag1 -/-thymus have been previously shown to have overall lower levels of proliferation than adult wild type TN thymocytes [ 13 ] , particularly at the TN3 stage [ 37 38 39 40 ] . At fetal stages, our results showed that proliferation also varied between thymocytes in the wild type and Rag1 -/-thymus at discrete stages of thymocyte differentiation.
However, one should be careful to call the latter factor “psychogenic” or “psychological,” because neuroscience has shown that learning is not simply “psychogenic” but leads to measurable changes in the brain (Kandel and O'Dell 1992).
The orfs adjacent to cg4715 (two upstream and two downstream) appear to be non-homologous to retrovirus orfs (data not shown) suggesting that it may either be an insect gene or a remnant of an integrated retroelement.
One mechanism by which tumors evade immune destruction is through cytokine production or induction [ 1 ] . Prostaglandin E-2 (PGE-2), constitutively produced by many NSCLC has been identified as one factor that has direct immunosuppressive properties and is known to induce IL10 in mononuclear cells [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . IL10 is a dominant immunosuppressive cytokine found in the NSCLC environment known to directly affect T cell-mediated immunity [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Both PGE-2 and IL10 have been shown to suppress antigen presentation, to suppress cytotoxic T cell (CTL) responses, and to inhibit cytokine production by T cells and antigen presenting cells, perhaps most importantly IL12, that plays a central role in initiation and potentiation of cellular immune responses [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] , [ 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . We asked whether PGE-2 levels and/or IL10 levels were elevated in plasma of NSCLC patients, whether monocytes from NSCLC patients produce more IL10 than normals, and whether there was correlation within our findings.
4 %. Results were visualized as both real time and end-point, and a representative FVL genotyping experiment is shown in Figure 10.
These results show that the PG-specific IgG1 response was marginally dependent on IL-4, whereas endogenous IL-4 dramatically suppressed the PG-specific IgG2a response.
As a control group for variations in T-cell markers in non-neoplastic T-cell populations, we used the flow cytometry results from 100 patients with MF or cutaneous atypical T-cell infiltrates whose PB smears did not show identifiable tumor cells, and 10 samples from control patients without any evidence of malignancy or chronic disease.
ompC mRNA 5' UTR sequences show more sequence divergence than ompF 5' UTR sequences, e.g., the percent identity between Y. pestis and Y. enterocolitica sequences is 81% and divergence between the two Yersinia ompC 5' UTR segments is greater than that of the closely related organisms, E. coli and S. typhimurium (Figure 4).
No other correlations were detected (data not shown).
Reduction of the number of samples genotyped, or the number of markers, or both, has been shown to be efficient [ 24 25 26 27 28 ] . We used a two-stage design.
As shown in Fig.
However, different CAR/RXR heterodimer binding sites show distinct responses to RXR activation.
Figures 3Aand 3Bshow currents from a single-channel and a two-channel patch (upper panel) with the idealized currents shown above the raw data, and their amplitude histograms below.
2shows that the ERβ-LBD bound N-CoR in the presence of agonists and phytoestrogens, but not SERMs.
Figure 3.2 shows the difference between domestic investment and national saving, which is defined in the NIPA as net foreign investment.
MIPS lists 16 Arabidopsis sequences showing myosin domains.
A study using the head (motor domain), neck and tail domains separately for phylogenetic analysis or the head and neck/tail showed that this is generally true [ 27].
There were also isolated CT cells in the villous stroma (quiescent, q; or G 0 ), which showed very weak nuclear ERα.
The average correlation coefficient between amplified and unamplified samples is 0.82 with less than 4% of genes showing changes in expression level by 2-fold or greater using the optimized (Jeffrey lab) protocol.
A quantitative comparison of the tree topologies using the symmetric distance method showed that the presence-absence tree was most different from the trees made by the other methods (Table 2).
Although K562 cells are derived from leukemia, among the genes showing altered regulation were several that are also dysregulated in breast cancer, including c- myc and cyclin D2; their altered expression was verified by real-time PCR.
This project has shown that the BJAB-B1 and P3HR-1 cells were susceptible to a CMV superinfection by detecting viral transcript and protein.
The KilA-N and the Bro-N domains show additional parallels in the domain architectures of the corresponding proteins.
A cohort of patients with synovitis of recent onset was evaluated and we sought to determine the prevalence and potential clinical utility of a spectrum of autoantibodies that has been shown to be associated with RA.
Portable Network Graphic (PNG) File showing that mature TGFβ 1 binds to α V β 6 integrin.
As the tyrosine phosphorylated Cas substrate domain acts as a dominant negative for v-crk mediated transformation and JNK activation, and can also interact with v-crk and c-crk (data not shown), we wanted to determine if it could compete for binding of v- and c-crk to endogenous Cas.
Most significantly, a mixture of a lysate from unstimulated BCL 1 .3B3 cells harbouring wildtype Syk with a lysate from unstimulated DT40 expressing the K395A, 3F mutant Syk (see below), at 1:5, 1:1 and 5:1 ratios, showed no activity in the immune complex kinase assay (data not shown).
We observed that the histology of the tamoxifen-treated mammary glands differed significantly from control glands when examined after 6 weeks of tamoxifen treatment, showing fewer terminal end-buds and less tertiary branching.
It is interesting to note that a huge six protein origin recognition complex binds to yeast ARS1 whereas p35, a small protein is showing same kind of protection as evidenced by foot print analysis (Fig.
The following files are available: a figure (Additional data file 1) showing the complete dataset for Figure 1, with associated array tree correlations (atr), complete data table (cdt) and gene tree correlations (gtr) files (Additional data files 2, 3and 4); a figure (Additional data file 5) showing the complete dataset for Figure 2, with associated atr, cdt and gtr files (Additional data files 6, 7and 8); a figure (Additional data file 9) showing the complete dataset for Figure 3, with associated atr, cdt and gtr files (Additional data files 10, 11and 12).
Acute inflammatory markers have been shown to be both prognostic and predictive of future cardiovascular events in several populations.
A scatter plot of the data for SNP G1822A shows the clear distinction between each of the three possible genotypes (Fig.
The genes selected showed expression differences between 2 to 7-fold by DNA microarray.
It has been shown that HIV-infected brain has a decrease of mRNA and protein of the GluR-A flop subtype of alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole propionic acid (AMPA) glutamate receptor in cerebellar Purkinje cells.
Quantification analysis comparing the four groups of rats in the study showed that expression of Fas in glomerular and tubular cells was greatest (P < 0.05) in kidneys of S rats exposed to the 8.0% NaCl diet for 7 and 21 days (Fig.
The 5' end of exon 1b is shown in uppercase and boldface letters.
Inhibition of Ci processing can be scored by the accumulation of a C-terminal epitope [ 26 ] . This assay showed that reduction in the function of Slimb or Roc1, two activities that contribute to SCF function, is associated with an increase in Ci staining [ 26 ] [ 27 ] . Similarly, reduction of Cul1 function by mutation in Cul1 (data not shown and [ 28 ] ) or by overexpressing mCul1 (fig.
Competition binding studies were carried out for the ligands that were shown to act as antagonists or weak/partial agonists at μ opioid receptors to confirm that these agents were in fact capable of binding to μ opioid receptors with high affinity.
Our report shows that the terrorists analyze defenses.
The marginal costs of emission reductions over the period 2005 through 2015 are shown in Figures 6 through 9 for all four scenarios.
.. " [ 32 ] . Interestingly, because rat neonatal microglia have been shown to express BDNF [ 57 ] and bFGF [ 58 ] , and in view of the fact that LPS can affect BDNF gene expression in rat neonatal microglia cells [ 59 ] , experiments are currently underway in our laboratory to determine if domoic acid may affect neonatal rat microglia expression of both BDNF and bFGF.
However, no other significant differences with respect to reproductive history were observed across categories of maternal fish consumption (data not shown).
The CMV MIE transcript was present in the BJAB-B1 and P3HR-1 cells superinfected with CMV at all time points as shown by the real-time PCR data (Figures 1Aand 2A, respectively).
For example, only a few genes show an obvious phenotype when heterozygous, and heterozygosity generally results in a two-fold reduction in expression level [ 14].
In plants, two myosin heavy chains have been shown to associate with calmodulin [ 37, 67].
[ 14 ] In addition, Schoenbaum et al have shown that blacks are less likely to demand or receive adequate information about their disease process and more likely to report themselves to be in poor health than whites of the same age group and gender.
Amino acid alignments show that the endonuclease-like catalytic motifs of the yCCR4 C-terminal domain are strictly conserved among all yCCR4-related proteins and identify CCR4-specific residues in this domain.
Bringing this information together, table 3.8 shows the relations among case study applications and design decisions.
Rucker was ordered out because her mentally disabled daughter was caught with cocaine three blocks from the apartment she shared with her mother and other family members, court records show.
Research in Scotland, for example, showed that IQ test scores at age 11 were predictive of future dementia risk [7].
Stabilin-1 and -2 are homologous transmembrane proteins showing 7 fasciclin-like adhesion domains, 18-20 EGF domains, 1 X-link domain and 3-6 B-X(7)-B hyaluronan-binding motifs [ 40 ] . Stabilin-1 and stabilin-2 are likely to play a role in cell-cell and cell-matrix interactions in vascular cells [ 40 ] .
This second cysteine has been shown to be critical for a functional LRAT enzyme, suggesting that the poxviral proteins may have a related activity (see below) [ 42].
The results are shown in Table 5.
Titration of BDM down to 10 mM showed the same loss of localization; however, 2 minutes of treatment was required to see equivalent loss (data not shown).
Table 3 shows the expected frequencies obtained when this model is applied to the six populations described in Table 1with ratios either 3 or 2. No further attempt is made to optimize the fit, even so, the χ 2probabilities show it to be very good.
Annual LRI episode incidence rates are shown in Table 1and Figure 2by age group and gender.
Cys→Ser mutation at position 280 in the p51 subunit has been shown to alter the RNase H activity of the heterodimeric enzyme, indicating that this residue in the thumb subdomain of p51 plays an important role in support of the RNase H activity of p66 [ 22 ] . The emergence of a strain of HIV-1 resistant to the non-nucleoside RT inhibitor TSAO (Tertbutyldimethyl silyspiro amino oxathioledioside) displaying Glu→Lys mutation at position 138 in the p51 subunit of HIV-1 RT has also been reported [ 23 ] , thus implicating p51 to play a more direct role in drug binding and/or the enzymatic activities of HIV-1RT.
Study 2 also showed a highly significant effect of Lesion (F 1,50 = 48.
By comparison, tax records show the director of the program at the Atlanta Legal Aid Society earned upwards of $80,000 during that time.
This receptor was shown to bind Cry1Aa with a 7.6 nM affinity, as determined by Scatchard analysis with ELISA binding assays [ 6 ] . The APN was cloned and expressed in E. coli and demonstrated to bind Cry1Aa toxin on ligand blots [ 7 ] . These results indicate the Cry1Aa-APN interaction was specific and that APN glycosylation was not required for Cry1Aa binding.
Second, amino-acid sequence alignments of the diversified proteins show that these proteins still retain the identity of critical domains, such as signal peptides and transmembrane domains, as well as critical residues in the active sites of enzymes (Table 2and data not shown).
Figure 6shows a plot of the CVs of the ratios as a function of the mean ratios for all of the data points, regardless of the intensity level of the probe . Consistent with earlier findings [ 6 ] , the majority of the CVs in the of the kidney to lymphoma ratios are below 30%, with an average of 13.
The CMV standards (5 × 10 5, 5 × 10 3, and 5 × 10 1) for the BJAB-B1 cells are shown (Figure 1C) and the standards for the P3HR-1 cells were not shown.
The use of such consensus sequences is likely to improve alignment, increase splicing evidence, and has been shown to improve the detection of protein homology [ 19].
Decreased leg blood flow and vascular conductance are present in elderly compared to young subjects during whole body exercise [ 18 ] and in response to reactive hyperemia [ 13 ] . Decreased basal limb blood flow was related to increased vasoconstriction in the elderly compared to younger individuals [ 19 ] . However, not all studies have shown age related changes in blood flow.
Statistical analysis has shown overall ANOVA P < 0.0001), and differences between columns with different superscripts P < 0.01.
But, as currently designed, the existing tests may miss important effects such as mood changes, impulsive behaviors, and attentional problems that in humans have been shown to result from exposures to environmental toxins [24,27,30,37,40].
The PMA and ionomycin control induced apoptosis in both cell types (data not shown).
It has also been shown that aspirin inhibited nitrosamine induced lung carcinogenesis [ 27 ] , and it reduced COX-2 enzyme levels in lung cancer cell lines [ 28 ] . Further support for a potential role of the COX-2 pathway in lung cancer development comes from several investigations that demonstrated COX-2 overexpression in human lung tumors, specifically NSCLC [ 29 30 31 32 ] and precursor lesions [ 33 ] . While COX-2 expression was generally shown to be increased in NSCLC and to a much lesser extent in SCLC, the role of COX-2 expression in latter tumor type is difficult to determine, due to the fact that the numbers of SCLC tumors examined in these studies was very small.
Notwithstanding this global nonrandom distribution of receptors, laminin induced receptor aggregates do not show evidence of the ordered structure previously found in agrin induced receptor aggregates (Figure 3).
Early studies involving the administration of VEGF-A showed angiographic evidence of new vessel formation, but these vessels did not persist and they regressed within 3 months [ 40].
50 μg/ml) and to ACV (results not shown) according to the standard resistance breakpoint criteria, whereas isolates from mice treated with VCV had PCV IC 50 s ranging from 0.31-8.
Table 4-5 shows the estimated performance and resources needed for a single and multiple (two) ACI retrofit on a 500 MWe boiler firing subbituminous coal and equipped with an ESP.
Notably, 2 mM EDTA had no inhibitory effect on constitutive integrin-CD98 associations (not shown).
However, the infected cells still exhibited a general cytopathic effect because, as we had shown earlier (e.g.
In many cases, heterozygotes as a group have shown better infectious disease outcomes (slower disease progression or more rapid clearance of viral infection) than homozygotes as a group [ 5 6 8 9 14 22 ] , a phenomenon we call "population heterozygote advantage."
Sequencing chromatograms of DNA from four of four clones showed both the 2369 C→T and 2573 T→G mutations, confirming that both mutations were in the same allele (data not shown).
An alternative mechanism for the formation of inclusion bodies in protein conformation disorders is suggested by a recent study showing that clearance of poly-Gln and poly-Ala inclusions is accelerated by compounds like rapamycin, which stimulate protein degradation by autophagy [ 64 ] . Along similar lines, the work of Kegel et al . [ 65 ] hints that poly-Gln huntingtin may be degraded mainly in autophagic vacuoles containing lysosomal proteases.
Typical ELISA data are shown in Fig.
This town, which flourished between 6500 and 5500 b.c. , had flat-roofed houses of mud and timber decorated with wall-paintings, some of which show patterns that still appear on Anatolian kilims.
E-mail bores him--and it showed.
One might expect a Hint-Asw heterodimer to have substantially less than 50% of the activity of a Hint homodimer if Hint homodimers showed cooperativity with respect to substrate binding and/or hydrolysis.
The immediate reaction was the imposition of the Hays Office code of morals, which decreed that in all Hollywood films sin must be punished — it could be shown in detail, but it must always be punished.
Subjects did not do much better on the matching task at the end than at the beginning, showing that no group consensus emerged; yet they reported that they felt subjectively that they communicated better.
This marvelous Victorian-Gothic building is famous for the fanciful stone carvings around the base of its pillars (one pillar, reputedly depicting the club members, shows monkeys playing billiards).
And on this perfectly nice and liberal-minded businessman, Roth, in his malicious rage, has bestowed a monster of a daughter, a stuttering left-wing bomb thrower and murderous lunatic destined to ruin her daddy's family and his life--just to show what comes of so much cheer and post-ethnic American optimism.
Figure 2shows the results of differences in rates of sepsis complications adjusted for age, sex, Charlson comorbidity score, discharge DRG weight, organ dysfunction, and service at onset of sepsis.
Western visitors are not usually shown around unless they specifically request it.
Gödel proved this theorem by showing that every sentence in a logical language can be encoded as a statement about positive numbers.
Shows 7 and 10pm, no late show Sunday–Tuesday; dark Thursday; $38 or less (special rate for children 4–12).
But she's shown absolutely no traction so far, and if the next 11 months go the way I expect for the GOP, she's gonna have to pull a rabbit out of her hat to win.
Expression of epitope-tagged YLR106p is shown to result in a polypeptide of the anticipated size that localizes principally in the nucleus.
Although artifacts show that both the Aztec and Olmec pre-Hispanic cultures had a presence in the area, ancient civilizations created no notable settlements here.
(Well, white churches; the black church is always shown as a scene of joyful noise.
Various studies have shown how the ratio of executive compensation to average employee compensation has risen to levels of irrationality and levels that far exceed those of other major industrialized nations.
In the right transept, the Cimabue’s famous portrait of St. Francis, believed to be a close physical resemblance, shows him to the right of the enthroned Madonna.
The intermediate spin: Yes, but this shows how shallow and self-absorbed we are.
Islamic architecture shows in the five characteristic peaked arches of the prayer-hall screen, but even here the decoration, which includes the Arabic lettering, is naturalistic and Hindu in style.
Early analysis showed that most employers using it didn't hire more or different people.
The pedigree for this proband is shown in Figure 3. All affected individuals had undergone pacemaker implantation for symptomatic bradycardia.
Nearby, O Fugitivo (Rua Imperatriz Dona Amélia, 68) is a popular nightclub with nightly Brazilian dancers and transvestite shows (it’s open until 6am).
The divorcing Amy is marginally more believable as a woman whose life has taken a scary new turn than the unflappable single Syd ever was--Amy gets flustered; she doesn't know what to wear; her clothes don't seem designed to show off an improbably sculpted body, as Syd's do; she has no pat reasons for having left her husband; her mom, played by Tyne Daly, is pitch-perfect as the smart, confident older woman who quashes her daughter (she's a more compelling character than Syd's father, a wan veterinarian who can do no wrong); and Amy's own daughter--well, Amy's daughter is unbearable, a stereotypical know-it-all TV tyke.
The CYTH domain shows a small array set of fusions to other conserved domains (Fig.
Sound and Light Shows: All the most impressive ancient sites in Egypt have a sound and light show, and it adds an extra theatrical dimension to your Egypt experience.
David Gergen ( The McLaughlin Group ) believes the trip shows that China, not Japan, is the most powerful country in Asia right now.
This analytic solution matches well with the numerical simulation except for an arbitrary phase shift, which does not affect the shape and location of the limit cycle in the phase space and can thereby be ignored (not shown).
There is nothing in the Gospels about this, though a Polish Chapel, with a relief showing Jesus bowing under the weight of the cross, marks the spot.
Le Monde of Paris showed sudden optimism Sunday about a Middle East peace settlement.
BMPs have been divided into subgroups based on structural and evolutionary considerations [ 8 ] . Although closely related BMPs have been shown to elicit distinct cellular responses [ 5 9 10 11 12 13 ] , members within a subgroup often display conservation of not only structure, but also function [ 4 5 6 14 ] . BMP-5 belongs to the 60A subgroup of BMPs, which also includes BMP-6/Vgr-1, BMP-7/OP-1, BMP-8a/OP-2, BMP-8b and Drosophila 60A [ 3 8 ] . Other members of the 60A subgroup have been shown to modulate neuronal morphogenesis through selective effects on dendrites.
Sabeel Qait Bey, an ornate little 15th-century kiosk, shows the fine design and craftsmanship of the Mameluke period; from this kiosk, fresh water was served to visitors in earlier times.
Amy's View , the best of the recent works to show up here, is a more familiar and successful exercise.
primarily describe what is happening and why, in one or two instances, to show what a situation is like.
Like Mid Ocean, its next-door neighbor, Castle Harbour shows the skill of designer Robert Trent Jones.
But a closer look shows they all have dark eyes and dark eyebrows and that their hair spreads from a center part where at least an inch or two of dark roots is clearly visible on either side.
Beside David and Goliath, Daniel in the lions’ den, and the building of Noah’s ark, one curious sculpture shows Saint Eugenia, tonsured and disguised as a monk, opening her robe to convince a skeptical friar that she’s a woman.
Despite all the hype about the end of loyalty, most of the studies conducted by labor economists show that the length of time that people spend with an organization and the number of changes they make during their careers has not varied dramatically over the last quarter-century.
Control T cells from hCARΔcyt transgene-negative littermates had indistinguishable flow cytometric profile (data not shown).
There are also flamenco shows twice nightly, except Monday, at El Tablao de Carmen in the Poble Espanyol on Montjuïc (Arcos, 9; tel. 93/325 68 95).
The repeats are fewer, the movies are better, the flood of gooey holiday commercials is drying up--they're even showing back-to-back Ally on Fox (Mon.
The large hotels in Condado and Isla Verde have supper clubs and lounges, discos and piano bars, and flamenco and bomba y plena shows for those who want a taste of traditional Puerto Rican culture.
It was an oddly appropriate subject, because Moyers' shows themselves are a kind of addictive drug.
Variation is also observed within individual family members, both between strains [ 14 ] and, as shown in this report, within individual isolates.
The east façade shows best what Gaudí intended.
Bush's broadsides have filled the talk shows and front pages with speculation that he is "triangulating" against congressional Republicans, just as Bill Clinton "triangulated" against left-wing rap artist Sister Souljah in 1992 and against congressional liberals in 1995.
In our study, p63 was replaced with WT-1 for three main reasons: first, p63 is a nuclear protein, which is not easily identifiable in attenuated or compressed ME cells; second, previous studies have shown that this protein is also expressed in ME-cell-derived neoplasms and tumors with squamous cell differentiation [ 29 ] ; third, our preliminary study had showed that WT-1 had the same subcellular localization but seemed to be more specific for ME cells, compared with p63 [ 12 ] .
Street theater, face painting, and hands-on art shows will keep up their enthusiasm and interest.
It shows only that California's own bilingual education system is unpopular, dissents Clarence Page ( The McLaughlin Group ), and says nothing about other states' programs.
They probably originated in Africa (along with humans), and fossils of mosquitoes show that the vectors for malaria have existed for at least 30 million years.
Room 4: Andrea Mantegna (a brother-in-law of the Bellini family) shows why St. George, the dragon-killer, became the most appropriate patron saint for England.
According to You can replace `According to our records' by `Our records show'.
2 showed that the amino acid sequence of the C-terminus was responsible for regulation of ATP sensitivity to K ATP [ 31 ] . It is not clear at present whether phorbol ester effects reflection at the C-terminus.
, a monthly guide put out by Barcelona Tourism, has information on big shows and performances.
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation.
The NYT states that when Albright shows up on Tuesday, she will "read the riot act" to Yassir Arafat about cracking down on terrorism.
The Court was advised that yesterday, on September the 27th, the reporters, both of them, showed up at the appointed times for their depositions as appropriately scheduled by the defendants, and I'm advised -- and I'll correct this if I'm wrong -- that both reporters cited the reporter's privilege that they consider to exist under the First Amendment so that they would not answer any questions at those depositions.
Now, counsel for the plaintiff is indicating the letter as being produced on the issue of -- or to show notice, obviously, on the effect prong.
For instance, Map 34 shows the areas, marked off by boundary lines, where the variants chimley chimbley, chimmock, chimdey, chimbey , and chimney occur.
The inauguration of Dubai Internet City coincides with the opening of an annual IT show in Dubai, the Gulf Information Technology Exhibition (Gitex), the biggest in the Middle East.
Shows 7 and 10pm (no late show Sunday and Monday); dark Tuesday; over $50.
The flow of operations through a typical men’s dress-shirt sewing factory is shown in Figure 9.1 (page 160).
A recent study by Public/Private Ventures (PPV) showed that girls who had a Big Sister for just one year:
Mann Theaters in Westwood Village operates nine state-of-the-art screens showing first-run films.
This is illustrated in Table 7.1, which shows the average order-fulfillment rate for products with different levels of demand variability, assuming the same level of average demand is held for each SKU.
There are several cinemas, showing films in their original language with subtitles in Hebrew.
Here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about (1) which products to make in each plant and (2) how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product.
Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well being.
Nearly at the end of a winding road to the Na Pali Coast, these condominium units are beginning to show their age, but they come with complete kitchens, a white-sand beach with tide pools, and looming mountain peaks out of Bali Hai.
With this policy in place, if at the end of a day she notes that inventory has dropped to 3 units, she would order 5 more, as shown in Figure 6.7.
The ceramic mural shows nine dragons, each in a different dynamic pose.
It is relatively easy to show that recombination is only a useful search procedure on smooth fitness landscapes.
They said they both felt they knew me like an old friend because they'd been coming to see IRT shows since their high school days.
It is clear that even the choice of the Hebrew slave discussed in Exodus can never be shown to be completely free.
Shows are Thursdays thru Sundays at 7:30pm.
Don’t bother slowing down for the street vendors selling “official” maps showing the homes of the rich and famous — unless you get a kick out of security gates.
An example of the latter is James Tissot’s, “Hide and Seek,” which shows four little girls at play in a Victorian sitting room.
The view has no trees and shows the “Gentleman’s Canal” in pristine condition.
An ironic, yet justified ending shows Mister Sterling dumped into the Rio Grande by Mexicans, and as he swims to the U.S. side of the border he is shot by the Border Patrol.
But because of the compassion and generosity shown by Habitat partners like you, Wanda's prayers were suddenly answered - she was approved for a Habitat house -the kind of miracle that people who grow up in Wanda's world never seriously hope for, let alone expect.
The results show a very strong statistical bias in favor of genes governed disproportionately by canalyzing Boolean functions.
Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well being.
Inside, there was no reason either for local Giovanni Pisano to show false modesty about his superbly sculpted 14th-century marble pulpit (left aisle), arguably the cathedral’s masterpiece.
Remarkably, there is a phase transition on the C/V axis at ln x (K) or . x K. As shown in Figure ., for C/V values less than this phase transition value, the expression is almost certainly satisfiable.
for Flex Tic (Good for any 5 shows or bring 4 of your friends / family to one show, value $121.
There are also laser and stargazing shows in the Planetarium, and brilliant 3-D films shown in the Mugar Omni Theater.
The results are shown in Figure .. Indeed, landscape ruggedness does evolve to an intermediate ruggedness.
Dr. O'Leary and Indiana University School of Dentistry have benefited all of us and this is a way we can show our appreciation in a tangible way.
If the station and its hotel showed where Toronto was heading, the bright new Metro Toronto Convention Center to the west proclaims the city’s triumphant arrival.
In type 1 diabetes, it has been shown that inflammatory cytokines play a central role in the destruction of insulin producing β-cells [ 17 18 19 ] , resulting in the production of oxygen-derived free radicals that induce DNA-damage and apoptosis in both rodent and human β-cells [ 20 21 22 23 24 25 ] . In both type 1 and type 1, as well as, type 2 diabetes, the role of free radicals in diabetic complications is well studied.
Figure 7.8 shows the full relationship between inventory carrying costs, lead times, and the quick-line production ratio.
The Endowment Fund is a way we can show our appreciation and support; and at the same time, make sure future colleagues receive the same benefits.
Compose a newspaper-style caption for the actual Reuters news photo shown below.
The cinema is a great national passion, with over 300 different films showing in Paris every week.
The building’s owner, the cultural foundation Fundació Caixa de Catalunya, has transformed the second floor into a sumptuous exhibition space for a variety of impressively curated shows (entrance is free).
Archaeology shows that, during this time, societies lived mainly in coastal trading towns with little settlement inland.
The theater presents “sky shows” and IMAX films.
In one inspired moment, the Renaissance braggart has combined the legendary technical wizardry he loved to show off as a goldsmith with undeniable sculptural beauty.
The friezes are more sophisticated, showing archers riding elephants and a king of Kalinga reclining with his queen.
But they concentrated their power more for commercial than military gain, showing a taste for the good life rather than a hunger for an empire.
There are many cinemas in Istiklal Caddesi, and a multi-screen theatre at Çemberlita« in the Old City, which show mainstream movies.
El Greco shows St. Augustine and St. Stephen, in splendid ecclesiastical garb, lifting the count’s body.
On the east wall are two images showing Byzantine emperors and emperesses making offerings to Christ on his throne (to the left), and to the Virgin and Child.
The two top teahouse theaters in the capital are the Lao She Teahouse (3 Qianmenxi Dajie), with nightly variety shows and snacks, and the Tian Qiao Happy Teahouse (113 Tianqiao Market), with balcony seating and a staff outfitted in Qing costumes.
Providing a cultural counterpoint a block north of the Convention Center, Vancouver architect Arthur Erickson’s transparent Roy Thomson Hall glows at night to show off the throngs of smart concert-goers attending the Toronto Symphony Orchestra.
Hotels and resorts will of course have regular shows and performances in their facilities, some quite spectacular.
Most of the stage shows at the larger hotels features these two types of music.
Greek hospitality is warm and genuine — even small examples such as always being welcomed with a smile and shown to your seats at a taverna.
After years of neglect, the château has been restored and transformed into a museum showing a more comfortable side of frontier life in New France: elegant 18th-century furnishings, a grand colonial kitchen in the basement, and the nice added touch of magnificent carved mahogany paneling imported from the old trading company’s French offices.
There are also laser and stargazing shows in the Planetarium, and brilliant 3-D films shown in the Mugar Omni Theater.
A little banking museum shows the way it used to be, complete with a teller’s window in the style of the bank’s foundation in 1817.
The Stampede was originally conceived to show all the techniques and excitement of rounding up cattle on the prairies.
These agricultural shows offer families the opportunity to get together and have fun, and they offer visitors a rare chance to chat with the local farming community.
All the coastal resorts offer flamenco shows for tourists.
You will also find vintage cars and stunt shows here.
Look for the word orijinal on the poster — this means that the film will be shown in its original language, with Turkish subtitles; otherwise it has been dubbed.
Alternatively, you can shine a lamp on the stone — real jade shows no reflected light.
The apartments beyond are hung with Flemish tapestries recording Charles V’s Tunis Expedition of 1535, one of them showing an upside-down map of the Mediterranean.
Also exhibited are examples of Linear B type, which was deciphered in 1952 and is of Mycenaean origin — showing that by the time the tablet was written the Minoans had lost control of the major cities.
On a six-story-high circular screen, it shows superb documentary films of spectacular natural phenomena, such as volcanic eruptions or the latest advances in earth and space exploration.
The Bermuda Department of Tourism has issued a booklet guide for visitors, with maps showing the main features of the route.
Each wing is then divided into numbered areas, which are shown on the floor plans (in color).
Most exciting of its varied collections is a display of photographs showing island scenes from before the devastating 1956 earthquake — the last major one to strike the island.
Most foreign-language films are usually dubbed into German, though some cinemas will occasionally show films in the original language.
On display alongside are the original sketches and studies showing the work that went into the final canvas.
Nightclubs range from garish girlie shows to conventional discos.
Calcutta seems to be the only other production center having any pretensions to artistic creativity at all, but ironically you’re actually more likely to see the works of Satyajit Ray or Mrinal Sen shown in Europe or North America than in India itself.
Casino Royale — Mare Nostrum Resort, <www.marenostrumresort.com>, (admission with dinner shows only).
A little museum shows you their tools, techniques, and a few molar-sized bits of gold.
The traditional Qing Dyna­sty style of the mansion is enlivened by a few West­ern touches: a Baroque-style ceiling and stained glass above the doorways, showing the builder’s up-to-date attitude at the time of construction.
As himself Vishnu is shown with four arms, holding a lotus, a club, a conch shell, and a disk, often seated on a snake, symbolizing eternity.
If gambling is not your cup of tea, allow yourself to be dazzled by one of the nightly Las Vegas–style floor shows at the Marriott, Atlantis, or the Princess.
Paolo Uccello shows a dream-like, almost surrealist obsession with his (unsolved) problems of perspective and merry-go-round horses in his Battle of San Romano (1456).
The bourgeoisie showed off its new prosperity with extravagant furnishings, silks, satins, and baubles, and in 1852 Paris opened its first department store, Au Bon Marché.
Huge representations of rulers like Ramses II illustrate the power held by the throne and by the cult of personality, though there are also tiny sculptures such as a bust of Queen Hatschepsut, which may have stood on a mantle or in a niche, showing that Egyptians were not just fixated by the epic and monumental.
When the Spaniards arrived at Huatulco in the late 1530s, the local Indians showed them a massive cross by the edge of the shore that they worshipped.
In the resorts, nightlife is focused around hotels, ranging from decent live bands, dance, and fashion shows to mimed Beatles sing-a-longs.
Just so long as you don’t object to being shown up by the resident ten-year-old experts.
Art-house and international films are shown at the Irish Film Centre in Eustace Street.
The enormous main altar, which is dedicated to St. Catherine of Alexandria, shows some scenes from the saint’s martyrdom in a series of sumptuously gilded panels.
Monuments and museums show how the buffalo-hunting Métis, the descendants of Indians and French fur traders, struggled in vain against Anglo farmers from Ontario, themselves subsequently relayed by waves of Eastern European immigrants brought in to exploit the grain wealth of the prairies.
Guided tours will show you the principal halls and chambers.
An early proponent of “make love, not war,” Rubens shows Venus restraining Mars in his vivid Consequences of War and portrays himself on the far left of his Four Philosophers (Hall 7, Mars).
Some of the bigger shows and headliner appearances (especially during major events like New Year’s Eve) exceed $100 per ticket — typical for New York City, but previously unheard of in Las Vegas.
A priest will explain the faith and show you, among the guru’s relics, his cradle, shoes, and weapons.
Shows 7:30 and 10:30pm; dark Sunday and Monday; over $50.
There are also several major theaters with an ever-changing schedule of plays, ballets, and musical performances as well as popular shows featuring international bands and singers on the tour circuit.
Shows 7:30 and 11pm; dark Wednesday and Thursday; over $60.
In King’s Square in St. George’s, the dunking stools and stocks show that being grounded isn’t the worst punishment in the world.
A pavement mosaic shows the route of Columbus’s voyage, and next to the large tree is the Casa de Aduana (the old Customs House).
If you’re not around for the ballet performances there from October to May, look out for the summer Ballet in the Park shows in Assiniboine Park, west of town off the Trans-Canada Highway.
In the center of the terrace is Georgian House, owned by the National Trust and restored in period style to show the workings of a typical Georgian household.
Most exciting of its varied collections is a display of photographs showing island scenes from before the devastating 1956 earthquake.
He was also a master of the art of conspicuous consumption, contrasting sharply with the restraint shown by the Ashikaga shoguns in their more subtle displays of wealth.
In Cave No. 16 are three holes pierced through the outer wall, showing the original positions of three Buddhas appropriated by foreign collectors; tour guides here say they are now in New York’s Metropolitan Museum.
After seeing the church, mausoleum, and library, visitors are shown through the Palacio de los Borbones (Palace of the Bourbons).
Shows 7 and 10pm; dark Sunday and Monday; $60 or less.
The self-guided Rock ’n’ Stroll Trail around Dublin, which follows in the footsteps of Irish rock legends, will appeal to teenagers, as will the interactive displays and shows at IMHF (see page 92).
Permanent displays show the fast-disappearing world of Hungarian rural life and folklore; these are underpinned by trenchant temporary exhibitions dealing with current issues, such as the lives of Budapest’s gypsies.
The house reflects the refined lifestyle enjoyed by the nobility, with azulejo panels showing falconry, displays of Chinese porcelain, and delightful gardens.
There is nothing recognizably local in the tourist areas, except for the rather bland Israeli folklore shows staged in the hotels.
El Sauzal is important for its wines, and this industry is shown to its best effect at the Casa del Vino “La Baranda” (open Tuesday–Saturday 11am–8pm and Sundays and holidays 11am–6pm, admission free).
Tickets to shows and concerts can be booked either at the venue itself or (if paying with a major credit card) by telephone from ticket agencies such as Ticketmaster (Tel.
The cathedral’s interior is a vast and noble space divided by 52 columns, showing its North European influence in the soaring columns and a decoration of stained-glass windows, from the 15th century to the present day.
To Queen Victoria, Lin addressed a famous letter, pointing out the harm the “poisonous drug” did to China, and asking for an end to the opium trade; his arguments are unanswerable, but the lofty though heartfelt tone of the letter shows how unprepared the Chinese were to negotiate with the West in realistic terms.
A Polish chapel, with a relief on its outer wall showing Jesus bearing the cross, marks the spot.
Opposite is the Teatro Donizetti and a monument showing the famous opera composer who was born here in 1797 — accompanied by the naked lady he is said always to have needed for inspiration.
Note the rock debris or rubble (moraine in the language of glaciologists) in front of the glacier showing that the Athabasca is retreating — a hundred years ago it reached to the other side of the Parkway.
(Hourly shows daily, from 10am–5pm, also available in French, German, and Italian; Sunday noon–5pm; adults IR£3, children IR£2.
The ornate Neo-Classical building no longer functions as a stock exchange, but guided tours show visitors around the opulent interior.
291/233 111), which has live music Wednesday–Saturday, and Rio Restaurant, which stages cabaret dinner shows and Brazilian samba extravaganzas (Tuesday–Saturday).
And to show just how fast Japan’s new rulers were catching on, two punitive expeditions were launched against Korea and China in the grand manner of 19th-century gunboat diplomacy.
Shows 8pm; dark Monday and Frida y; over $60.
Prehistoric stone carvings show the continuity of totemic styles.
An enormous roller-coaster rising way above the sea, space wheels, and high-diving shows guarantee a day of excitement.
With stunt spectaculars and re-creations of movie sets, this attraction shows how the finished films and animations you see on screen are created.
Like their Algonquin cousins back in the woodlands of Québec and Ontario, they showed a great talent for hunting — moose, beaver, bear, caribou, and seal — with bow and arrow, traps, and harpoon.
Two miles south of town, Plimouth Plantation shows life as it was in 1627.
Solid gold workmanship and other metal ornaments and tools showed a Greek influence, but the Etruscans’ vaulted architecture, town planning, and irrigation systems were indigenous.
There are one-armed bandits (slot machines) near the doors, the delights of roulette, blackjack, craps, and Keno further in, and everywhere huge television screens showing horse-racing and other big sporting events from all over the country.
July: Avignon, international theater, music, opera, dance, and cinema; Aix-en-Provence, opera; Arles, photography seminars, exhibitions, and audiovisual shows in amphitheater; Montpellier, music, opera, and dance (starts last week in June); Orange, opera in the amphitheater; Nice jazz; Bayonne, folklore; Paris, Festival Estival (music and theater; till September); La Rochelle, Francopholies (music festival); Prades Festival Pablo Casals (chamber music; until mid-August)
This Latin dance club features live shows each weekend with impersonators doing their best on the hottest talents of the day.
ng fund. You’ll be shown a notebook full of the names of
Local clubs and stage shows reflect such Bermudian and Caribbean traditions as steelband music, calypso, goombay, reggae, and limbo dancing, among others.
Guides in Colonial Dames’ costumes will show you around the home of Sir William Campbell, Chief Justice of Upper Canada in the 1820s.
For information on all Sound and Light shows Tel. (02) 386 3469; fax (02) 385 2880; web site <www.sound-light.egypt.com>.
The mosaic also shows the basilica with the famous bronze horses brought from Constantinople after the Crusade of 1204 (the ones over the triple-arched main entrance are copies, the originals are kept in the basilica museum since their recent restoration).
Each of these kingdoms showed cultural vitality, exporting temple-builders together with their spices and ivory to Burma, Malaysia, Cambodia, and Java.
Widespread finds of Stone Age implements in cave excavations show that Anatolia was already inhabited during the Middle of the Palaeolithic period (about 200,000 to 40,000 years ago).
Although in the end the protest was futile, it shows the strength of feeling and social awareness that pervades every part of society here.
Professional and amateur shadow-play troupes also put on shows with marionettes.
Only a few years later an Italian map showed “La Bermuda.”
The facility shows how plantations used to operate and offer a fascinating insight into agricultural life in Puerto Rico all those years ago.
The Montmartrobus spares you the walk and shows you some of the area in a single tour, but the best way to discover Montmartre at your own pace is to start early, at the top.
Floor shows keep the “naughty” image of Paris alive.
Three-dimensional models of exploding mountains and molten lava flows from all over the world are shown.
There are more than 30 cinemas in Hong Kong, and the latest Western releases are shown in some of the larger ones.
The monks of the convent are often happy to show you around their rooms.
Above her underground palace, inside a sacrificial hall, is a wax museum showing Cixi in full regalia as Goddess of Mercy (her favorite Buddhist deity).
02-671 8281), stages regular folklore shows in an old caravanserai, as well as hosting a theatre and the city’s one and only nightclub; the Kiryat Anavim Kibbutz Hotel (11km/7 miles out of town; tel. 02-534 8999) hosts an enjoyable evening of dance every Friday with music of the 1960s.
Within the Aquarium is an area called the Dig, a spectacular underwater environment complete with sunken “treasures,” vast stone columns, fallen temples, and godlike figures, all intended to show what Atlantis might look like while being excavated.
With just as much gusto as they’d shown in the past for wrecking, privateering, and blockade running, Bahamians took to the seas with illegal liquor.
There are also alternatives to gambling — the big casinos offer live stage shows with all kinds of entertainment, from major singing stars to leggy extravaganzas like the Folies Bergères to world-title boxing matches.
Strategic lighting shows the formations to their best effect — and nature at its most awe-inspiring.
The shikaras will also show you carpets, silks, shawls, brassware, jewels, and carvings — and tailors’ establishments with names like Savile Roy, recalling their old British allegiance.
Wearing a towel and bath-clogs, you will be shown to the steamy marble washroom, where buckets of hot water will be poured over you before an attendant sets to work with a coarse glove, removing dirt and dead skin and leaving you pink and glowing.
One commemorates the Peace of Munster and shows a Spanish official handing over the charter recognizing the independent Dutch State.
At their best, the popes and cardinals replaced military conquest by moral leadership and persuasion; at their worst, they could show the same hunger for political power and worldly wealth as any caesar or grand duke.
As evidence of the “ever-faster” nature of the city, by the middle of the 1990s the new approach showed signs of backlash, with many visitors criticizing the mediocrity of the Las Vegas experience.
Aside from the stunning views, Santorini has much more to show its visitors.
The cave on Dragon Bone Hill, where Peking Man lived 690,000 years ago, showed evidence of a community numbering up to 40 individuals.
Recent archeological findings show six different cultures lived in the area, with settlements dating back to 300 b.c.
The province’s ethnic groups are shown in traditional costume and old homesteads; special emphasis is given to Manitoba’s Indians and a Métis buffalo hunt.
Its sensual, feminine sculptures show significant Tantric Hindu influence.
Shows 7:30 and 10:30pm Tuesday, Wednesday, Saturday; 9pm Thursday and Friday; dark Sunday and Monday; $50–80.
Reconstructions of workshops, pubs, and family rooms show how people lived in previous eras, augmented by written and oral testimonies from townsfolk and a 20-minute introductory video.
Palma dominates the island — a glance at the map shows how the island’s road system radiates from the city — but it is a world far removed from the mountain villages of the northwest, the small towns of the interior, and the tourist-ruled coastal villas.
In addition, the museum shows around 300 objects dating from Classical, Hellenic, and Roman Greece including a collection of finely preserved bronze vessels.
There is a good choice of cinemas, showing mainstream English-language films.
The Gothic sculpture shows the doge kneeling before St. Mark’s lion, flanked by Prudence above Temperance in niches on the left, and Fortitude above Charity on the right.
Leonardo’s Annunciation (1472–1477) of a few years later already shows his characteristic gentle tone and feeling for precise detail, and the Adoration of the Magi, even as an underdrawing left unfinished by his departure for Milan (1481), reveals his revolutionary power of psychological observation.
It has close to 300 paintings on view, showing the Valencian impressionist’s favorite seaside scenes and landscapes.
Children can enjoy donkey rides, puppet shows in spring and summer, and model boats on the circular ponds.
Puppet Shows.
To the right the walls are carved with scenes from the life of Queen Hatshepsut including her divine birth where her mother is shown being attended by Heket, the frog-headed midwife god, watched over by Amun himself.
Traveling south from Stella Maris you’ll pass uninhabited mangrove swamps on the way to the small town of Simms, an unhurried old settlement known for its distinctive straw-work, which craftswomen are delighted to show visitors.
And this president ought to show some leadership and admit it, and come to some sort of negotiated end."
The latter has been found for the Glycine Antagonist in Neuroprotection (GAIN) trials, which showed no effect on clinical or MRI surrogate outcomes [ 33, 34].
Nightclubs (salas de fiesta) usually stage two shows an evening, one at about midnight or 1am and the other around 3am.
Many of the city’s churches, palaces, and museums still show signs of ongoing reconstruction and restoration after the devastating earthquake of 1980.
But there's still something wonderful about the speed with which theaters that normally would have had four screens showing Deep Blue Sea adopted Blair Witch instead.
Further, high salt eluate from GSTORC2 and GSTORC4 (GST fusion protein containing human origin recognition complex subunit 1 and 2 respectively) also showed DNA binding activity (data not shown).
Many of the 14 Stations of the Cross, the marked points which show Jesus’s progress along the street, are highly disputed.
The debate included little sparring and much criticism of George W. Bush for not showing up.
As shown in Table 1, at the p = 0.0027 threshold there were six and two signals for the hospital and residential analyses, respectively, compared to one expected in each.
Evidence of early water piping, central heating, and sanitation shows a remarkable sophistication — look for the toilet room next to the Queens chamber for evidence of a flushing system!
In other sessions, they were required to confess their own biases and were shown videos from the Oprah Winfrey Racism Series .
Previous genetic studies have shown that heterogeneous pathways exist for breast cancer progression [ 15, 16].
It’s easy to tell that they are not: Printed patterns don’t penetrate fully to the other side, while the real batik will show thin veins of color where the dye runs along tiny cracks in the wax (printed versions may try to simulate this).
Interestingly, fission yeast caa1/csn1 deletion mutants show a set of defects, which partially overlaps that found in pcu3 disruptants: slow growth, cell elongation, and sensitivity to UV-irradiation, but not hydroxyurea [ 6, 21].
Street theater, face painting, and hands-on art shows will keep up their enthusiasm and interest.
Oxygen.Comedy, 6-8 p.m. "It all starts off with two unorthodox game shows including our take on the classic I've Got a Secret ."-- Retread game shows?
Bivariate analyses of smoking status showed that among the inflammatory risk factors, unadjusted C-reactive protein, white blood cell count, and fibrinogen were all significantly and positively associated with smoking status ( p <0.
Shows last up to four hours, but you can buy cheaper balcony tickets for just part of the program.
The author, Jeff Benedict, claims that a study he helped conduct shows that 1 out of 5 NFL players has been charged with a serious crime.
The results for body weight in the second column of Table 2showed that men were significantly heavier than women.
Shows 7:30 and 10:30pm Wednesday–Monday; dark Tuesday; $45–60.
Several members of Congress showed up, and President Clinton applauded the men for promising "to reassume their responsibilities to the families."
Figure 3shows the data flow in and out of Gadfly.
Empty platforms still show where temples once stood.
This week the producers at Fox News advertise an upcoming dialogue on the Bush cocaine controversy by playing the popular '80s dance song "White Lines" and showing footage of a protester running across a street carrying a sign that reads, "Snort."
An examination of the pairwise alignments generated by these searches showed that all these proteins shared a characteristic set of residues, including two highly conserved aromatic residues at the N- and C-termini, respectively, and two consecutive acidic residues near the C-terminus.
Shows 7:30 and 11pm; dark Wednesday and Thursday; over $100.
The Post also says that much-bruited-about DNA test turned out to show that the kid in Arkansas is definitely not Bill Clinton's "love child."
Randomized trials and observational studies have conclusively shown a marked improvement in several cardiovascular risk factors when obese individuals lose weight, including decreases in blood pressure, and improvements in the lipid profile and glucose metabolism.
Within the complex—dedicated to Hathor, her “cows head” form decorates the columns of the Hypostyle Hall — is a sanctuary where Ramses and Nefertari made offerings to the gods, and one showing the Pharaoh himself worshipping his deified wife.
You can show mathematically that $6 a year forever and $1 this year plus $1.
For example, this agent is a potent inhibitor of microglia, the macrophage-like cells in the central nervous system [ 47 48 49 ] and shown to be effective in reducing the symptoms of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE), an animal model for the human disease multiple sclerosis [ 50 ] . Together, these results suggest that this agent may be useful in preventing ocular diseases that result from oxidative stress or inflammation.
Rooms 7–35 concentrate on sculpture — perhaps the greatest collection of ancient sculpture in the world — and these are displayed to show the chronological development of the art form.
Microsoft's Internet Explorer 4.0 will provide an "Active Desktop," which shows "pushed" content right there behind your Windows windows.
Just as early studies showed islet transplantation's promise, research must now overcome the hurdles revealed by the recent islet transplant experience.
But as its obstinately independent spirit has shown, even after the Florentine conquest of 1555 — a spirit epitomized by its lusty Palio tournament — the town is not without vigor.
I e-mailed Northwest spokeswoman Marta Laughlin, who responded first by questioning J.D.'s motivation: "The writer's remarks about the 'plane never showing up' and 'raising red flags' cause me to question his story.
In addition, Cdc14 remained nucleolar in cdc5-1 net1▲ net1(7m)-myc9 cells (data not shown), suggesting that the release event was still regulated properly.
Shows 7:30 and 10:30pm; dark Sunday; $35 or less.
Gore shows a similar gift for information-free discourse in his comment on the FALN clemency controversy, quoted in the WP : "The proper course of action is to wait to review the analysis now underway that will be presented to the White House later this week and I'll defer judgment until that time."
In this study, we show that HIV proteins may synergize with drugs such as methamphetamine and cocaine to cause neurotoxicity.
These shows can be entertaining, but the performances are more show business than the true spirit of flamenco.
They showed their faith by shoving billions into Asian equity markets, while foreign banks contentedly handed out billions in loans.
This was further confirmed for 129/SV mice by the lack of an IAP element in genomic sequence from this region as well (data not shown).
Now the two-tiered Yangzi River Bridge (Changjiang Daqiao) is proudly shown to tourists as a triumph of the new China.
But the people welfare reform will push most successfully into the private sector are those who now never show up at the welfare office in the first place because they realize they'll do better just getting a job.
A recent paper has shown that communication via tiny cell protrusions might be a more common mechanism than previously expected (Rustom et al.
If the last few elections have shown anything, it is that voters don't like cuts; if the deficit evaporates, the demand for cuts--and reforms--evaporates with it.
Film sequences from other cultures show small late-arising structures moving over great distances amongst large structures that remain in place or move only very slightly.
Berlin showed its sense of the times with its mastery of film, the 20th-century art form.
Next day, showing them off to my landlord, I was gently told that the correct word was “damasquinas,” with its exotic evocation of damask and Damascus.
However, the proteins were shown to bind Ca +. We included proteins with sequence similarity to these proteins in Table 3. We did not include these proteins in the total number of EF-hand proteins nor in the phylogenetic analysis.
Tibet did fall to the Chinese in 11 days, and an incident shown in the film as crucial to the success of the invasion was indeed definitive--when, in a startling act of cowardice, Ngabo Ngawang Jigme (played in the movie by B.D.
These microarrays contained three bacterial probes which were designed to hybridize to each of the four spiked transcripts, for a total of twelve signals (six shown in Figure 2Aand six shown in Figure 2B) which were measured at each serial dilution.
As befits a city which every February hosts a major International Film Festival, Berlin is endowed with a huge number of cinemas, showing a variety of films ranging from the usual Hollywood blockbusters to avant-garde works of art.
These lawyers advised them not to submit to formal, videotaped police interviews until the police agreed to show the Ramseys copies of the statement they had made to police the day of the murder.
The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%; lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%; enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and friends.
By lending credence to the Lewinsky charges, and treating Clinton's familiar defenses as the lies and half-lies they seem to be, Stephanopoulos shows he's not a fool.
If they show up for deposition and begin to testify about an article about June 14th, --
It is for that purpose, and it's also to show that Ms. Geesey talked about the statements that were made in this letter at this time.
But I think the deeper admiration is for the guts McCain showed in his Vietnamese captivity and which he's shown consistently ever since.
Figure 1shows the parameter regions in which population heterozygote advantage is expected and those in which the contrary is expected: homozygotes on average are more likely to have a favorable disease course.
1. A light wooden structure for shows at fairs.
The arsC phylogenies obtained by evolutionary distance (ED) analysis (Figure 2) and maximum parsimony (MP; Figure 3) showed a number of broad similarities to the 16S rRNA tree.
The Holy Bible showed the secret;
A little research here would show that no one votes in Saudi Arabia, be they men or women, because it's a monarchy, and voting's not really in.
Because an important surveillance goal is to detect certain events, such as an anthrax exposure, as rapidly as possible, we show daily, rather than weekly, counts in Figure 4. The left hand panel, with over 1,400 data points, also makes evident the overall seasonal variation in disease incidence, though with considerably more scatter.
You ask someone to show you how to return or you pray to God or Buddhas to help you, but you still can't get home.
7) Glass showed superior cleverness by fabricating less perfect quotes.
"This action by queer, transgender and intersex activists loudly demonstrates our collective outrage at what is occurring in hospitals around the country five times a day to non-consenting children We acted to show the lies in the twisting of "Sexual Orientation" and "Gender Identity and/or Expression," Medicalization of Anatomy, and the insistence of society to place people in the binary sex model, wherein a man is a man and expresses masculine characteristics, while a woman is a woman and expresses feminine characteristics, and their sexual dichotomy exists for procreation.
And I believe that whatever asperity I may have shown in the column is justified by the astonishing fact that he really doesn't understand that.
Our semi-quantitative analysis of RARB gene expression by RT-PCR showed down-regulated expression in all the eight cell lines analyzed whether or not the promoter methylated (Fig.
The Kenyans are shown moving to protect each other as the tv clicks off.
The windows and gates represent the spirit of openness and cooperation of the new confederation, we are told, while the bridge is a metaphor, as Bill Clinton showed, guaranteed not to go over the heads of the populace of any continent.
This approach is shown in Figure 4-2.
Simpson-- to O.J. , meaning "to slash"--shows some signs of acceptance among teen-agers ( O.J. had a previous life as an eponym, denoting a big car of the kind Simpson drove in his commercials for Hertz.
Incubation with anti-β1 'activating antibody' TS2/16 (not shown) did not mimic the effects of manganese on α4β1-CD98 association.
Naturally he had no sketch to show us, but nothjng could have better rounded off our actual conception of him than the way he fell into position as we approached (…) We stayed while the exhibition went on, and the conscious profiles of the peaks might to our apprehension have been interested in his success.
Meanwhile, an anonymous source tells the NYT , in a story run inside, that a re-examination of the flight data recorder shows the plane to be "rock steady," with no hint of mechanical failure, before its fatal dive.
Though krill populations showed big fluctuations in the early years, their average numbers were higher over a longer period, explains Volker Siegel, a krill biologist with the Sea Fisheries Research Institute in Hamburg, Germany, who worked with Atkinson.
He has been suspicious of her since she began to show signs of what he was convinced was a male mind.
They noted that when Saudi intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal asked Omar to do this last year, the Taliban leader retorted sharply, "You should show respect for your religion.
The chromatin remodeling complex ISWI (SNF2h) has been shown to be essential for cohesin to localize to Alu repeats (certain DNA sequences) in human cells [44].
. . Thus the loss of China and Cuba and the loss now of Vietnam not only encourages other oppressed peoples (such as the blacks) by showing what the alternative is and that it can be won, but also costs the imperialists billions of dollars which they then have to take out of the oppression of these other peoples.
These unflinching documentaries of the Vietnam War, shows devoted to militant black politics, and Naderesque consumer programs (Nader even hosted a show) sealed public TV's reputation as "left-dominated, elitist, minority-radical," as Ledbetter puts it.
For the vertebrate Runx genes, only exons downstream of the proximal promoters are shown.
We'll show the Blairs and Cheneys
The one problem with all this: despite the apparent oddity of the home run ball case, not one of these horrified public servants has shown why it isn't a perfectly straightforward application of the gift tax.
There was no detectable human IL-10 signal in the non-transfected cell medium (control), nor any mouse IL-10 ( data not shown ). However, the medium from the IL-10 transfected SVEC medium showed a large and significant increase in the IL-10 concentration (1209 ± 2 pg/ml) at 48 h after IL-10 gene transfection (Figure 1).
The whole molecular contraption, our first hypothetical autonomous agent, is shown in Figure 3.4.
This shows a young Lincoln before his status as an American legend.
"It was the caption for last Tuesday's Family Circus , where Dolly is showing Jeffy the family crack pipe."
Barcelona is hardly Madrid or Seville when it comes to tablaos—live flamenco performances, though a few shows target the tourist trade: Tablao Flamenco Cordobés (Las Ramblas, 35; Tel. 93/317 66 53) is the most popular and predictable, while El Patio Andaluz (Aribau, 242; Tel 93/209 33 78) also puts on sevillanas, more traditional southern-style singing and dancing.
Another population-based study from San Francisco showed no excess of lung cancer among a cohort of men with AIDS [ 27 ] . The Italian Cooperative Study Group described 19 cases of HIV-associated lung cancer - 16 in tobacco smokers [ 28 ] . More recent studies have indicated an increase in incidence of primary lung cancer in patients with HIV infection [ 22 29 ] . Although there was no case of adenocarcinoma in the PIP study, it is the predominant cell type of bronchogenic carcinoma in patients with HIV infection [ 22 26 30 ] . The Pulmonary Complications of HIV Infection Study Group has shown upper respiratory infection and bronchitis to be common in patients with HIV infection [ 3 ] . Because the PIP study included only hospitalized patients, minor respiratory problems were likely to have been ignored.
This means our commitment to quality is shown backstage, as nationally known professional designers and directors create the exciting theatre you enjoy.
Context isn't everything, but it's worth noting that the TV channel that shows the most violence is the History Channel, with its endless replaying of World War II: I have not heard anyone say that is an encouragement to crime.
This holds true for The Wizard of Oz , too; certainly most of it has escaped the attention of most people, even though they might have watched the annual television showing for decades.
The NYT states that when Albright shows up on Tuesday, she will "read the riot act" to Yassir Arafat about cracking down on terrorism.
Then, there are the thought-clichés such as the inclusion of Cleopatra even though all the credible scholarship shows that it was extremely unlikely that she was of African descent.
An opinion poll published in the Jerusalem Post Wednesday showed 32 percent of Israelis in favor of the mosque and 68 percent against.
The book marshaled mountains of evidence to show that Hill was telling the truth when she said Thomas sexually harassed her and that Thomas was lying when he denied it.
The completely cynical spin: It really is just a contingency plan, showing once again how gutless and unrealistic they are.
With 14 million subscribers and minority stakes in everything from the Learning Channel to Time Warner, he has the resources to be patient, and the experience of the last four years shows he has the will to be patient as well.
Both the NYT and LAT front a Waco revelation made yesterday by a California congressman: Information showing that the FBI used combustible tear gas canisters at Waco has been in the DOJ's possession "for years" and was even sent to Congress no later than 1995.
While right-wing and left-wing groups have helped trumpet the two women's causes, nobody has shown convincingly that either side trumped up the accusations.
The fact that he separated the races shows that he did not intend the races to mix."
Pedigree completes its metaphor with the Old French pied de grue `crane's foot,' the three-branched print of the foot of a crane being similar to the lines showing ancestry on a genealogical chart.
Petrovic said he had signed up as a cleanser when the war started to show his disgust for NATO.
The New York Times leads with favorable new polls for the Clinton camp: A NYT /CBS poll shows that the President's approval ratings have risen since the release of his videotaped grand jury testimony.
The Times says Hutchinson made some fresh points out of familiar details, and then the paper clearly states them: 1) In response to the White House claim that any help given to Monica Lewinsky in her job search was not a quid pro quo because the help preceded Lewinsky's role in the Paula Jones case, Hutchinson showed how nonetheless the job search assistance effort became markedly more urgent once she did have such a role; 2) To the White House claim that President Clinton could not have been attempting to sway Betty Currie's testimony because his odd conversation with her took place before she was called as a witness, Hutchinson observed that Clinton had just been questioned at length in the Jones deposition about Currie and hence it was clear to him then that she was likely to be called; 3) To the White House claim that President Clinton's denial of a sexual relationship with Lewinsky was literally true because of the odd definition of such relations he was presented with, Hutchinson points out that Lewinsky's denial predates the appearance of that definition and hence should be considered a common sense falsehood that Clinton encouraged.
One aim of "Objects of Desire" is to show how the same objects in the limited repertory of still life--wine bottles and fruits, pipes and shaving kits--take on very different meanings, public and private, over time.
Clothes in historical movies can show the really distant past as a friendly foreign land, perhaps even a lot like the here and now.
Lewis has a lot of fun showing how fuzzy the concept is at the beginning, but by the end of the book, Healtheon is an actual company with an actual product that does ...
And late in the week, Fox Family Channel is showing What's Eating Gilbert Grape (Fri.
In place of the good nature and quick wit he has shown in all the past, he was anxious, defensive, and far from lucid.
But, says the WP , the Pentagon now admits the video was shown to reporters at three times normal speed.
If he is right, then those who show it at all are merely genuflecting in the direction of the purists.
By lending credence to the Lewinsky charges, and treating Clinton's familiar defenses as the lies and half-lies they seem to be, Stephanopoulos shows he's not a fool.
A series of photos shot through a restaurant window shows the Titanic star slurping up his pasta.
The first half of Ravenous shows why Robert Carlyle deserves a film career.
So Special Agent Larry Cockell might be at the federal courthouse this morning to answer Starr's questions, although the Post says Cockell may be advised not to show up.
Take, for instance, the two pictures shown above.
It shouldn't be too difficult, because men are always showing her their dicks ("I'm up to two dicks a day").
(Incidentally, for whatever reasons, dictionaries published by Oxford University Press either do not list malakia or show it but avoid including any reference to masturbation.)
Everyone wondered why Syrian President Hafez Assad didn't show up for the funeral (see "" for more).
Well, we'll show them what harassment really is.
As a result of my conversation with her and subsequent reports that showed she had tried to enlist the help of someone else in her lie that the President sexually harassed her, I now do not believe that what she claimed happened really happened.
Still, both cases show that in the buzzing, blooming confusion that is the economy it is all too easy for those who would make economic predictions to be right for the wrong reasons, and conversely.
Some of the smaller dictionaries, from the MW-III and the Random House Unabridged on down through the college and desk sizes, contain etymologies reflecting up-to-date scholarship but these works may not be particularly user-friendly: after all, surveys have shown that etymological information is that least frequently sought by dictionary users, so it ill behooves publishers to devote a great deal of expensive space to it.
Surveillance videotape showed that 56 percent drifted off for at least six minutes while traveling over 45 miles per hour.
The citations are shown to add explanatory information to the definitions as well as context, not, as in the OED , as attempts at establishing earliest recorded evidence.
The Palestinians, who grabbed the moral high ground when Netanyahu sabotaged negotiations, have so far shown little willingness to moderate their demands.
USAT 's front-page "snapshot" shows how Americans rank various high-profile crimes for qualification as the "Crime of the Century."
"Showing America a New Way Home" is the slogan.
The latest circulation audit shows that nine of the nation's fifteen largest newspapers recorded an increase in daily circulation, reports the WP . And nearly two-thirds of all papers with circulations over 200,000 recorded gains.
I put in the sound of cartilage being crunched and show the bright red blood pouring out of someone's nose, and I give you a close up of the other person's broken fingers beginning to swell.
And he is often shown entwined in fishing-buddy affection with the departed Lenin, whose will actually called for Stalin's removal as general secretary, though it was suppressed.
They feel it shows that Bradley is not just another scheming pol.
Reformers said the ruling showed the court's openness to an overhaul of campaign-finance laws.
(The LAT and the Washington Post appear to be the only papers with reporters in Izmut, and it shows.)
It might be nice for NBC to be able to produce and own its own shows (as it already does with Dateline and the Tonight Show ).
As far as the numerologists are concerned, the other nominees shouldn't even have bothered to show up on Emmy night.
The practical effect of that will be that the New York Times , the trial lawyers, the labor unions, and the Sunday shows will have all the influence over the presidential campaign from about March [until the election].
Take the story in England that has been running for the past two weeks and more--the revelation that Jeffrey Archer, the famous novelist and a Tory parliamentary whip, who had announced his Conservative candidacy for the mayor of London, was shown to have lied and covered up a liaison with a prostitute a dozen years ago.
In the front matter we are told that if “a related word is mentioned but no date is shown for it,.
(Similarly, the recent increase in the number of amusement park deaths may show not that amusement parks are more dangerous than they used to be, but that more people go to them; though if more people are spending vacation time at amusement parks , as compared with, say, spending them at art museums , that may be making their vacations more dangerous in the aggregate.)
Gore's problem, therefore, is not that he is a "beta" (vice presidents--even Lyndon Johnson--must be) or that he is reserved (so was Lincoln), but that hiring a Dick Morris hanger-on like Naomi Wolf and trying to hide it shows a "stunning lapse in intelligence," a daft inability to perceive what will mobilize and what will alienate the voters.
(Immigration and Naturalization Service estimates show that 5.8 million of the 10.
It published figures showing that "the French suffer more frequently than was thought from sexual failure."
** Though Gore does have an ironic, Boomerish sense of humor, he shows so little of it to the public that he might as well not have one.
I was about to say that studies showed no connection.
In the film's most self-consciously poetic set piece, Ricky shows Lester's dour daughter Jane--in whom he recognizes a kindred spirit--a video of a plastic bag fluttering up, down, and around on invisible currents of wind.
A few carp that Finnegan's dry prose shows how far literary journalism has fallen from the pyrotechnics of its originators, such as Tom Wolfe.
It effectively overturns an FDA plan that required anyone under 26 to show identification before buying cigarettes, banned cigarette vending machines from most public places, and kept tobacco billboards away from schools.
She thus shows the elitist, paternalist (and shallow) roots of Franklin's progressivism, his tendency to compromise, the personalism of his program.
While it's true that, overall, these data show that money doesn't dramatically affect the distribution of happiness, let's examine some of the nuances.
The FBI, or whoever, said that showed he was not loyal and not qualified.
I didn't suffer booty fatigue or gluteal nerve-damage after leaving the theater showing The Iron Giant . There's a resolute quality to all of this cinematic sprawl that hurts filmmakers.
The justification offered by museum directors for shows that double as highbrow advertisements is, Hey, get real, that's the only way museums can afford to get expensive stuff inside its walls.
Shots of a politically correct mix of kids, of a mother with her teen-age daughter, of an adult reading to a youngster, are followed by a series that shows the first couple interacting with the children on whose behalf they are crusading.
The television coverage is all too average as well: Lots of Johnny on the spots, excitedly telling what they know "at this point" (not much) and second-guessing themselves by telling TV Land which neighborhood the police are searching, then showing the neighborhood from a helicopter, then deciding that it was a boneheaded move to show where, exactly, the police are hunting (let's not let the shooter know where the cops are!)
Though I do not show yet, I am due in the spring."
Penned by Stanford sleep expert Dr. William Dement, the editorial pointed to previous work showing sleep loss harmed performance just as much as alcohol did.
But still, I had many meetings with him, and he showed no signs of distraction or impatience.
However, a 1991 study in the Journal of Studies on Alcohol from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety showed otherwise.
Tucker Carlson ( Late Edition ) and O'Beirne think McCain's and Bush's balancing acts show that the pro-life movement is still to be reckoned with.
A study in Baltimore and Philadelphia showed that kids who ate a free school breakfast each morning got higher grades and were better behaved than their nonbreakfast-eating peers.
The New York Times said Clinton "showed plenty of spine."
Foster might have attended to the poems and shown how willfully they use place-names (and in the later verse, Yeats' famous friends' names) to erect the mansion of Irish literature.
FBI documents show that the use of incendiary tear gas at Waco was disclosed in 1995.
In fact, a full-page newspaper ad detailing NBC's abject surrender to the hijacking of all its news shows touts two different interviews with the former general.
Kaye clinches the case by showing Derek in the shower having a vision of himself and his brother as innocent children on the beach, staring in wonderment at seagulls.
Shattered into nose lips eyes do my jittering faces swarm like harbingers of the demon in my own last act who takes off his hood and shows me my signature signed in blood ...
USA Today goes with a study released yesterday showing that the insurance costs of businesses are rising--at nearly three times the rate of inflation--but because of the tight labor market, companies are absorbing most of the added costs.
English in Quebec shows much evidence of creolization.
It is for this reason that Census Bureau data for the last 50 years show no evidence of any change in the employment size distribution of firms and establishments.
One reason for this is that Madonna's pregnancy during shooting required her Dior finery to mask her thickening midsection, whereas photos of Evita in the clothes show that her slimness and tiny waist--maintained both by will and by deteriorating health--were a strong focus of her visual appeal.
"Experience shows there's a set amount of money that communities have been willing to spend on education," Gore argued on Meet the Press . "If you drain the money away from the public schools for private vouchers, then that hurts the public schools."
Those writing about stress showed the most improvement.
O'Keeffe, initially puzzled by the young Japanese artist's ambitions, told her to show her work to anyone willing to look at it.
There is no place in it, however, for Matt Groening's Life in Hell . Groening's friend Lynda Barry (whose work often shows up next to his in the pages of alternative weeklies across the land) gets the nod for her brilliant Ernie Pook's Comeek (No.
Consider the movie: what script writer would show us Minor copying out words from a 1693 volume called the Compleat Woman rather than a remorseful and forgiving grapple with a tipsy Mrs. Merritt?
The syllabication of Modigliani is shown as \?\ rather than/, \?\ and the execrable) often-heard \?\ is not shown.
Rather than pardon the poor fool, Henry has him killed in order to show the French that his is an orderly army that means them no real harm.
The LAT reports that officials of Wilbur Wright Community College in Chicago say that their records show Lawrence was enrolled there at the time of the Bushnell sinking.
However, says the source, it's customary to leave such mail unsealed to show nothing illegal is being sent.
"My dentist showed me these disgusting color charts and told me, 'You're an A2 now, but by the time you want to get married you are going to be an A4.
Watching this sequence, I thought of the late David Niven, who, during the 1974 Academy Awards ceremony, saw a streaker charge across the stage and brought the house down with an ad-lib about the fellow "showing off his shortcomings."
This is an economy, after all, that is doing well but not great, that is still growing slowly in historical terms, and that has still not shown significant evidence of a real boom in productivity (with the notable exception of the manufacturing sector).
The revived awards show also gets credit, especially its emcee, Rosie O'Donnell, who proselytizes incessantly for the Great White Way.
Are you sure you aren't thinking of, say, "Precious" (with its "fuck off" line) or "Tattooed Love Boys" (with Hynde's quip "I shot my mouth off/And you showed me what that hole was for")?
<i>Shasta McCrackhead</i> and Other Lost TV Shows
The patterns show up in comparisons between countries (such as Spain and Switzerland) and in comparisons between regions within countries (such as East Anglia and Yorkshire, or Iowa and Nevada), and they show up whether you look at snapshots in time or at trends that span decades.
(I enthused about DiCaprio when the sour Celebrity opened the New York Film Festival in September; since it shows up in theaters this week, you might want to click here so that I don't have to quote myself.)
Picasso, the younger artist, was constantly trying to get Matisse's attention by showing off, stealing from his work, and rudely parodying him.
Clinton lawyers claim this shows he did not instruct Lewinsky to return gifts to his secretary in defiance of a court order.
A NYT /CBS poll shows approval at around 70% for the job Clinton is doing and slightly below 50% for the man himself.
The world's papers showed no reluctance to pontificate on Monday's Indonesian elections.
Any bit could be taken out of context and shown at the Academy Awards.
The photo on the cover of One Man's Garden shows him in front of his green, murky pond.
But show me someone like the Wu-Tang Clan--whom Miller groups with Manson as "musically crude, gleefully obscene, and just plain silly" (as well as "the triumph of the psychopathic adolescent")--and I think Miller's simply not listening.
The recently face-lifted Fawcett was, according to the Enquirer , "dazed and confused" and "giggly to the point of being silly" at the festival, where she was promoting her latest film, The Apostle . The Star reports she canceled a scheduled press conference and never showed up at a party with the movie's star, Robert Duvall.
In "Today's Papers," Scott Shuger points out that Moesha ranked 124 th of 139 shows but was nonetheless renewed for another season--yet another instance of the relentless creep of affirmative action.
Birn also shows how Goldhagen's insistence on German complicity leads him to soft-pedal the anti-Semitism of the Germans' collaborators, referring obliquely to the "pressures operating on the Ukrainians that did not exist for the Germans."
The mayor of Washington showed up, and the coach of the Redskins, and then, to snarl traffic once and for all, the president of the United States came rolling up in his motorcade.
As the political eyes of the world turn to watch whether the heavily favored, Bill Clinton-like Tony Blair and his Labor Party trounce the long-ruling Conservatives and their stiff Prime Minister John Major, some snazzy Web sites are waiting to show them what's really going on.
The foreman of the jury, asked if they had agreed upon their verdict replied, We have well considered the evidence, and, although we think grave suspicion is attached to the prisoner, we do not think there is sufficient evidence to show how or by whom the chloroform was administered.
Also, the angry portrait of Helen shows that, all feminist claims on Stein notwithstanding, she was as capable of misogyny as any man.
Most people who patronize the lottery, the track, or the slot machines end up poorer, with nothing to show for the transaction--which is also true of people who eat in restaurants and attend concerts.
Earlier this month, the Democratic Leadership Council released a new poll purporting to show that Democratic voters support the DLC's "centrist" agenda.
Having been the most hawkish in Europe throughout the war, the British press has started to show small signs of defeatism.
Saramago's women tend to be motherly souls who either sweetly have sex with the men or else show them how to settle down.)
Huge is shown as [hūj] but humour is pronounced [ū'mur]; adagio is shown as [adā'jē-ō], and accompany and similarly spelled words are shown with geminate consonants, e.g., [akkum'pa-ne].
"If we bomb, it won't be to impose a solution, as we don't have one, but because of a need for Clinton to show signs of international political life after his many setbacks, because of the CNN effect that renders intolerable humanitarian tragedies shown on television at the expense of all other ones, and in order to save what little credibility remains to NATO in the Balkans."
Tarses, who revitalized NBC with shows like Friends , was supposed to do the same for struggling ABC.
Charles Krauthammer blamed it on "all those nature shows."
Most programs flash polls showing Bradley even with Gore in New Hampshire and New York.
But USAT 's news section cover story on bank mergers says it flat-out: "surveys show that big banks charge higher fees," and backs that assertion up with several data bullets.
It's full of keen insights and dazzling supplementary photos showing many of the shoes at work.
Time reports on a new study showing that kids have less free time than ever before: They spend most of their waking hours on school, homework, and organized sports.
Let me show you how the American people in the end viewed your performance as independent counsel.
Another sign might be the disappearance of ads like the one in the latest issue of Talk that shows a gorgeous model pouring Evian water into a goldfish bowl.
(There's also a chart showing which foods are good for eating off which body parts.)
Explainer plans to offer $100 to any reporter who can show her that James Carville made a legally enforceable offer.
The Times says some Democrats have told the White House Clinton needs to show he's more concerned about impeachment than about protecting himself from post-presidential prosecution.
It added, "Although the US was the first Western country to criticise the system, warning of far-reaching regional and international consequences, the warmth demonstrated by Washington over the past few years shows considerable tolerance."
[ 7 ] Women have also been shown to have greater willingness to acknowledge and report illness.
Although the Museu da Baleia (Whale Museum) shows a video of a whale hunt in 1978, the owner is the epitome of a poacher turned gamekeeper.
For 40 years, McBain has been a lively and gritty chronicler of New York City life and helped inspire TV cop shows such as Homicide , NYPD Blue , and Hill Street Blues .
Further work is needed to help physicians to understand their patients' views on hepatitis C. A recent study showed that persons with hepatitis C preferred to expedite periods of poor health, implying that they may be more likely to proceed with antiviral therapy and its attendant side effects than to delay treatment [ 19 ] . In contrast, the physicians in the current survey had a relatively high threshold for recommending treatment, which would lead them to postpone therapy in the majority of cases.
Poles are dedicated moviegoers, so in the cities you’ll find plenty of subtitled Western films on the marquees competing with home-grown product, showing at good, Dolby sound-equipped theaters.
The New York Times said the exchange showed that Mrs. Clinton was "nudging her husband a bit to the left."
Other fetal and adult tissues were also assessed in these crosses, and showed a maternal expression bias, but weaker than that observed in fetal liver (data not shown).
Shows 9pm Sunday–Thursday; 8 and 11pm Saturday; dark Friday; $60 or less.
3) The Fayed family's lawyer claims photographs show the driver was dazzled by a camera flash before the accident.
Fans of disco (which is not a dying fad in Beijing) have made the Hot Spot (south of the Jiangguang New World Hotel) the hottest dance venue in town, with stage shows and caged dancers going strong every night until 2am.
The New York Times says, "Tape Shows Nation a Clinton Irate and Sad."
The vast painting behind the stage shows Daniel Webster and John Calhoun arguing over the Union.
Perhaps The Treasure of the Sierra Madre was showing in Cambridge that weekend and each economist realized that he would always have to worry about the other two guys.
In addition, we saw examples where a lateral split during outgrowth ( [ 17 ] (data not shown)).
After his notorious arrest by the Hollywood vice squad in 1995, Hugh Grant showed up on talk shows to promote a new film and--it couldn't be avoided--offer an explanation for his "crime."
and C.L.C, data not shown).
Shows 7:30 and 10pm; dark Thursday; $40–60.
Being able to provide lavishly for a large number of children shows that you've really got it made.
The Romans occupied this region in the first century a.d. , but there is very little evidence to show that they actually conquered it.
Besides, as Goda and Weinberg have both shown at TomPaine.com, Hitler did plan for war with America.
This is consistent with observations in other settings where tuberculosis has been shown to occur more among younger females than males, and in persons of lower body mass indices [ 22 ] . However, in our study cohort, female patients had higher serum β 2 microglobulin levels at the time of diagnosis with tuberculosis, suggesting a possibly higher HIV burden [ 23 24 ] , than male patients despite comparable CD4 lymphocyte counts.
Buddha’s steadfast resistance to temptation gave the painters of that time a splendid pretext to show the sensual side of court life as a foil to the Master’s spirituality.
Nash showed up for an MIT New Year's Eve party clad only in a diaper.
As shown in Figure 2, cells attach well to fibronectin and to III1-C, but not to III 11-C coated on a dish.
Rosenbaum's purpose: to show how portraits of Hitler reflect broader cultural assumptions.
After hybridization, each plate was examined to determine the morphology of the embryos, quality of the staining and proportion of wells that showed staining (Figure 1c).
Luohans are followers of Buddha who achieve enlightenment but choose to stay on Earth to show others the way.
One of them shows somebody on a horse.
Here, bacon and eggs, fish and chips, darts, snooker, English beer, and bars showing English soccer games are the norm.
Other shows excise fighting and profanity: Springer promotes it.
It has been shown that the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells express CTLA-4 [ 6 7 8 ] , which is a negative regulator of T-cell activation.
The temple has been dedicated to Vishnu in his various aspects: as Janardana the Punisher, shown as a rigid, solemn-looking statue on the north vimana; as Kesava the Radiant, after whom the temple is named but whose statue is missing from the central shrine; and as Venugopala, the Krishna on the south shrine, with another Krishna as cowherd listening at his feet.
A Japanese carrier bag showing yachts on a blue sea had the message, “Switzerland: Seaside City.”
It has been previously shown that PGE2 not only directly dilates renal arteries [ 9 10 11 ] but also attenuates the AngII-induced increase in renal vascular resistance [ 12 ] through inhibition of AngII-elicited intracellular Ca ++increase in vascular smooth muscle cells of preglomerular vasculature [ 13 ] . Based on the fact that PGE2 stimulates cAMP generation in freshly isolated preglomerular renal arterioles [ 14 ] , the cAMP-stimulating EP2 or EP4 receptor has been thought to mediate these effects of PGE2 on renal resistance vessels.
The sculpture shows a dynamic Shiva killing demons and playing dice in the Himalayas, a group of boys playing with the sacred bull, and mother goddesses with children.
The LAT off-lead reports that the new budget deal shows a marked increase in defense spending, reversing a post cold war trend.
It is here shown that mesenchymal-epithelial interactions in stratified epithelium of ectocervix exhibit stage-specific interactions between mesenchymal and epithelial cells.
The grand jury's recent failure to return any indictments in the case seems an appropriate juncture, although any hopes that the story might fade away were dashed by this week's Globe cover, which shows JonBenet with the words "IT'S NOT OVER" printed menacingly across her forehead.
In early January 2001, two photographs from the Kuala Lumpur meeting were shown to the source.
While the best shows (at the Tropicana clubs in both Havana and Santiago de Cuba) are rather expensive by Cuban standards, seeing at least one big song-and-dance production in the flesh (so to speak) is de riguer.
On television, Martha shows us how to make a romantic dinner for the husband she doesn't have, host a party for the kids she doesn't like, bake muffins for the neighbors who hate her.
Previous data showed that although Zn(II) binding is not absolutely required for formation of the cleaved complex, it increased the amount of cleaved complex that can be isolated [ 31 ] . When linked to Top67, the ZD domain also has some influence on the cleavage site selections.
You can stand on the bridge in the middle of the sphere and study this dramatic object created by Chester Lindsay Churchill between 1932 and 1935 (it shows the national borders as they were then).
Shelton wanted to demonstrate that the military was imaginative and knowledgeable enough to move on an array of options, and to show the complexity of the operations.
Shows 7:30 and 10:30pm; dark Monday and Tuesday; over $60.
He's tall, and he uses his muscular body and good looks to show how his character, Sheriff, keeps the world at bay; he's so handsome that he doesn't have to communicate with anyone--even with us.
Feldman presented subjects with all possible categories (of a fixed number of exemplars) in different universes and showed that the critical parameter to rank the difficulty of a given subset was its Kolmogrov complexity.
A fascinating permanent exhibition, showing the progress of native arts and crafts techniques from the 12th century onwards, is augmented by a variety of temporary exhibitions, which are usually of a very high quality, on more specialized subjects.
Apparently the bad bear didn't show as much concern for eye/ear protection as do Brasco and his dad.
These data show a broad distribution of mRNA content for all seven β-tubulin isotype classes.
To the south of town on the Gianyar road is Pura Dalem Penuggekan, a typical example of the many temples for the dead: Carved friezes show the nightmarish tortures awaiting sinners in the after-life.
Initial test shows no DNA, Starr doesn't say anything, hopes Clinton will assume he's pursuing Option B, etc.
We found that the level of biotinylated uridine, detected at 294 nm after digestion and application to the HPLC, was unaffected by the presence of any of the modified NTPs in the IVT reaction cocktail (data not shown).
A recent study by Public/Private Ventures (PPV) showed that girls who had a Big Sister for just one year:
To counterbalance that he needed to show that Pakistan was benefiting from his decisions."
And she presented information to the board, documents, that she and I believe other members of the science department had researched on, I guess cases that had been set down before on creationism in the public school system or something of that nature, just to show them that, you know, if they were still considering this idea, that they might, I don't know, be met with some litigation or something.
Charts showing the chief languages and their derivations can be found in many dictionaries—inside the front cover of The Random House Unabridged , for example.
These are drawn to run midway between/ localities which were shown by the Survey of English Dialects to use the different words or pronunciations which are the subject of the map.
Arnold Rojas, a Californian vaquero, writer, and memoirist, writes that Joaquín Murrieta was from the city of Alamos, Sonora, Mexico, where church records show that he and Rosita were married.
We hope you enjoy using the enclosed postcards to show the world how much you care about wildlife.
That “100% cashmere” label you show them on your best sweater could provoke a loud snort of “Scotland! ”
For example, Figure 6.2 shows weekly demand for men’s dress shirts at a particular retailer: There are seasonal peaks in demand at Father’s Day and Christmas, when many shirts are bought as gifts.
Maybe you can remember a time in your own life when you were shown grace.
Carvings on the columns show Ramses (­in the form of Osiris) making offerings to the gods, but around the walls he is seen smitinghis foes duringbattles in Syria and is depicted as returning in triumph with hundreds of Hittite prisoners.
Therefore, if the initial economy starts with you having most of the pears and I most of the apples, as shown as a point toward the lower-right of the Edgeworth box in Figure 3.6, then that initial point of the economy lies on the intersection of a specific isohappiness curve for you and an isohappiness curve for me.
A recent survey of dental assistants showed many of them would have chosen I.U.
One of them — Splendid China — purports to show “all of China in one day. ”
Figure .a shows an arbitrary deterministic state space among the eight states of three genes, A, B, C. For each state, I have chosen its successor state at random.
These behaviors are conveniently shown in a recurrence map, which I call a “Derrida curve” since physicist Bernard Derrida of Saclay, France, first showed it to me.
It shows our address and phone number in Indianapolis, but through our Service Extension Office, we can put the person in contact with the volunteer representative in Clinton County.
Bios colleague Jim Herriot has made a delightful little Java computer model to show technology graphs in action.
Current DBA data shows 32 percent of all persons assisted by DBA are veterans; 10 per cent are service connected disabled veterans; and 22 per cent are non- service connected veterans.
St. Paul’s Church shows a good film on the Klondike days, while Dawson City Museum gives you all the inside information about gold-mining, displaying prospectors’ tools and paraphernalia.
This is shown in the first state cycle, where the states () and () flow into the state cycle, but are not on it.
With this in mind, I am asking each one of you to make a personal contribution of $50, $100 or even $1,000 to show that you believe in the work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and your finances.
If Figure 3.4 shows us a first case of a molecular autonomous agent, how broad a family of systems does the concept of an autonomous agent embrace?
Yet, study after study has shown that unresolved curiosity, not knowledge, is more apt to lead to early sexual involvement.
New babies are proudly shown to the world in the evening volta or stroll, when neighbors come to “bill and coo.”
This chapter shows that suppliers must take additional dimensions into consideration when they make decisions about sourcing.
For a contribution of $250 or more, we will send you a signed, 16 x 20 limited edition print by local artist Cami Forsell, showing the dedication of the Shepherd Community linear park mentioned in this letter!
A long video (Spanish only) shows what to expect before you set out.
He introduced the humorous satirical calavera that showed the objectionable side of life, that engaged in regular daily activities such as eating, dancing, drinking, fighting, enjoying life, and being a regular Mexican.
In fact, my fine Rube Goldberg device does not quite demonstrate all I might wish it to show, for it does not demonstrate the use of the release of energy to actually construct constraints.
Our alumni records show that we have 184 graduates directly employed by matching gift companies.
Loss of function of CDH1 gene has been shown to occur in widespread of epithelial tumor types by mutational or promoter hypermethylation mechanisms [ 11 20 ] . We have also identified loss of expression of CDH1 gene in 37.
Derrida and colleagues showed that, in general, when K > , P can be tuned upward from . to some critical value, Pc, where networks pass from the chaotic to the ordered regime.
This is a great opportunity for the Class of 1956 to show who is really number one!
As dubious as that sentiment might at first appear, a cursory look through his fellow participants' answers shows that he's quite right: As far as News Quiz readers are concerned, those are the two activities associated with livestock.
The 600 pieces of the collection shown on a rotation basis include major works, small-scale bronze models, sketches, and paintings.
Statistical analysis showed that those garments for which the Buying Committee had the greatest disagreement were indeed those with the greatest demand uncertainty.
Figure .b shows the phase transition curve in the CK plane.
Figure 7.8 shows the curves for the various lead times listed in the legend on the right-hand side.
3 We then show how supplier performance, ranging from the degree of inventory risk to profitability, is changed by their information technology investments and the sequence in which they are adopted.
Thus, we asked, within a given P class, if the real genes showed a residual bias toward a high number of canalyzing inputs per gene compared to what would happen if real genes were governed by Boolean rules drawn at random with respect to canalization.
A remarkable theorem due to Gregory Chaiten shows that if there is a minimal program with binary symbols, there is at most about one such minimal -bit symbol sequences.
I do not know the answers but hope the optimal point lies on the phase transition surface, for such selected mutual information correlation would begin to show that such communities of cells with such regulatory networks can indeed make the maximum number of reliable discriminations and act on them without trembling hands to make a complex living in a complex world.
His friends offered to hide him by letting him crawl under the covers at the foot of the bed while the mother showed off her newborn to the sheriff.
The special solicitude shown to “the relations of the State and Federal governments to each other and of both these governments to the people” harks back to the rhetoric of the 1830s about the asserted autonomy of the new states to decide whether they would go one way or the other on the issue of slavery.
This is a result of the familiar “demand pooling” argument, which shows that the total variation for the sum of many customers’ demand is less than the sum of the variation in individual customers’ demand.
The results of a search for the maximum profit in this two-plant case appear in Figure 7.7 (page 124), which shows how the quick-line ratio increases as the inventory carrying costs increase.
The simple example of Figure .b allows us to show another feature of such synchronous Boolean networks  here, synchronous means that all the binary variables change value at the same clocked moment.
Figure 3.5 shows the results of our simulations.
Thus, this model shows an invisible hand in which natural selection, acting on individuals only, tunes landscape ruggedness.
Sinclair and Zurek have independently carried out work that shows the following: Initially, as the demon operates, his knowledge about the system increases, hence, the entropy of the gas system decreases.
If one could ever show such a law, a law in which the diversity and complexity of the universe naturally increases in some optimal manner, that would be impressive.
Of these, , showed no detectable change, about showed changes.
In Mexican social thought the role of relajo behavior is shown to be a criticism of the political corruption of the government, but also a burlesque of the divisions of the social classes.
It can be shown that high variability in lead time means higher costs for retailers than somewhat longer, but more reliable lead times; that is, it may be better to have a longer reliable lead time than an unpredictable one with a shorter average duration.
No comparative data yet show whether the size distribution of avalanches in real organisms is a power law, nor whether the largest avalanches scale as a square root function of the number of genes in the organism.
She was crowned “Queen of Mexico” in 1895, showing how strong a symbol of Mexican nationalism she had become.
Figure . repeats the Ksat problem and shows again the phase transition.
Figure 6.1 shows a demand distribution having these properties.
In recent years la migra has acquired a much more sinister image as individual abuses are shown on television evening news programs.
When corduroy, originally used only in workingmen’s dress, became accepted by the middle class, it also showed up as upholstery.
Our study shows that an apparel manufacturer can still be successful with a traditionally organized sewing room; a firm with innovative and productive assembly operations, on the other hand, may not be competitively viable if it has not invested in information links with retailers and other changes in management practices.
Art exhibits in the United States have shown retablos ex-votos that depict the treacherous experience of immigrating to the United States.
By use of an equation suggested by Zurek relating the decoherence timescale, Td, to the relaxation timescale, Tr, of the system, in which increasing mass and area increase the rate of decoherence in proportion to their product, it can be qualitatively shown (via suciently rough arguments) that geometry may well be thought of as decohering, and doing so on a length scale of about cm, which is smaller than the Compton radius of the electron and even smaller than the radius of a nucleus.
Low Rider has been publishing a Japanese edition for the past four years and has organized low-rider car shows in Tokyo and Osaka.
But, as K increases, the number of Boolean functions that are canalyzing at all, on or more inputs, declines dramatically, as shown in Figure .. In particular, . percent of the Boolean functions of K = inputs are canalyzing.
In the grocery industry, the implementation of VMI programs has been shown to increase retail inventory turns from 50 percent to 100 percent over those achieved prior to implementation, even if the retailer and manufacturer had previously used electronic data interchange for communication of retail orders.
In addition, depending upon the details of the kinetic constants, our autonomous agent may literally show an oscillatory concentration cycle in which PP concentration begins high and falls as P + P is formed, then the high PP concentration is reformed by use of the photon-energized exergonic e*  e reaction.
The transitions among the M action states of each cell can be written in a matrix showing the transition probabilities between any pair of the M states.
As you can see, the size distribution shows up as a straight line in this log log plot, sloping down to the right.
The typical results are shown in Figure ..
Since fitness values are assigned at random for the to the (K + ), or to the N input configurations when K = N - , it is easy to show that the resulting fitness landscape is fully random.
The computer-processed results of such a scan are shown in Figure 8.3 (page 148), with a sample of the extracted body dimensions in inches printed on the right side of the figure.
We continue to assume that this SKU has the weekly demand distribution shown in Figure 6.1 (page 92).
The rest of the theory Vince and I have developed goes to show that agents who have theories of one another and act selfishly based on those theories will typically create a persistently changing pattern of actions.
The remaining axes show C and S.
Oscar “Zeta” Acosta, in his Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo, shows the life of batos locos in the barrios of Los Angeles, also during the 1960s and 1970s.
Jose Limón discusses the narratives of bailando con el diablo (dancing with the devil), and Manuel Peña shows us the ritualized structure of a Chicano dance.
Note that there is a short delivery lead time from the time the order is placed: one day during the first two cycles shown in the figure, two days for the third cycle.
Figure . shows the results Vince Darley obtained.
The program shows a “chair” object, a “seat” object, a “back” object, and a “leg” object.
But Figure .b also shows for each gene, in order (ABC), the Boolean rule, or Boolean function, of the three genes, A, B, C, that turns each on and o as a function of the values of itself and the other two genes.
Then the expected (average) demand is the solid black trend line shown in Figure 6.3.
Figure . is a recurrence map, with Dt shown on the x-axis, D(t + ) shown on the y-axis.
Once she is picked up and seated in the car, or on the horse, she shows her face to her victim.
For the results show that a network with randomly chosen logic nevertheless behaves with exquisite order.
Figure .b shows the state transitions for each state, at time T, to the state it transforms to one clocked moment later, at time T + .
One axis shows the order-chaos axis for a single isolated bacterium, measured by Derrida curve criteria, with order on the left, near the origin, and chaos on the right.
Barker’s glossary of pachuco words from Arizona shows that the name Califa, without the s, was used to mean a boy from California.
In high-dimensional networks of genes modeled as binary variables, chaos shows up as the enormous avalanches of damage that spread from one to many of the variables of the model network.
In Figure 3.4 I show a hypothetical molecular autonomous agent.
In eect, damage shows that perturbation of a gene aects the behavior of the damaged gene.
Real genes show graded levels of activities as a function of the concentrations of their trans acting inputs and the bound states of their cis regulatory loci.
As shown in later chapters, manufacturers that invest in advanced information technologies and use them to change their methods of planning and production can significantly reduce the amount of inventory they hold, thereby reducing the need to mark down or write off unsold products at the end of a season.
On the other hand, he also showed that the new enriched axiom system would itself have still further formally true but unprovable statements.
As shown below, Schrödinger translated the idea of “saying” into the idea of “encoding.”
An interior of the same period by Henry Walton shows an English gentleman at breakfast.
Prohibitions against sexual self-degradation and peep shows strengthen the inner freedom of our human selves.
The flow of goods is shown in solid lines, and information flows are represented by broken lines.
On the other hand, it is important to distinguish between low-dimensional chaos, characterized by three or four variables governed by three or four equations, and the high-dimensional chaos, shown in large-model genetic networks with tens of thousands of gene variables.
By contrast, in the ordered regime, as shown in Figure ., the Derrida recurrence curve is below the main diagonal for small Dt, that is, initial states that are close lie on trajectories that converge.
I showed numerically in , and Derrida and Pomeau showed analytically in , that if K = or less, networks lie in the ordered regime.
Very good work shows that such networks can exist in three broad regimes: an ordered regime, a chaotic regime, and near a phase transition between order and chaos.
Data for K = and K = genes shows the same bias, but the cases are too few to be statistically significant.
Since the end of World War II, textile-mill products and apparel have both been characterized by substantial reductions in employment; at the same time these sectors show substantial increases in output, including shifts to higher-value products and higher productivity.
The program assembles coherent technology graphs and chair-assembly pathways as follows: An object tries a connection, shown by a black line, to another object.
Figure . shows a hypothetical movie of a network in the ordered regime.
Firms do show a similar power law distribution of lifetimes.
Thus, the x-axis shows the ratio of clauses to variables, hence, on average, how many clauses each variable is in.
As shown in the cases studied in Chapter 7, production-cycle time and inventory carrying costs are two crucial parameters in making rapid replenishment sourcing decisions.
The capacity to tune landscape structure shows up in the job shop problem.
Figure . shows a frog and fly, each characterized by an NK landscape, coupled together.
4 shows the comparative growth rates in inventories from 1992 to 1994 for business units with low, medium, and high technology levels.
The graph shows that the SKUs with the lowest total yearly sales have the highest Cv values (the largest variation in week-to-week demand).
Galindo’s studies of Chicana prisoners show the social importance of caló in conveying a “sense of intimacy and camaraderie between women who shared similar life experiences and acquaintances” (1993, 34).
Much of the research on Quinceañeras shows that families want to maintain a cultural historical tradition, and the celebration of a daughter’s fifteenth birthday is a means of continuing cultural ties to a Latino heritage.
In the chaotic regime, the same movie shows that the majority of the genes remain green, twinkling on and o (Figure .c).
In fact, our analysis of the HCTAR data shows that the probability of adopting shipping container markers and modular production significantly increases if both bar codes and EDI have already been implemented.
Many are drinking songs, frequently shown in movies being sung in cantinas (bars), but they are also dancing songs, so they are played at celebrations and family gatherings.
Figure .a shows several characteristic features of these very simple Boolean dynamical systems.
I begin by vitiating my assumption that one cannot prestate the configuration space of a biosphere, then try to show that the implications are that the number of potentially relevant properties is vastly hyperastronomical and that there is no way in the lifetime of the universe for any knower within the universe to enumerate, let alone work with, all the possible properties or categories and their causal consequences.
Ybarra-Frausto has written a wonderful essay about rasquachismo that shows how Chicanos incorporate this spirit in the cultural life of the community.
Thomas Sheridan has written a social history of the Mexican people of Tucson from 1854 to 1941, thoughtfully showing the social and cultural changes that occurred to the Tucsonenses after the coming of the Anglo Americans.
1 shows that combinations of practices increased quite dramatically between 1988 and 1992.
One method for improving targeting would be to require each garment to include a bar code label that shows the place and time of fabrication.
These behaviors are conveniently shown in a recurrence map, which I call a “Derrida curve” since physicist Bernard Derrida of Saclay, France, first showed it to me.
Derrida and Pomeau showed that K = is the edge of chaos phase transition.
When speech induces a sense of victimization in minorities and women, many academics in the United States and even more lawmakers abroad reach for the arsenal of legal remedies to show their compassion for victims.
Numerical evidence shows that, for K > inputs per gene, a sucient bias toward a high fraction of genes with a sucient number of canalyzing inputs drives networks from the chaotic into the ordered regime.
In Figure ., the main diagonal, running at a -degree angle from the lower-left corner, which corresponds to Dt = and D(t + ) = , shows the condition where D(t + ) = Dt.
In eect, the Hausdorf dimension shows how rapidly  in how many dimensions of the job-shop schedule space  acceptable schedules of a given makespan or better are growing.
In addition, Godel showed that it was always possible to enrich the axiom set, and from that enriched axiom set, it would be possible to prove the formally true but unprovable statements in the formal system.
John Singer Sargent’s masterpiece, “The Daughters of Edward Darley Boit,” painted in 1882, likewise shows four girls.
As shown in Figure 14.
These particular volumes and Cvs were chosen based on the values shown in Figure 7.3 (page 114).
I showed numerically in , and Derrida and Pomeau showed analytically in , that if K = or less, networks lie in the ordered regime.
Figure 3.1 shows the essentials of Carnot’s idealized machine.
I will attach a red handle to the cylinder, as shown in Figure 3.1.
Simple models show that the ratio of black and white daisies can evolve to maximize their joint fitness, thereby tuning the energy per unit volume of the biosphere.
When you comb your hair in a normal fashion, there is a point roughly on top of your head, slightly to the back, where a roughly circular swirl of hair occurs (ignoring baldness) around a fixed point where typically a bit of scalp shows through.
Figure . shows a four-dimensional Boolean hypercube with all two to the fourth, or sixteen, possible binary sequences of length four, ranging from () to ().
Of these, , showed no detectable change, about showed changes.
Since the surviving photographs do not show any human figures, they heighten the impression that the house was built yesterday, especially as the furniture, designed by the architect, is still in production.
For example, Mark Feldman and Aviv Bergman at Stanford have shown that if genes that evolve on rugged landscapes increase the frequency of recombination in model populations of organisms, they will not be selected to increase, hence establish, recombination.
The pants marker shown in Figure 8.1 was produced by this automatic layout software and yielded cloth utilization of 89.
Figure . shows similar results for genes with K = known inputs.
Figure . is a recurrence map, with Dt shown on the x-axis, D(t + ) shown on the y-axis.
Hence, in the coordinate system of Figure ., Igor Yakushin at Bios Group has shown that a hyperbolic surface, as shown, separates the ordered regime from the chaotic regime.
Remarkably, real cells show dramatic evidence of one of these two biases, which I call “canalyzing Boolean functions.”
The wonderful result that Scott and friends showed is a phase transition from Ksat expressions that are almost certainly satisfiable to Ksat expressions that are almost certainly not satisfiable (Figure .).
The critical value of P as a function of K is shown in Figure .a.
John Gillespie, a population biologist now at the University of California at Davis, showed some years ago that amino acid substitutions seemed to come in short bursts that accumulate over long periods of time to a rough molecular clock that “stutters.”
The straight dashed lines show the inventory pattern that would result if there were no variation in demand—that is, if exactly the same number of units were bought each day.
More generally, as noted in the last chapter and shown in Figure ., there is a phase transition in the probability that a random Ksat expression with V variables, K per clause, and C clauses can be satisfied by some assignment of true or false to the V variables.
In New Mexico the drama was staged to show the Indians that their subjection was already complete, just as it happened to the Aztecs.
In Figure . I show a three-dimensional coordinate system.
Under these conditions, a marker will not be as efficient as the standard production markers shown in Figures 8.1 and 8.2 (page 137) because the amount of cloth that can be saved for a single ply does not justify the time required to reach high levels of cloth utilization.
In his reminiscences of vaquero culture and of the impact Mexican Sonorans had on California, Rojas shows a side of Chicano culture not commonly known.
Physicists have shown, furthermore, that one Calabi-Yau space can smoothly deform into another with a “gentle” tearing of space and time.
We may bet that technologies show similar avalanches of speciation and extinction events and lifetime distributions.
Bear in mind that the actual sales of our manufacturer’s coats showed no seasonal variation.
5 shows our basic results in regard to average profit margin for different levels of technology adoption.
Vanderbilt was drawn to French chateaux, which Hunt showed him during a whirlwind European tour, since young George and his wealthy family imagined themselves American aristocrats.
Meanwhile, experimental work assembling communities of real organisms shows much the same results.
Hence, in the coordinate system of Figure ., Igor Yakushin at Bios Group has shown that a hyperbolic surface, as shown, separates the ordered regime from the chaotic regime.
Macready and Wolpert considered a mathematically well-formulated set of “all possible fitness landscapes” and showed that, averaged over all landscapes, no search algorithm outperforms any other algorithm.
The rough present state of the art has shown that there are at least five one-dimensional string theories and M-brane theory.
An exhibit at the University of Arizona Museum of Art reviewed by Amy Kitchener shows the continuity between home and community folk arts.
Most of the studies provide examples of the male use of caló, but there is recent research that shows that female cholas and pachucas also have an extensive vocabulary in caló.
In the novel Maravilla, Laura Del Fuego shows la vida loca of the 1960s in the barrio of Maravilla in Los Angeles.
The combination of Figures .d and .c, respectively, shows for each gene the inputs to that gene and the logical or Boolean function by which it turns on and o.
However, preliminary evidence suggests that unlike the stimulated CD5 expression in these other studies, the low-level constitutive expression of CD5 on the M12 B cell line is enabled by the same 43 bp regulatory region that we have shown here is sufficient to induce full constitutive CD5 expression on T cells.
Aside from some low-level excavations showing the elaborate water-piping system and surviving mosaics and ceramics, there is also a small museum displaying everything from fishhooks to lamps, appealing to any student of archaeology.
The fourth output file, coverage.txt, shows how many sequences are in each group and calculates coverage by the method of Good [ 7 ] . Finally, the infile.txt file contains all the user specified parameters for a record of the analysis.
The suspension was generally condoned in the Irish press, but the Irish Times dwelt in an editorial Monday on a new report showing that mortality rates among Irish-born people in Britain "exceed those of all residents of England and Wales by some 30 per cent for men and 20 per cent for women" and that "Irish people there have the highest rates of mental hospitalisation and were more than twice as likely as the native-born to be hospitalised for ...
Supplementary tables listing the 10 longest intron-region CSEs and 451 mouse genomic segments and their matched human segment pairs, and a figure showing the correlation between portions of CSEs and chromosome length of one chromosome in the whole genome are available as additional data filewith the online version of this paper.
On the ground floor is a modest aquarium showing the sealife of Madeira, while upstairs is a thoroughly old-fashioned collection of stuffed local sea and land creatures.
The Dow finished down 2.85% yesterday, and was down 5.9% for the week, its worst showing since 1991.
Although various treadmill-running protocols have shown increases in the aerobic capacity of the rat diaphragm [ 32 34 35 36 37 ] , running has generally not been demonstrated to cause consistent changes in the relative expression of MHC isoforms [ 29 38 ] . Although one paper has shown a decrease in type IIb fibers and an increase in type I fibers [ 38 ] , and another has shown only a significant decrease in type IIb fibers [ 39 ] , a third paper reported a surprising increase in type IIb fibers [ 40 ] .
Its Moorish architecture, which looks something like a setting for Arabian Nights, became renown as the place where Bo Derek showed her appreciation for Ravel’s bolero in the movie Ten.
"This country belongs to the people, not the New York Times ." On Saturday, in Visalia, Calif., he added, "I know that with a crowd this size, the New York Times will write not many people showed up, but the other papers will get it right."
It has been shown that overexpression of a region of this protein encompassing the GOLD domain caused disassembly of the Golgi structure and abrogated protein transport from the ER to the Golgi [ 16].
Barcelona used the 1888 Universal Exposition as an open house to show the world its new face.
With this understanding, one can see that experimental means of 23-31 nm, shown in table 1, are reasonable values for specific association of tBid with contact sites.
A vote on the proposal by the 588-member senate was postponed in early December after nearly 1,000 grade-hating students showed up to protest the change, reports the Associated Press.
GAO's work has shown that
Increasingly, the culture is packaged and brought to you in shows staged at hotels.
The problem with this theory is that recent studies show that the Chinese diet is rapidly becoming more Westernized.
No ifkA mRNA was detected in BS153, the ifkA null strain (not shown).
Models and prints of Iráklion through the centuries show how the cityscape has developed.
A Republican fund-raising letter in Maryland showed pictures of Dukakis and Horton alongside the following text: "Is this your pro-family team for 1988?"
Tang and Lane [ 49 ] showed that C/EBPα becomes associated with peri-centromeric chromatin upon expression during adipocyte differentiation.
Shows feature the costumes, songs, and dances of the national minority groups — often as foreign to a Chinese audience as they are to visitors from abroad.
The Italian Army was the least well prepared of the combatants, lacking artillery, machine guns, trucks, and properly trained officers, but the infantry showed remarkable courage in the trenches.
A bar graph showing the change in K d value resulting from each alanine mutation is shown in Figure 2A.
The Big Shows
Other news from abroad: 1) British Prime Minister John Major announced that a new national election will be held May 1. Polls show the opposition Labor Party leading by nearly 2-to-1.
In this patient's fibroblasts, fibrillin synthesis was 41% of control and deposition was reduced to 5%, while the mutant mRNA level was normal as shown here in Fig.
Tours usually stop along the way at one of the area’s cave houses, where residents are happy to show off their hand-dug quarters.
It correctly derives hawser from the obsolete verb hawse, which had indeed the sense of “to hoist,” but is really a derivative, as shown, of the Latin altus.
Moreover, transfection of N-CoR or various mutated N-CoR derivatives did not significantly affect ERβ activity at EREs or AP-1 sites (data not shown).
His home, hidden in the forest, is not open to the public, but the superbly organized museum in the Alexander Graham Bell National Historic Park shows how the great man devoted his energies in Baddeck to aviation.
But whatever one thinks of this particular poem, he and others have showed us new ways of thinking about old problems, and I'm sure that we'll get many new insights from the tools of this trade.
Phylogenetic tree construction for the KilA-N and Bro-N domains using the least-squares and maximum-likelihood methods showed that multiple versions of these domains from a given genome typically grouped together, to the exclusion of members from other genomes (data not shown).
There is an exhibition of highland dress, showing how it developed through the centuries.
Three shows only, July 23, 24, and 25.
As shown in figure 8, in 1955, almost 9 persons were paying into Social Security for every person receiving benefits.
..the cadets were `shown' chocolate sundaes from the `gedunk' stand back aft.”
The cell counts from three independent experiments showed a slow decline in M. paratuberculosis viability over 7 days (Fig.
Old photographs show some of the Arab gateways that were destroyed when the city walls were razed in 1902.
(As Hoffmann notes, disciples would later spend much energy trying to expunge tentatively pro-Hitler remarks from the George oeuvre .) Stauffenberg, following the lead of the Master, showed vague enthusiasm toward Nazism early on.
Interestingly, no growth was observed for bacteria harboring the intron Th1P6, despite the fact that this aptazyme showed the greatest activation by theophylline in vitro . The plating results were consistent and reproducible over a variety of experiments.
Shows 7:30 and 10:30pm; $36–60.
After waiting a considerable period of time, a U-Haul mechanic showed up, taped up a leaky hose, and left.
As shown in Fig.
The French people — despite occasional rumors to the contrary — welcome tourists and are eager to show off their country, their way of life, their traditions, and their beliefs; in short, their essential joie de vivre.
Treatment of neither recombinant gp160 or the gp41 C-peptide with CAP resulted in generation of epitopes recognized by mAb NC-1 (data not shown).
Memorials, a documentation center, and a detailed historical exhibit showing the horrors of the Holocaust create an outcry against human suffering caused by hatred, leaving a lasting impression on all who visit.
The LAT focuses the most on the partisan response Clinton received, noting (along with the NYT ) that impeachment trial judge Chief Justice Rehnquist didn't show up, and that six House members and one senator, all Republicans, also stayed away.
The pR contained in the bacterial membranes was shown to act as a light-activated proton pump, but only when retinal is present.
Continue over to the King’s Bastion, the military barracks where living conditions show the kind of stark contrast that nurtured enough discontent to cause a mutiny in that year of 1744.
"Last week's euphoric discussion of the significance of the deployment of 24 Apache helicopters shows how unrealistic media assessments of the evolution of Nato's war effort is," he wrote.
Figure 2shows a sampling of the distributions of identity percentage between pairs of apparent orthologs identified as reciprocal best hits from a range of genome pairs separated by varying phylogenetic distances.
Practically every brochure for Bali shows this exotic sea temple on its rocky islet, often silhouetted against the setting sun.
But, surprisingly, the genes showed only patterns.
