Well, if you can imagine these things, I know you can imagine that even in the atmosphere of love that Wanda created, the children began to have trouble.
And, as we know, the logical consequence of this is that we "queers" in our indolence have seen through the canard of vulgar Marxism.
Not a real party, with people she knew, but a Party party, the kind with spotlights outside that shuts a neighborhood down.
How do they know the Sheikhs?
I know we are all grateful for the benefits received from our education.
This is no criticism, and is widely known and appreciated.
In other words, only one of them doesn't know him, and most know him extremely well.
Spittal Pond is well known for providing rest and recuperation for birds blown off course on long migratory routes: it is possible to spot unusual species that have drifted off their normal routes.
Earlier, on page 49, we learnt about Agnodice, “who lived to become the world's first known woman gynaecologist,” in the fourth century BC.
Then they established four distinct categories known as varna (literally, “color”).
The prince, known as Bonnie Prince Charlie (the grandson of James VII), raised an army of Jacobite highlanders and swept through Scotland.
In response to the letter from Mrs. Maughan S. Mason [XXI, 4, 17] regarding the odor emanating from Pozzuoli (Naples), I did not know there was a refinery there, but I do know that it's a sulfur area (probably a bath in ancient times), and it does smell to high heaven.
I don't know that scientifically I'm qualified to say, you know, that I believe many scientific concepts because I'm -- I'm not a scientist.
What about “knowing”?
I would think that the words grand and stretch would be known to more people than two of the words the author gives as being familiar ( chippy and hootch ).
Did you know that the combined efforts of all literacy programs in the country reach only ten percent of adults with reading problems?
Do any readers happen to know where to find him?
These are artists who are either emerging as leaders in their fields or who have already become well known.
And bark paintings are known in the terms in which they are characterized by the European eye, as dot or X-ray paintings.
Yet we hardly know how to say what this propagation and elaboration of organization and process is, nor have we a clue about whether there may be general laws that govern such self-constructing nonequilibrium processes.
Braga is known for its churches, but it has many splendid Baroque mansions as well.
In their enlightened self-interest, they supported this fledgling organization, knowing it would benefit the city as a whole.
36 Historically, finishing operations were often undertaken by separate firms known as converters, which played a large role in the design of finished goods.
He sent a note to a doctor he knew: "Bleeding, Great Moscow No.
Because these tales were not—as far as we know—collected in the Renaissance and because, like ballads and songs, they must have been subject to endless variation and mutual interference, we cannot now know the Pedro de Urdemalas who endeared himself to the folk” (218).
We know that the quality of the people is more important than the quality of the wiring diagrams.
," says the scrambled voice she knows as the rasp of Lemmy's urgency.
It is not known if the play was ever performed, but the portrayal of Murrieta is moving and especially interesting because of all the negative publicity following his capture and death.
Known for its outstanding offshore coral reefs, it’s the favorite with divers and snorkelers.
The Branch's goals focus on increasing the percentage of youth who: Grow into mentally and physically healthy adults; Know how to structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment; Plan their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher education, even if the current goals are vocational; Use non-violent conflict resolution skills when needed; Reach adulthood without being involved in alcohol, tobacco and other drug use; Are able to develop and achieve their goals and aspirations.
Rather more highbrow entertainment is on offer in the angle between Market Street and Van Ness Avenue, where there is a sprawling complex of municipal, state, and federal buildings known collectively as the Civic Center.
Does a bacterium know how to make a living in its world?
The complex of buildings — still a working hospital — is one of modernisme’s most underrated (and least known) achievements.
Throughout their vast distribution, the Inuit speak a single language (Inuktitut), although a number of dialects are known.
Julius Rebek, a chemist now at the Scripps Institute, is fond of saying that the biggest molecule he knows of is Number 7 Illinois coal, a massive hunk of coal several miles long and wide and hundreds of feet deep.
Although Rab24 has been proposed as a possible regulator of autophagic processes [ 24 43 ] , the accumulation of punctate bodies in cells expressing Rab24(D123I) was not prevented by 3-methyadenine, a known inhibitor of autophagosome formation [ 44 ] . Most importantly, electron microscopy with immunogold labeling of mycRab24(D123I) in ultra-thin sections confirmed the initial impression that the inclusions are in fact localized within the nucleus.
The ultimate origin of the word is an Egyptian town Canopus , evidently well known for the notorious insect.
The origin of this custom is not known, but some believe it is to remind society that the stranger at the door should not be forgotten.
We know what it means to cook dinner, eat dinner, and clean up afterward.
We did not know the duration of use of medications prior to the study start.
During Día de los Muertos, altars are set up in galleries and exhibit halls as artistic and cultural expressions, with ofrendas created for particularly known individuals.
You'll be the first to know about upcoming exhibitions by nationally, regionally and locally known artists.
As he performs the measurements, he “knows” more about the detailed state of the system.
First, if you didn't know who the two were and you were told that one of them was, as a youth, one of the great basketball players in the country, you wouldn't have picked Bill Bradley.
They touched my heart and I know they'll touch yours.
The number of known and predicted introns has a wide range from 3 in AtF25I16.
But we know that at 10:31, General Larry Arnold instructed his staff to broadcast the following over a NORAD instant messaging system: "10:31 Vice president has cleared to us to intercept tracks of interest and shoot them down if they do not respond per [General Arnold]."
This is very economical of space and involves a clever computer ploy, but it does not provide a particularly useful synonym dictionary, for, as we all know, synonymy in language does not yield to the commutative law of mathematics; in language, “Things equal to the same thing are not (necessarily) equal to each other.”
"I don't know.
I know you've purchased tickets this year and I thank you.
Just beyond is a carved tomb with a pyramid-shaped roof, known as both the Tomb of the Pharaoh’s Daughter and the Tomb of Zechariah.
We love animals and we know you do, too.
Fill-in-the-blanks exercises have been fashioned into what are known as cloze tests , which are designed to test passages for readability and readers for comprehension.
One useful sense of “know” is that the demon has some compact description of the state of the gas system.
Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, commonly known as "crib death," is our nation's major cause of death for infants one week to one year of age.
He managed to sell his idea to a San Francisco consortium that became known as the Central Pacific’s “Big Four” — Mark Hopkins, Collis Huntington, Charles Crocker, and Leland Stanford, names that continue to echo in both the streets and institutions of present-day California.
The Boulevard des Capucines and the Boulevard des Italiens, known as the grands boulevards, meet at the Place de l’Opéra, which was a focal point in Baron Hauss­mann’s urbanization plans in the mid-19th century.
He was known as a wise and honest man consulted by many as an arbitrator.
Naturally, and most naturally in Santa Fe, where one can be healed by means known nowhere else in the universe, Walter nicknamed algorithmic chemistry “Alchemy.”
He knew he had made a bad mistake, but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life, he just didn't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path.
I know that as an important business and community leader, you are frequently deluged with requests for funds from worthwhile organizations.
That's why I hope you will take special delight in knowing that on the day Wanda's new Habitat house is dedicated, your loving spirit will be felt on that joyous occasion.
I don't know that scientifically I'm qualified to say, you know, that I believe many scientific concepts because I'm -- I'm not a scientist.
Plus, the satisfaction of knowing you are doing your part to preserve the Earth's precious natural resources.
Of course, hardly anyone who voted in 1994 knew what was in the Contract With America.
It therefore detailed specific U.S. demands for the Taliban: surrender Bin Ladin and his chief lieutenants, including Ayman al Zawahiri; tell the United States what the Taliban knew about al Qaeda and its operations; close all terrorist camps; free all imprisoned foreigners; and comply with all UN Security Council resolutions.
The sartorially savvy man-about-town knows that good “English” tailoring, and the textiles used, are not only to be found on Saville Row but in the meticulous workshops of Milan, Florence, and Rome.
Because it's known that this is a festering controversy.
What I'd like to know is if you attended a meeting after this June 9th -- excuse me, this board meeting that's reported in this article?
In other words, based on what they knew about a group of languages which were documented, they tried to imagine the language that they sprang from.
They should also, according to most proverbs, be large: There is no light in the house without children; Nobody knows when a man without daughters dies .
There are no departments of toponymy, or even of onomastics that I know of, and no degrees are awarded in these fields.
The Buenos Aires Herald is all abuzz over a daring one-man invasion of the Malvinas Islands (known in Britain as the Falklands, site of a 10 week war that killed 1,000 military personnel).
He gained fame as an Indian fighter, but was also known as an anthropologist and writer.
Just when you thought it was safe to assume that we now know all we are ever likely to know about the past, someone digs another hole and unearths (literally or figuratively) some ancient artifact: one day it is a fragile scroll, found in a cave near the Dead Sea, that turns out to be pre-Biblical; the next day it is an entire terracotta army of Chinese soldiers: the next it is a skull, excavated from the Olduvai Gorge, that compels anthropologists (once again) to revise their guesses about the earliest stages of Homo sapiens sapiens vs hominids.
If you have had cancer, you already know why.
Collectively, the databases represent almost all public information on known genes, transcripts and relevant homologous sequences.
Women know this and take full advantage.
So, we thought you ought to know what we've been doing.
As for me, I'll stick with my philosophy of reporting and, I guess, life--nobody knows.
"What you don't know is that he has convinced his followers that a part of their brain, originally evolved in fishes, was passed in a distorted way to humans, causing aggressive behavior.
The broad and leafy Avenida da Liberdade runs for 1 km (0.6 mile) north, flanked by gardens, ponds, and fountains, as far as the circular Praça Marquês de Pombal (also known as the Rotunda), where a statue of the dictator Pombal gazes over the city.
Why does everybody seem to know everybody else?
SAGE libraries were prepared from naïve and 9-day NGF-treated PC12 cells and sequenced as previously described [ 11 ] . To match SAGE tags with RP transcripts, tags were initially analyzed with the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) rat SAGE tag to gene mapping database ftp://ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/sage/map/Rn/Nla3, which matches possible 14-mer tags with known rat genes and expressed sequence tags (ESTs).
But clearly DiMaggio knew not only on which side his bread was buttered, but also who buttered it: his op-ed was titled "I am Lucky to Be a Ballplayer."
The fact is that we do not know the level of information redundancy that exists in these large arrays.
Write and let us know what you are doing and how you are faring in the journey of life.
In response to the tradition of the burning of Zozobra, a group of New Mexico Chicanos started a tradition of burning El Kookoóee, a figure known by many Chicanos as the bogeyman, during the Festival de Otoño.
And the next thing I knew, he was running with my criticism, trashing his own proposal.
N3 LC-PUFA, particularly 20:5n3, are known to be of clinical benefit in treating psoriasis [ 71 ] .
I don't know what the edition was or the copyright date or any of that information, but I do know that it was that biology textbook that was being debated very rigorously.
.. as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely."
Oedipa smouldered, knowing she must achieve self-actualization.
The placement of these two pieces is a PR triumph, but one carrying the seeds of its own destruction: If people know all this work is going into making Paula Jones seem a certain someone, doesn't that just make it obvious that she's really somebody else?
Read Bakhtin on Rabelais if you really want to know.
, and I know that the functional illiteracy rate in our state is 52 percent.
We make the best case we can based on the facts as we know them.
Loulé, north of Almancil, is a prosperous town known for its leather, lace, and copper goods.
Now, do you know approximately when you received this?
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know.
Right now, there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves.
When Jerry was released from prison, he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life.
No matter the size of the donation, please know that your gift will be appreciated and make a difference.
I know that our staff and committee members will be happy to go with you to talk to these group if you need their help.
We know that children do better when they have a network of caring adults to nurture and motivate them.
But we all know how that story turned out.
Our own independent review of the Saudi nationals involved confirms that no one with known links to terrorism departed on these flights.
They had killed or captured about a quarter of the enemy's known leaders.
What this clause would imply in practice, no one quite knew.
I've related to them, quite frankly, this is the first case we've ever had in federal court in the years that I've been doing newspaper law, and most of our cases are in county courts, and so, you know, there's a different issue there.
The concern in this case, and it is a vital concern by all parties, is that we have, as you well know, to restate the obvious, we have newspaper articles within which there are quotes from individuals.
But you weren't at the deposition, meaning you don't know that that question wouldn't be allowed and quite frankly yesterday you were in trial.
Do you know?
So I'm inclined to accept this language, you know, not word for word, only to the extent where it states, rather generically, "wherein an affidavit is provided," I would take that sentence and simply say that affidavits have been provided, rather than "wherein."
When so and so said this thing, you know, it was in response to what, what question or what else was being talked about when this statement was made.
She seemed to be under the impression that as a Christian, she could not believe that evolution was a science that, you know, was true.
Do you know if he has any particular expertise in Catholic theology?
But I do know that she was upset with them about this textbook, the textbook process, the students not having a textbook.
And I obviously didn't know what Max had said to the board but that he had spoken to the board.
And I remember talking to my husband about that in the car ride home, as well, because we're both teachers and I was -- when I hear things like that, I immediately think of my students, and I was thinking about the diverse group of students that I have in my classroom, who all have different religious viewpoints, and how difficult that would be to tell one student that, you know, we can't express your belief, but we can express that person's belief in the classroom.
And she presented information to the board, documents, that she and I believe other members of the science department had researched on, I guess cases that had been set down before on creationism in the public school system or something of that nature, just to show them that, you know, if they were still considering this idea, that they might, I don't know, be met with some litigation or something.
But I do know that, in its original context, it was creationism that was being used.
To my students taking a PSSA test, well, you know, I -- being an educator, I'm not in love with PSSA tests or standardized tests.
But as much as I know about what the high school science standards say, it would be in standing with that.
I don't object to Pandas being in the library, just like I don't object to, you know, any of the other books being in the library, as long as -- as long as it's the appropriate level and -- you know, I mean, there is a censorship process that goes into putting books in the library.
I don't know if you want us to argue at greater length or brief, but it's hearsay to the extent it's offered for the truth of the matter asserted as effect.
So it gives this whole illusion of secrecy to the process, which, you know, may be a big part of the problem.
If you are a fan of old-fashioned jazz—what is now known as “traditional” or “trad” jazz—you are familiar with one of the standard “jump tunes” of the genre—a tune most commonly called Muskrat Ramble . Even if you are not a fan, you must have heard it as least a dozen times.
He had known “Kid” Ory well, and he said, “You know, Tom, I'm not exactly sure.
About languages that had no writing system, we know nothing at all.
Perhaps the Proximity people thought that they had got round that little problem by giving the same definition for each of the items in the list; but we know that only very rarely are two synonyms bi-unique (which is another way of saying that if A = B, B does not necessarily always equal A), an ineluctable fact of language.
At least Safire expresses an opinion; whether the reader agrees with him is another matter, as are the questions of his accuracy, which arise fairly often, and that of the suitability of his style, which, as far as I know, has not been broached before.
It is not at once apparent why the book is styled an “almanac,” but that is unimportant: there is no other book I know of that contains as much diverse information about American writers as this one.
Many African Americans wore an extravagant style of clothing, the baggy pegged pants and jackets with padded shoulders, that later became known as the zoot suit.
However, as you know, the less cash outlay that we have right now the better.
, a Richardson, Texas, firm that makes computer-security products, provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev's campaign for greater openness, known commonly as glasnost.
This force was known as tonalli, and was found throughout the body, but resided primarily in the head.
As you know, this is an extraordinary year for council fund raising.
The valley between the towns of Chalki and Filoti (known as the Tragea Valley) is perhaps the most beautiful, and easily reached by bus from Hora.
Did you know:
To the left of the port, beside the new medical center, is the Panagia Ekatontapiliani, known as the Church of 100 Doors.
Over the past three decades, a sustained eVort has included a wealth of experiments aiming at discovering the abiotic origins of the organic molecules that are the building blocks of known living systems.
You’ll be exchanging greetings, and before you know it, life stories.
The main facts are known to physicists, of course.
The second appeal was to let you know about some of our artistic expenses you may not normally consider, such as the cost of hiring professional actors ($1,000 a week per actor!)
Take the Mid-Levels Escalator to Hollywood road, known for its antiques and curio shopping.
“Know that” brings with it the standard and nonstandard issues of the truth or falseness of propositions as they report states of the world.
Take a boat excursion out to the pretty island of Giglio; it is one of the islands of the Tuscan archipelago that includes Elba, best known as the island of Napoleon’s retreat.
Everyone knows that Juan Charrasquiado’s death was caused by
They said they both felt they knew me like an old friend because they'd been coming to see IRT shows since their high school days.
Although it is usually attributed to the great master Soami, nobody knows for sure who created it — or why.
But know-how preceded know that.
As you probably well know, the resources provided by such scholarships might well determine whether or not promising students can continue their education.
Montana Avenue is known for pricy upscale designer apparel and furnishings.
It would take the known universe, chunking along on the Planck timescale, times its current lifetime to make all proteins of length .
As an arts patron, you know that the Herron School of Art has a rich tradition in art education, shaping the talents and genius of some of Indiana's most noted artists and designers.
However, just a few miles east along unpaved roads are the best sands on the island, collectively known as the Papagayo (parrot) beaches.
There are hundreds of variants of the La Llorona legend, all narrated about known encounters with her, during the past 200 years.
I guarantee you'll feel good knowing you've helped us touch a heart.
Artists of the avant-garde intellectual movement known as Dada called for state prayers to be replaced by simultaneous poetry and regularization of sexual intercourse via a Central Dada Sex Office.
Remedios are also known as remedios caseros (home remedies).
Did you know:
Many African Americans wore an extravagant style of clothing, the baggy pegged pants and jackets with padded shoulders, that later became known as the zoot suit.
We know our follow-up weekends are going to be better attended than ever this fall and winter.
The Hongqiao Market (also known as the Chongwenmen Market and the Farmers’ Market), on the northeast edge of the Temple of Heaven (Tiantan) Park, is the best place to shop for jewelry bargains, especially pearls.
We know that networks with K = , K = , or more inputs per gene are generically in the chaotic regime if Boolean functions are chosen randomly from the full range of possible functions of K = , K = , or more inputs.
As you know, the membership of this group includes those friends and alumni who contribute $1,000 or more annually to the law school.
Known to many under its Roman name of Apulia, the region stretches from the “spur” of the Gargano peninsula to the heel of Italy’s boot, endowed with a wild and unspoiled beauty over the gently undulating stony plateaus grazed by sheep and goats.
Whether you attended classes full time, were an adult returning student, or worked full time in a career while taking classes, I believe you know first hand how important it was that Liberal Arts was open and available to you--and you also know how important it still is.
Visible in the distance is the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge, known locally as just the Bay Bridge.
One member remembered it by the name of La Mano Pachona without knowing its origin, but the fear of it was well remembered by all.
"But if daddy wasn't feeling good, our son knew it was because daddy was a diabetic.
Away from the expressways and southeast from the Central Market lie the exotic offerings of Chinatown, within the boundaries of Jalan Sultan, Jalan Bandar (now known as Jalan Tun H. S. Lee), and especially along Jalan Petaling.
Know that is a thin veneer on a four-billion-year-old know-how skill abundant in the biosphere.
The Bay Area (as it is known) includes the Peninsula to the south, with the cities of Palo Alto and San Jose (the computer industry heartland of Silicon Valley and the fourth- largest city in California); the East Bay, across the Bay Bridge, which includes Oakland and the university town of Berkeley; and Marin County, San Francisco’s wealthiest suburb, with its mountains, forests, and pretty villages.
The word zoot was known within the urban jazz culture of Harlem, and it meant something either exaggerated in performance or in style.
As you well know, the School of Nursing receives less than 30% of its operating funds from the state appropriations.
The Temple (today known as the “First” Temple) was completed by David’s son and successor, King Solomon.
But it is the breakdown of decorum, the rejection of a social value that everyone knows is necessary, yet proscribed, that the relajo subverts.
The teens have also decided to raise money to provide camperships for other campers because they know what Jameson has meant to them.
In keeping with this easy-going attitude, the city was originally known as Gastown, after saloon-keeper “Gassy Jack” Deighton, who looked after the needs of pioneer lumbermen and sailors in the 1860s.
case, for example, the Court struck down a municipal ordinance that punished the display of a symbol that one knows or has reason to know “arouses anger, alarm or resentment in others on the basis of race, color, creed, religion or gender.”
But I know it does.
On the other side of Santiago lies a succession of locally popular beaches, including the long stretch known as Playa Olas Altas, named after the high waves that regularly break here.
We know very little about how much equality the framers of the amendment intended to secure, and frankly it does not matter.
Ahmet III was known as the “Tulip King,” and celebrated each spring with a tulip festival in the palace grounds.
The law has moved so quickly in this arena that most men and women no longer know when and how they can approach a coworker and make a compliment or request a date.
As 1990 draws to a close, I know you may be reflecting on many giving opportunities.
At Andros Town, known as Fresh Creek to local people, there are a few facilities for visitors and a number of small hotels.
I do not know the answers but hope the optimal point lies on the phase transition surface, for such selected mutual information correlation would begin to show that such communities of cells with such regulatory networks can indeed make the maximum number of reliable discriminations and act on them without trembling hands to make a complex living in a complex world.
I knew a lot of disabled veterans.
The Neo-Renaissance Berliner Rathaus, also known as the Rotes Rathaus (Red Town Hall), owes its nickname to its red clinker masonry, not its ideology.
Nina Otero-Warren is known primarily as the writer of the book Old Spain in Our Southwest (1936), a memoir of life in early New Mexico.
For years, Puerto Escondido  — called simply “Puerto” by the locals — has been known as a surfers’ haven, due to the awesome break at Playa Zicatela, known as “The Mexican Pipeline.”
There is no autonomous agent, no one, who knows how the whole system works, any more than anyone at present knows how the global economic system works in its myriad interactions, deals, steals, hopes, and frustrations.
The whole country will know about us this spring!
Over the millennia, an arched hole had been created here by the pounding of the waves of the Atlantic; known as the Glass Window, this opening made it possible for sailors on the Exuma Sound to see “through the island” to the Atlantic.
Eigen and Schuster elegantly relate the known mutation rates of viruses to the sizes of their genomes and show that viruses are close to but below the error threshold where selection can still overcome the melting.
The success of our athletes and America's Olympic Movement depends on the support of proud individuals like you who know what it takes to be the best.
The all-purpose Chinese medicinal herb is becoming well known in the West as a tonic.
As you know, we are in the process of building an endowment fund in graduate periodontics at Indiana University which will honor Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary, a man whose leadership played a significant role in our school and profession.
Gran Canaria is known, not without reason, as the “continent in miniature.”
Unlike “know that,” “know-how” does not involve propositions about the world.
When your gift helps an outstanding student become an outstanding teacher, you will know that you, too, have touched the future.
The task of rebuilding fell to the power behind the throne, an ambitious and tyrannical minister known as Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, best remembered as the Marquês de Pombal.
Flour tortillas and burritos are found in northern Mexico and the Southwest, but are not known in other parts of Mexico.
Cross Prinsengracht to reach the area of the city known as the Jordaan.
This toy model is, to date, the only example I know in which creatures tune the structure of their fitness landscapes such that all evolve in problem spaces where, in some sense, they can search those spaces well self-consistently with their search mechanisms.
And yet, as a member of the Conservancy, you know that we can't rest on our laurels or relax and feel secure.
She became known as La Lengua, meaning “the tongue,” because of her work as a translator for Cortés.
I know that from my desk at The Salvation Army, I have a unique perspective, and I want you to know without a doubt that we are meeting needs -- one person at a time, every day ...
The area around the south end of Columbus Avenue was once known as the Barbary Coast, a seedy and boisterous waterfront district, with sailors on shore leave haunting the bars and brothels, while their captains shanghaied drunken civilians to make up lost crew.
Yet, who knows?
I can only hope that you know how appreciative we at the Indianapolis Zoo are of your philanthropy!
From the days of the Stuart kings, Scottish jewelry was known for the high quality of its workmanship.
I know that the moon is  they tell me  not made of green cheese.
I also knew we couldn't do it without information and assistance.
You won’t get a better bargain at the vineyard unless you know the owner.
Currently, no manufacturer we know of has implemented all the changes described here and in the following chapters.
The nine assets are known to enhance school success, educational aspirations, and the development of positive behaviors.
For years, travelers to Acapulco have dismissed this section of town, which includes the Península de las Playas and extends east to Papagayo Park, not knowing what they’re missing.
The British Constitution remains, as is well known, famously unwritten.
As you know, major changes in dental education are under way throughout the country.
This period was known as the Liao Dynasty (a.d.
It knows how all right, even if it cannot talk about how it gets on with its business.
Then use the enclosed donor reply card to let us know how you can help.
Philae Temple was known as the “Pearl of Egypt” for its beauty and picturesque setting.
Although not as popularly known, it carries the same meaning as gringo or gavacho.
I know most of you will find it hard to believe, but we are about to celebrate our 35th Anniversary.
It is best known for its series of exquisite, protected, pristine bays.
Finally, to allocate production appropriately, managers need to know the inventory carrying cost for carrying work-in-process and finished goods inventory.
Our students and the public are continuing to enjoy a number of special programs, such as the Visiting Artist Program, which draws about 10 nationally known artists who present free public slide lectures about their work, the Saturday School, now in its 70th year of providing art classes for junior and senior high school students every spring and fall, and the Pre-College Program, offering art classes for recently graduated high school students who are interested in careers in the arts.
Highest were those of foreign extraction such as Turks, Arabs, Afghans, and Persians, known as ashraf (that is, “honorable”).
Of course, I do not know, but the hypothesis is testable.
Then use the enclosed donor reply card to let us know how you can help.
Today the industry is known for the quality of its polishing and of the expertise of many independent traders.
It is not known why bacteria and higher cells have a mutation rate so far below the error catastrophe.
Or perhaps you know of someone else who shares these same values who might be willing to help.
Until you pass into Almería, this part of the Costa del Sol, the most attractive but least known, is now officially called the Costa Tropical.
Thus, this typical, or “generic,” behavior of parallel-processing networks in the ordered regime closely fits the known data and our informed intuitions.
When your gift helps an outstanding student become an outstanding teacher, you will know that you, too, have touched the future.
Distinctive Kashubian pottery and that known as Ceramika Artystyczna Boleslawiec are sold the world over but are considerably cheaper in Poland.
Together with Robert Venturi’s Vanna Venturi House, which was designed the same year, it marks the advent of an architectural style that became known as Postmodernism.
Wanda is as aware as any mother can be about the new possibilities you create, which she calls a "wonderful" thing to know. "
Originally an Anglo stronghold, part of it is still known even among French speakers as Upper-Outremont, family home of that splendidly ambiguous French-Canadian, prime minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau.
Wal-Mart is the most well known of the early lean retailers.
You'll be the first to know about upcoming exhibitions by nationally, regionally and locally known artists.
One stretch of street — Ignacio L. Vallarta, just across the southbound bridge — is known as Rockin’ Row, for its eclectic collection of clubs.
Everybody knows that who knows anything” (1923b, 9).
When Jerry was released from prison, he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life.
The Aztecs and Chichimecs (a Nahuatl-speaking warrior community) knew Huatulco as an important trading port long before the arrival of the Spanish conquistadors.
Was some known law of physics violated by Gertrude?
Just about everyone I know has experienced these kinds of things over the years to mark this day.
Süleyman, known in Turkish as Kanuni (The Lawgiver), reigned from 1520 to 1566, during which period the empire attained the height of its wealth and power.
having attracted the distinguished and nationally known nursing researcher Dr. M. Elizabeth Carnegie for a year as Visiting Professor
The Moorish legacy can still be seen in the form of wells and waterwheels, squat white houses, the dark complexions of the people, and in the very name given the region — taken from Al-Gharb, which means “country of the west” (when the Moors conquered the territory, it was the most westerly in the known world).
By comparison, the estimated number of particles in the known universe is about 10 raised to the 80th power.
As a former subscriber, you may know that the IRT has enjoyed a strong start to our season.
There is a winding path to the top known as Gui Jian Chou (“Even the Devil is Terrified”) as well as a chair lift (20 minutes each way).
Fifty years later we know very much more.
The significance of this wonderful news is that researchers now know that they have developed a technique that is both effective and replicable.
It is known for its wonderful Byzantine-influenced façade and the interior’s pavements and mosaic of Mary enthroned with Jesus decorating the domed ceiling of the apse.
As you may know, the State Assembly voted to not fund any capital projects for the IUPUI campus.
The first known printed book, a Buddhist scripture, was published in China in 868.
I confess I do not know.
Consequently, I know that you go to extra lengths to be compassionate and caring to others.
Huangshan has many peaks that are well known by name in China, often through thousands of poems describing these as China’s most beautiful mountains.
In this way pachuquesmo, a Mexican subculture, became known throughout the Southwest.
I also know it costs a lot of money to run a theatre company.
He which hath no stomach to this fight, And hideth in the tall grass, like a damn girl, Let him depart; I'll get him a job at CNN, Where mine appalling comments about the dusky Moor And olive-skinned Levantine (and working maidens fair, And--no one's really glommed onto this yet-- My disparagement of those men of right good male fellowship, Who doth hoard original-cast albums of Broadway musicals, If ya know what I mean) serves but to raise my fees on Crossfire . Forsooth, 'tis a rich scam!
If you want to know what to expect before you dive, visit the Coral World underwater observatory to see the brilliant, teeming underwater life that awaits you in the nature reserve.
We also cannot examine all known heterotrophic bacteria stored in culture collections to confirm that all or most of them effect dye reduction.
It is believed that many of the folk narratives and superhero legends known about the Texas Rangers were created at the expense of the Mexican population.
As you know, just a few short weeks from now, families everywhere will be celebrating Mother's Day, honoring mothers in ways that have become so familiar to all of us over the years.
We know of it because Flavius Josephus, the traitorous Jewish general who joined the Romans, bothers to refute it in his surviving writings.
Nearly everyone knows the game of bingo, the mini-lottery in which players try to line up a horizontal or vertical row of randomly drawn numbers.
At a membership cutoff of 0.08, cluster 45 consisted of many genes involved in the tricarboxylic acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation, and this group was enriched for the binding site of the Hap2/3/4p complex that is known to regulate the genes' expression.
The lesson learned is that one must not disobey one’s parents, for the handsome man is known to be the devil and the personification of evil.
..background, employment/business experience, likes, dislikes, hobbies, interests, disability, etc., and your current or planned business activity, if known.
The problem of watering crops was solved by the irrigation system known as levadas — simply-designed water channels that wound down from water sources on the verdant mountain tops.
The most obvious is that it provides a mechanism for generating embryos that express alleles that are predicted, or known, to be detrimental to normal embryonic development, for example dominant-negative or gain-of-function alleles.
The line between order and disorder is a thin one, and it is difficult to know what is intended and what is accidental.
's program if they had known it existed!
It's a pretty abrupt departure, and she has no other job lined up, but who knows?
The three ancient provinces known as the Beiras together make up the broad swathe of land lying between the Tagus and Douro rivers.
In the discussion that follows, these class labels are treated as known.
It is known that Hernán Cortés, the conqueror of Mexico, had a milagro made in the shape of a gold scorpion, which he offered to the patroness of his home, Our Lady of Guadalupe, in Guadalupe, Spain.
This letter is to let you know that, while we've experienced some success this season, we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management and vibrant theatrical productions.
Visitors drawn to the Petronas Twin Towers, located north of this triangle and known officially as the Kuala Lumpur City Centre (KLCC), will be disappointed to find that there is no public access to the upper stories.
Also known as Pedro di Urdemales or Pedro Ordimales, meaning “Peter of the holy water font,” he is a rogue folk hero with hundreds of tales to his name.
We know that we are in the midst of a technological revolution and we are working hard to keep pace with the constant changes that surround us.
As Prudence read the letters she received, she often felt that the writer knew the answer but only wanted some confirmation.
In Tokyo, the place to go for every electronic and computer item imaginable — and plenty that you didn’t even know existed — is Akihabara, an entire district devoted to specialty stores selling mountains of electronic equipment often at very low prices.
We know from the fate of many long-term prisoners that after a certain period they choose a life of dependence, free of the responsibility of caring for themselves.
We'll let you know if this anti-toxin turns out to be the silver bullet that solves the botulism problem.
The hot wind that blew from the interior, later to be named the sirocco, was known with vivid simplicity as the hot wind.
Nestled in the northwest corner of Kyoto, Ryoanji is the best known of all Zen Buddhist temples.
It includes the unalert watchman, but also the one who knows he'll be chewed out by his superior if he gets higher authority out of bed.
A Catholic fraternal order of men, formally known as La Fraternidad Piadosa de Nuestro Padre de Jesus Nazareño, or informally as Los Penitentes.
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work.
I do not know what name they give to a woman.
Europeans did not arrive until the 14th century, when the Genoese sailor Lanzarotto Marcello colonized the island, known then in native tongue as Tytheroygatra and subsequently as Lanzarote.
Then again nobody attending an open house to discuss legal aid funding and service issues in the state knew exactly what Thomas A. Balmer went through to give a speech on the subject.
Only by restricting intimidating speech, the argument goes, can all potential participants in the democratic dialogue feel free to speak and to make their opinions known.
I'm sending this follow-up letter to let you know that your support is greatly needed and appreciated by everyone involved with graduate Endodontics at IU.
If, however, your associate thinks she is engaging in petty larceny and gets her jollies from purloined rolls, indulge her, knowing that it is a harmless habit.
Little is known of the earliest Stone Age inhabitants of Europe’s southwestern extremity.
We have shown that cRNAs spiked into hybridization solutions at known concentrations covering two to three orders of magnitude can be used to normalize array data and to estimate array sensitivity.
To help address these questions, a spectrum of autoantibodies known to be associated with RA in a cohort of patients with early synovitis was evaluated.
One al Qaeda member who knew them says that Nawaf pleaded with Bin Ladin to allow Salem to participate in the 9/11 operation.
For an experiment that examines two hybridizations that involve the same RNA sample, each gene is matched with two intensities, S1 and S2 . The μ's for the distributions of each S are not known and range widely, reflecting low or high gene expression.
I don't know where they would go to file a complaint."
To test the sensitivity and specificity of our method on real RNAs, we analyzed pairwise alignments taken from a multiple alignment of 63 eukaryotic SRP-RNAs [ 32 ] (also known as 7SL RNA), and a multiple alignment of 51 eukaryotic RNaseP RNAs [ 33 ] . These RNA genes were chosen because they are independent from the set of tRNAs and rRNAs used to train the RNA model.
In an attempt to induce anaphylactic reactivity to peptides known to induce T H 2 responses associated with allergic reactions, NOD mice were immunized using the same protocol with hen egg lysozyme and ovalbumin peptides (HEL 81-96, OVA 323-339) [ 21 22 23 ] . As a negative control, NOD mice received 3 weekly injections of saline emulsified in IFA.
The mailers know their costs, their options, their preferences, and their other interests, such as service.
Two were known to cause human cystic kidney disease, so we knew we were in the human disease pathway somewhere, but we had no idea what the other genes were’.
However, known mechanisms for transfer of DNA into plants are more limited.
When they learned a second plane had struck the World Trade Center, nearly everyone in the White House told us, they immediately knew it was not an accident.
PH-20 induces the expression of proapoptotic p53 [ 9 ] and WOX1 (WW domain-containing oxidoreductase; also known as WWOX or FOR) [ 10 ] , which contributes to the increased TNF cytotoxic effect.
Now, I don't know if it was because it was the accent, or if there's more than one, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna reconfirm that for you, and I'll get back to you real quick.
These genes include PITX2, PITX3, PAX6, FOXC1 (previously known as FKHL7 and FREAC3), Foxc2 and FOXE3 [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Activity levels for these transcription factors normally associated with diploid gene dosage are important for normal ocular development, with heterozygosity for null mutations in most of these genes causing anterior segment dysgenesis.
These peptides are released into the central circulation and may act systemically, as opposed to many of the known mediators of sepsis, which are released locally and often act in an autocrine or paracrine fashion.
The only other source of primary productivity known is chemical energy, and there are only two ecosystems known, both methanogen-based (Stevens and McKinley 1995; Chapelle et al.
It is also well known that when smokers quit, their risk of mortality and future cardiac events declines, but there is little data quantifying the rate of this risk reduction.
[ 25 ] Despite sufficient knowledge on the chemical nature of molecular interactions very little is known about the common interaction types for MHC-peptide complexes.
"We will be known, if we're not already, as an outstanding law firm."
They had killed or captured about a quarter of the enemy's known leaders.
Significant OPN expression has been reported in a number of breast epithelial cell lines [ 19 20 ] , and so it is known that cells of breast epithelial origin can synthesize OPN in certain conditions.
We want you to Know why your support of Goodwill is so important.
You can help them to know that feeling.
He knew he had made a bad mistake, but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life, he just didn't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path.
We know our follow-up weekends are going to be better attended than ever this fall and winter.
Please, make a tax deductible gift to Community Centers of Indianapolis in 1999, and know that COMPANY is playing an important part in meeting the needs of its community.
With that in mind, Chatterbox hereby inaugurates the Intellectual Dishonesty (henceforth to be known as the Indis ) Index . Here's how it works: Publications that refuse to acknowledge (even if to refute the importance of) highly significant but inconvenient facts in their news or opinion coverage of controversial events will score one point for the initial offense.
The alliance became known as the Delian League.
We did know, however, that the legal idea of equality carried no historical gloss.
And at the time when you wrote the original order and you used the words "perceived, saw, and heard," we were concerned, as you well know, with the word "perceived" in terms as to what's the thought process.
I think this case is somewhat distinguishable, and I don't know that a judge in another situation would knee-jerk allow this type of testimony.
And I know that you respect that.
Scheduling usually isn't my pay grade, but, you know, you can figure that out.
No, the reason why I'm asking whether it would be published, I don't know whether your original opinion --
I mean, if we're not called today, which we're not going to be, I don't know that it really is an issue.
We're not going to side door, you know, a bias argument by going into context.
So that the first time that the school board would know that you were upset with their actions is when they learned of you being a plaintiff in this lawsuit.
So I knew that there was some discussion over the biology book, so sometime before that.
Bill Buckingham said to her -- and I know Bill Buckingham because at the time he lived down the street from my grandparents and for many years lived there.
And also I recall Alan Bonsell making a comment about, you know, there are only two theories, there's this theory evolution and there's this theory creation, and if you're teaching only those two theories, then there's not a problem.
And, honestly, I thought that maybe it would set me into labor because of, you know, being angry, and at that point in time I was past my due date, in addition to caring about my children's education and everything I said previously.
Jen Miller spoke, although I didn't really know who she was at the time.
I don't know what the edition was or the copyright date or any of that information, but I do know that it was that biology textbook that was being debated very rigorously.
As I know it and as it is written, there is no test on intelligent design.
As far as the scientific community, I really can't go there, because I know that there is a lot more about Darwin than is in that textbook.
I don't object to Pandas being in the library, just like I don't object to, you know, any of the other books being in the library, as long as -- as long as it's the appropriate level and -- you know, I mean, there is a censorship process that goes into putting books in the library.
In preparation for trial, looking back through my deposition testimony and thinking about things that had happened, it occurred to me that, you know, I was there at that June meeting.
While my children are small, you know, this policy is district-wide, and there's nothing to prevent it from being trickled down into the elementary level.
She had the look of every leader she had ever known.
I was, and still am, captivated by “Babies cry for liquor an' the birds sing bass,” and in the arrogance of my youth, I was certain that nobody else on the airfield either knew or cared who Bessie Smith was, nor would any other G.I. be enchanted by basso birds, so I turned thief.
Nobody who knew him would have expected him to do anything else, whether he had been sent away in disgrace or not—but, as it was thought he had left the country, his return did have a dramatic quality.
Campbell, known for his extensive analyses of the world's mythologies, religions, and cultures, noted the marked bias against women emerging from Judaic concepts, later reinforced by Christian and Islamic doctrine.
Many people know F.H.B.
While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book, most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look, then have provided a detailed index.
A handful might have led colorful existences, some are objects of interest because they died early, committed suicide, were related to (other) famous people, and so forth; but such information seldom reveals as much about their output as do the creations themselves, and in certain cases one is probably better off not knowing quite so much.
Ellington performed at the Orpheum in Los Angeles in 1941 and 1942 with a musical called Jump for Joy in which the performers wore zoot suits, also known as Gone with the Wind suits, after the style worn by Clark Gable in the movie by the same name.
All I know is what fixed priced baseload deals we have.
We don't know who is winning the drug war in Latin America, but we know who's losing it -- the press.
Our laboratory is currently investigating the possibility that known inhibitors of store-mediated calcium entry (e.g.
These men are heroes of the worldwide anti-WTO libration movement and as such, even though they are innocent of all charges, will heroicly remain silent about their sabotage activities and of others they know carry them out.
Everyone knows turnout will be low.
All known BDNF gene 5' exons are directly spliced to the common coding exon, generating mature messages that contain two exons, a single 5' non-coding and the common coding exon.
I wish I knew then what I've had to learn so slowly."
He added, "Nobody knows how the crisis may have affected their marriage: but those who know the first lady well know that she is a woman of great strength, with very broad shoulders."
I was just worn out and I knew that my mother was a drug user and I knew that it kept her away from me and I knew how I felt by my grandmother raising me my whole entire life."
We know from Bohr and others that the act of observation changes phenomena: observing a subatomic particle can determine either its location or its momentum, but not both.
"It would be useful to know the percentage of young people who identify with the German extreme right," he wrote.
Three residents cited lack of time as a barrier to changing management knowing that a patient might die.
"We know who you are: you are atheist revolutionaries.
But Stross fails to see the larger context for Microsoft's dominance, and we know that from the get-go, when he begins his book with a pretentious foreword that postulates the similarities between Henry Ford and Bill Gates, a comparison to which he alludes repeatedly over the next 239 pages.
The fate of the nucleic acid-containing cells in the posterior capsular region of younger lenses is not known at this time, nor is the morphology of earlier stage lenses.
He didn't come back soon, not until after I fended off a handsome guy with really bad AZT breath, who I knew wasn't likely to take up with me anyway.
It also means that everyone who has bought a ticket at the box office knows that the true cost of going to the show is not the sum he actually paid but the much larger sum he could make by reselling that ticket.
If it is known, however, that other contributions in a significant amount were made, that fact (for example, expressed as a percentage of the total program) may be reported even if the exact amount of the contribution is not known.
 Now that you know Her Secrets.
Katz's basement sounds like a clammy and frightening place to work, but it's not the scariest place he knows, as he confided to New York magazine two months ago in a piece about his suburban community of Montclair, N.J.
TRANCE is known to be expressed by activated T cells, and can stimulate dendritic cells and osteoclasts [ 18].
Only a narrow range of settings (for these constants) is suitable for the evolution of complexity or Life as We Know It.
Surely no one believes that the reason these tapes are made public is because the people have a right to know if their emergency services were performed appropriately.
Until recently, the only known hypercoagulable states were several rare genetic disorders of the coagulation cascade (antithrombin III, protein C, and protein S deficiency), which accounted for only a small percentage of all patients with venous thrombosis [ 16].
I don't know what I want to eat."
No one--at least, no one in elite policy-wonk circles--is a bigger fan of incarcerating known, adjudicated adult and juvenile criminals than me.
Although it's nice to know what something costs, it's arguably more important to know what it is worth!
God knows he's gotten enough diamonds through us."
Hamon said she knows fee increases aren't popular with lawmakers but hopes they realize the crisis Legal Aid is facing.
Tell me what you know about a baby.
So I honestly don't know.")
Similarly, SLC4A8 is at 12q13, where no EGF-FGF cluster is yet known.
Knowing he is needed, Mere follows the nurse.
Who knows?
Retinal ischemia is known to affect cell viability in the INL and photoreceptor layers [ 44].
You look around for this girl if you think she knows something.
Yet, even though he knows that most politicians, CEOs, and activists who appear on his show are accomplished liars, he offers little in the way of interruption or contradiction.
The loss of cytochrome c causes a break in the electron transfer chain resulting in the production of reactive oxygen species [ 31 ] . Reactive oxygen species are known to cause the oxidation and loss of function of many lipids including cardiolipin [ 20 ] . Finally, caspases activated downstream of cytochrome c release have been implicated in mitochondrial damage [ 29 ] . It appears likely that the cumulative damage of these agents could lead to the irreversible loss of mitochondrial membrane integrity and structure.
If she's here that means our mission must be known to them!"
Massa Gessen introduces , the minister nobody knows, in "Assessment."
With respect to osteoclast formation, IFN-γ is known to potently inhibit RANKL-mediated osteoclastogenesis in both spleen-derived macrophage cultures and bone marrow coculture systems [ 19 20 21 ] . It has also been demonstrated that mice defective in IFN-γ signaling have a more rapid onset of arthritis and bone resorption compared with wild-type mice, suggesting a protective role of IFN-γ in early arthritis [ 21 22 ] .
One is the state or process of transcendence, knowing the ultimate, stepping out of self, through pain, ecstasy, whatever, into a feeling of unity, wholeness, of uniting with higher levels of being.
But from Aumann and Maschler's work, we know that if you've found one consistent solution, you've found them all.
The A189G has been reported as a polymorphism in Mitomap database [ 34 ] . Whether this alteration would affect mtDNA replication or transcription is not known.
And he also knew the question and its answer taken together were a trap, sucking him into an illusory comparison of selves, reifying an idea that did him no good, and could only add to all the negative feelings of deficiency he confused himself with.
Nixon: You know what I'd do with him, the bastard?
This approach has mostly involved reverse genetics wherein mutations in a gene encoding a known nucleoporin are evaluated for NPC structural and functional changes, and several mutants that induce massive morphological perturbations have been characterized [ 21 22 23 24 ] . However, the advent of green fluorescence protein (GFP)-based technology has recently allowed forward genetic strategies.
It is not known whether Johannes had always loved Clara or if the affection sprang from the relationship that grew after Robertís death.
The level of β-actin, in particular, is known to be altered through the stimulation of kainate receptors [ 35].
"I wish I knew enough to assert clearly that this Spinozan10, rather than Kantian, idea of human perception as a necessary and proportionate interaction of human body with tree, obviates any quibbling about whether or not matter is just our idea of things."
All of us who are not religious think we know that the Bible code simply cannot be real.
You know you can't spell, and they'll know where we are, you booby."
The only thing I know about Gilbert is that I find him listed as co-author of Muskrat Ramble .
In order to go much further, we need to know the cost of the pieces that are candidates for moving from the basic category to the workshare category.
We're lucky, they're Florida guys and don't know me.
Then, for some reason--we will probably never know precisely why--the era of trilobites, triceratops, and other multicellular creatures commenced.
This retention of apical spiral neurons is also largely unrelated to neurotrophins which are known to be reduced in their expression in neonatal rodents [ 4 ] .
There are a lot of animals that have same-sex relations, it's just that people don't know about it," Mitchell said. "
The hardest part of all is knowing what to look for when you watch television.
Barnes knows these statistics help explain the unflattering public image of the legal profession.
You had to respect those bluesmen, but we knew they couldn't understand what needed to be done.
Not everyone can always be sure of everything, but it has always seemed to me that one of the functions of education is to implant doubt in a student's mind: in other words, it is not so important that he remember, a dozen years after leaving school, what a dangling modifier, split infinitive, agreement between the number of a subject and its verb, etc., might mean, but the process of education should have created a (minor) circuit in the brain of the pupil so that when a certain situation is encountered later on, he acknowledge a nagging suspicion that there might be something wrong and that it would be best were he to look it up in an authoritative source to see what is written there by people who know such things.
To ask whether ERβ might bind these motifs in the presence of estradiol, we examined the ability of peptides containing known NR interacting motifs to compete for the interaction (Fig.
"We don't know him as you do, Mobe dear.
A few things we do know from the original letter, however: Eating from supermarket shelves is stealing--an act all consumers pay for--and open-access bins may not be pristine.
Seven muscle hijackers are known to have purchased a total of nearly $50,000 in traveler's checks that were used in the United States.
He knew by now the question had to be answered with a yes; after all, he did choose within the limitations of history and genetics.
Subjects with a known illness or pregnant women were excluded.
He knows that first one must recite the Metta, Dhajagga, and Ratana Suttas.
From the bifurcation diagrams obtained for each of the fourteen parameters, we know that oscillations exist only in a limited range around the nominal value.
We know that Crusader King Baldwin I constructed at Petra a castle called Selah, the Bible name for Petra (2Ki.
The next thing I knew I was in a private room upstairs at the 21 Club having dinner with the lot of them.
Several pairs of transcription factors, denoted by stars in Table 1, were not previously known to act on the same sets of target genes.
Cyril got fantastically rich selling gentlemen's jimmys--AIDS, you know.
As most users of historical dictionaries know, the search for antedatings—citations earlier than those previously known for a word or sense—is a crucial effort.
The association between smoking and rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been widely reported [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 ] and was recently reviewed [ 20 ] . The specific association between smoking and rheumatoid factor (RF)-positive RA is well known and meets the Bradford Hill criteria for causation [ 22 ] , namely strength, consistency, plausibility, experimental evidence, coherence, temporality, and biologic gradient of association [ 1 7 8 16 17 20 ] .
I know you use morphine, " Siegfried moans.
As a neurologist subspecializing in epilepsy at a respected academic institution, I (DH) assumed that I knew everything I needed to know about epilepsy and patients with epilepsy.
Of Kenya's 50-odd ethnic groups, the Masai, with their red tunics and traditional ways, are the best known.
But I want you to know one thing: I'll always be here for you.
Cyclophilin, a gene known not to alter following axotomy [ 13 ] , was used to correct for loading (Figure 2D).
Tim doesn't know how wrong he is.
One possible exception is the new name adopted by the popular singer formerly known as Prince.
In cases where different homolog classes are known to exist, these analog groups are designated with Roman numerals, for example, AroA I or AroA II . Different subgroups within a homology class are usually distinguished with α, β, and γ designations.
I will give you a whole lecture on the phenomenon of Gay Crystal, about which I, as an advanced European in touch with the latest drug-resistant AIDS scare, know something from my frequent and promiscuous contacts with New Yorkers and Los Angelenos.
Indeed, tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα), interferon gamma (IFNγ) and/or interleukin-1 beta (IL-1β) have all been shown to reduce gonadotrophin-induced progesterone synthesis in a number of species [ 8 9 10 11 12 ] , and TNFα and IFNγ are known to increase PGF 2α production by steroidogenic cells [ 13 14 15 ] . Steroidogenic cell apoptotic paradigms are activated by cytokines generated by several cell types within the CL, including immune cells and endothelial cells [ 7 11 16 ] . The synergistic actions of IFNγ and TNFα, for example, induce steroidogenic cell apoptosis [ 13 17 ] , as does soluble Fas ligand (FasL) [ 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ] . Furthermore, several acute intracellular signaling events either required for, or associated with, the functional and structural aspects of luteal regression have been mapped using in vitro steroidogenic cell cultures [ 8 27 28 ] .
It is critical that he hear from you so he knows that people around the world support this effort.
I know I am the laughingstock of the whole campus and that no man will look at me because "Jim" didn't want me.
Although the details are kept private, it is well known that many private-sector firms set rates via contracts with selected customers.
God knows he's kept me all these years.
This is key: without the ability to know what's in tap water alternatives, knowing what's in tap water isn't worth much.
No alternative mechanism for cysteine incorporation into proteins is known; hence the absence of CysRS in these organisms was an enigma.
' And N. David Mermin adds, 'We now know that the moon is demonstrably not there when nobody looks.
I do not know which of these hypotheses is closest to the truth and am not aware of any research that settles that question.
There are also systems in which heterozygosity at a single locus is required for female development (known as complementary sex determination; [3]), as well as systems involving sex determination via multiple genes with additive effects.
He knew there is no authentic self, as there is no God, as ther is no deep reality, as Niels Bohr used to tell him.l But it was hard work to remember there is no authentic, and his political comrades and their revolutionary project had helped keep all that at only barking distance.
Neither of us mentioned the discrepancy in pronunciation, but equally neither of us would budge from what we knew to be right.
I know exactly how they feel.
Everybody knows that the best universities, law firms, hospitals, investment banks, and the State Department used to be run by preppies whose main virtue was fortunate birth, and are now open to one and all on the basis of merit.
Respondents were informed that this included the responsibility of the clinician to let the patient know about any procedure or medical decision, reasonable alternatives to it, and the risks, benefits, uncertainties, and possible consequences related to each alternative.
Who knew it would come to this?
"Do you know how old he was when he composed his first piece of music, Theo?"
More than two-thirds of the gene clusters we identified are not enriched for known regulatory elements, highlighting the potential for discovering novel sequences involved in gene-expression regulation.
I don't know who that is, and I don't know who you are.
I should have known I'd get myself in trouble by calling names of my favorite editorial illustrators.
Because of its metabolic role, drugs which interfere with MAOA such as clorgyline have been used to treat ADHD [ 64 ] . The most notable of MAOA polymorphism was a nonsense mutation that led to a complete loss of MAOA function in males showing extreme forms of impulsive behavior and aggression [ 65 ] . More recently, the association with aggression was replicated in a study showing that maltreated children with certain alleles of MAOA were more likely to show aggressive behaviors [ 66 ] . MAOA male knockout mice also show high levels of aggression [ 67 ] . Less severe genetic variants are known to exist in MAOA which have been studied as candidates to explain various dimensions of psychiatric illness.
During debates over development of Leipzig's huge chemical plants, R is known to have said, "We don't want to stink up our country for all future generations."
But you know, Andrew, there is an anti-Leninist left, that believes in workers' councils and other localized forms of ownership, that opposes vanguard parties and state power left and right.
Seriously, though, I know some of you are not all that happy with a number of the Commission's recommendations.
This is the dangerous point, as Merle knows well.
I guess you must know that today is the birthday of ODB (Old Dirty Bastard) of the Wu-Tang Clan.
In contrast, a sequence alignment of all known inteins shows intein sequences to be much more divergent (not shown).
I don't know what my sister and brother-in-law were thinking, to make the girl go through with such a thing in this day and age.
Thus the statement "To everything there is a season" (Ecclesiastes 3:1) was universally known, but at the same time it was almost universally ascribed to "a song from the '60s."
The annotation of release 2.3 of May 2001 contained 339 known genes.
TIMMY: You know I hate that name!
All we know is that Pieter de Hooch, one of the masters of Dutch painting, was buried in the cemetery in Amsterdam, his body having been carried directly from the dolhuys , the house for the insane.
He's got a list and he tells everybody he knows.
"Siegfried, did you know it's taken me years to be able to sing blues?"
While mutations in this region of the gene are known to result in dramatic differences in ability of bacteria to respond to environmental stresses [ 33 ] , the functional significance of these differences between M. avium and M. paratuberculosis are at present unknown.
It is unclear whether the brain always knows the difference between processing the sensory input we usually think of as perception of reality and processing the processing which, as mirrors can reflect each other, can approach infinity as sense data become perceptions, become organized ideas, become abstract categories and then categories of categories.
"It does appear, however, that we can sell them the next to nothing we know for a lot of money."
Knowing the basis on which the case instances were selected, for example, is crucial in cumulation; otherwise it is not possible to know whether best case, worst case, typical, or the like instances are being aggregated.
She would know that her WTO colleagues wait for her in the Snivilling Lounge.
However, for the purpose of future applications, it is useful to also know whether a method tends to underestimate or overestimate the true number of clusters.
Many of you have used Linux and don't even know it, because many of the Web sites you frequent to check the weather or buy airplane tickets are powered by Linux.
A decade later, CWD was identified as one of the neurodegenerative diseases called spongiform encephalopathies, the most notorious example of which is bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), more commonly known as mad cow disease.
Although independent corroboration is not to be had, a journal entry in 1936 makes evident that he was back in Germany, involved with a Lutheran minister whom we know only as Dietrich B___.
It said, "It is well known that the Kosovo issue is an internal affair of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia involving complex ethnic and religious contradictions.
All 23 of the known microRNAs in Drosophila are located precisely in the Release 3 genome.
No one knows just how many have been deported as a result of the interviews or of the various dragnets conducted over the past three years.
Then my daughter got up the nerve to say: Um, this is nice but you know I really like Crispix.
We know that access to stairway A was possible from at least the 81st and 84th floors, and from several other floors between the 84th and 91st floor.
I think he knows more than he's told us.
Then, after the rats knew the route, Lai confused them by dumping powdered milk into the water, making it harder to navigate--the rats had to make it to the platform by memory, rather than by sight.
Learning curves, well known in arenas from airplane manufacture to diamond cutting to cigar manufacture, show that every time the total output of a plant is doubled, the cost per unit falls by a rough constant percentage, typically to percent.
I know, I know what you're thinking: Enough with the obsessive-compulsive glimpses of the old days.
Orrin Hatch said Americans are entitled to know about felonies committed by a candidate.
The most popular form of shadow theater is known as Wayang Siam.
However, the CIA knew from both human sources and signals intelligence that Khallad was tied to al Qaeda.
The legend states that Adelita was a woman who fought in the Revolution, but it is not known if she actually existed as an individual; she came to epitomize all soldaderas and courageous women of that period.
A front-page LAT story and one inside at the NYT cover a sociological finding coming out today in the journal Science . It's well known that people will under-report their questionable behavior when asked about it by an interviewer, but it has long been assumed that this problem was addressed by conducting surveys via paper and pencil questionnaires.
Processed henequen soon became known around the world as sisal.
Well, it seems straightforward enough; we all know more or less what it is to make a living.
No matter the size of the donation, please know that your gift will be appreciated and make a difference.
* Readers should know that I used to work and play basketball with her husband, David Shipley, an editor at the New York Times , who is a great guy.
This organization proved helpful in ensuring that reasons why a site showed up as an outlier for a given theme could be discussed by someone who knew the site as a whole.
The franchise belongs to all Americans and even to resident noncitizens who are capable of knowing, in the minimal theory of democratic voting, when “the shoe pinches.”
By their Web sites ye shall know them.
Although known as the birthplace of the famous dramatist Luigi Pirandello (1867–1936), Agrigento’s Valley of the Temples (Valle dei Templi) is its showpiece attraction, dating back to the fifth century b.c.
As a neurologist subspecializing in epilepsy at a respected academic institution, I (DH) assumed that I knew everything I needed to know about epilepsy and patients with epilepsy.
Among the Mexicanos of the border they were known as Los Diablos Tejanos, “the Texas devils.”
I just know he did and I plan to make something of my life with GILL’s help.
The experience gave Arrigan and Quinn a sense of higher purpose, and what else do you need to know?
Most of Portugal is known for quaint towns, medieval castles, and grand palaces.
The form of these aggregates is not yet known but could include both the large aggregates (e.g.
I know that you make it a point to be involved in your community and to support a variety of worthy causes.
We all know you shouldn't shoot the guy.
Literally right next door is an area known to locals as Las Ollas — the name means “frying pans,” perhaps pertaining to the circular shape of this natural swimming hole carved by the sea.
In addition, Vax1 interacts with several molecules including sonic hedgehog, Pax2 , Pax6 , and Rx that are known to be important during development of the basal forebrain [ 27, 50].
A novel molecular species, Q, introduced into one species would be sequestered, leave the cell unchanged and be taken up by other cells or lost in the soil, or undergo a reaction to form a known or a novel species.
However you choose to participate, I know you'll enjoy being a part of the Herron School of Art and Gallery.
Nothing of that: even torn by the flaws in the tape it was a voice that knew it was dying,
For the next three centuries Nepal had three city-states side by side in the valley — Kantipur (now known as Kathmandu), Lalitpur (now known as Patan), and Bhaktapur (also sometimes called Bhadgaon), along with their hinterlands.
The statistical model implemented in GoMiner assumes, as our state of prior knowledge, that we know when two 'genes' are identical but nothing about their relationship if they are not identical.
We know that we have encountered it someplace before.
This letter is to let you know that we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management, vibrant theatrical productions and outstanding educational programs.
Two days later, she quoted Dole in another story: "They've turned the White House into something else, I don't know what it is.
Until 1961 the street was known as Stalin-Allee.
Turn north from here up the carrer del Àngels, and you will reach the most conspicuous symbol of the transformation underway in this neighborhood: Richard Meier’s shockingly modern, and blindingly white, Museu d’Art Contemporani de Barcelona, known by its initials, MACBA.
When they came ashore they found the A-Ma Temple (properly called Ma Kok Temple; open daily dawn to dusk), dedicated to the favorite goddess of fishermen, who is also known as Tin Hau.
Edinburgh became known as the “Athens of the North” for both its aesthetic beauty and its wealth of talented individuals.
Guadeloupe and Martinique, much the largest of the islands and about 160 km (100 miles) apart, are becoming internationally known resorts.
Largely an amusement park in the middle of the lake, Three Hills (known locally as “Fairy Island”) contains a new four-tiered temple with the statue of an ancient emperor, providing an enchanting view of Lake Tai from the top.
After the establishment-minded press of Delhi, the newspapers in Calcutta seem bright, ebullient, and vitriolic; while Mumbai’s filmmakers are masters of melodrama, Calcutta’s cinema is known for its sensitivity and poetry, producing faithful mirrors of village and city life in the hands of such directors as Satyajit Ray and Mrinal Sen.
And, of course, it can change dramatically and quickly, so go prepared clothes-wise, and know that you might not see much but clouds.
Flowing in and out of 80 arched passageways known as vomitoria, aristocrats and plebs alike came to see blood: bears, lions, tigers, and leopards starved into fighting each other and against criminals, war captives, and (according to some historians) Christians.
The Maritimes and Newfoundland, together now known as the Atlantic Provinces, have often felt neglected.
One way to get your bearings upon arrival is to walk out on the jetty known as the Ilhéu de Pontinha and view Funchal as those aboard cruise ships do.
Until recently, few visitors knew (or wanted to know) anything of Mallorca’s deep south.
The 90-minute drive from Toronto to Niagara Falls (130 km/81 miles south of Toronto) curves around the west end of Lake Ontario through the province’s industrial heartland — Mississauga, Hamilton, and St. Catharines, known as the Golden Horseshoe.
No one knows really why tinsmith Shem Drowne chose the grasshopper motif, although some say it symbolizes good fortune.
The state of Yamato, as early Japan was known, was organized into uji, or clusters of clans, together with subordinate guilds of farmers, fishermen, hunters, weavers, and potters, all subject to the dominant uji of the imperial family.
The landscape of the eastern peninsula, known as the Ponta de São Lourenço, is more like Porto Santo and the Ilhas Desertas than Madeira.
Known as the Cruz de Portugal (Cross of Portugal), it depicts the crucifixion of Christ on one face and the descent from the cross on the other.
Northwest of the VT is the bustling Crawford Market (known in post-Independence as Mahatma Jyotiba Phule).
The town was known as Pile of Bones until they were ground up for fertilizer.
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work.
You and I know that solutions to difficult problems don't just happen.
Let our families and children know that you want them to have the same kinds of memories of the holidays you will have.
The teens have also decided to raise money to provide camperships for other campers because they know what Jameson has meant to them.
As a sponsor, you and your guests will have a special evening, knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool, childcare, senior and resettlement services, as well as quality cultural events in our community.
But Chatterbox doesn't know any other easily understandable phrase that describes this particular kind of offense.)
But the administration knew that theTaliban was unlikely to turn over Bin Ladin.
The Temple (today known as the “First” Temple) was completed by David’s son and successor, King Solomon.
We know very little about how much equality the framers of the amendment intended to secure, and frankly it does not matter.
And by saying that the motion was untimely, it was not legally untimely, it was untimely in my view only in the sense that it came, as I said, on the eve of trial, when we knew that there was going to be an issue with respect to their testimony at trial.
I don't know what else to do, but I'm not going to go through the charade of having them take the stand and assert, you know, as articulately as they can the privilege that they believe that they can avail themselves of.
You're experienced counsel and you know that.
You know, if our clients are believed, the reporters did talk to them but took misrepresentative statements so that they left things out to put them in a false light and in so doing have created articles that, if they were admitted for the truth of the matter asserted, would be misrepresentative.
No, because -- and I know this is difficult, but it goes like this.
Well, I don't know about that.
And, you know, we'll work through that issue.
Now, there's a bit of street wisdom, and I don't know whether you agree with this or not, and that street wisdom is, don't believe everything you read in the newspapers.
There were other textbooks that were being adopted and controversies over them, and, you know, it was sort of a rallying thing, I suppose.
And he responded to her basically saying that there's, you know, a problem with the textbook, it needs to be balanced, comments about laced with Darwinism, it needed to be balanced with creationism.
Take another moment to look at it if you need to, but I would like to know whether it refreshes your recollection about anything else that happened at that meeting.
And I know that she spoke because the thing that she said seemed very similar to her graduation speech that she had said just previously.
So I think we're charged with, you know, having an ethical decision to make when we walk into the classroom, the things that we say and the things that we do, and so I think that's very important.
don't agree with the age of, you know, the earth and their opinion.
As much as I know about the scientific community -- and, you know, you have to remember that's not my discipline.
I mean, I can absolutely say that without knowing everything about Darwin or knowing everything about science.
To continue keeping them, you know, going through the Dover School District.
I remember Casey Brown, one of the board members at the time, discussing, during the board meeting with the board, that she felt they were, I'm paraphrasing, treading, you know, on -- they were treading closely to violating the Pennsylvania State Board of Education regulations on religion in the classroom.
Do you know which book it was that the controversy was about?
Only those of the Arrallin Insurrection inner team knew he was no common 'beta furry'.
The only thing I know about Gilbert is that I find him listed as co-author of Muskrat Ramble .
If we had only that scene to go by we would never really know, and all because of a Puzzling Pronoun —or two!
That is not entirely true, for linguists know too much about language to suggest that there ever was, literally, a single language from which all Indo-European languages descended.
This is not to suggest that Dickson's book is a catalogue of bloopers, or what Amsel Greene (and Jack Smith) like to call pullet surprises . There are many interesting entries in Family Words which, as far as I know, is the first documentation of the genre.
In any event, it is hard to discern, from the arch style affected in an attempt to make dull facts interesting, just what is the origin of sow one's wild oats . In many entries, Claiborne labors the obvious, offering little or nothing we do not already know, could easily imagine, or for which the author offers no explanation.
In response to the tradition of the burning of Zozobra, a group of New Mexico Chicanos started a tradition of burning El Kookoóee, a figure known by many Chicanos as the bogeyman, during the Festival de Otoño.
Let me know if you don't hear from her today.
We don't know who is winning the drug war in Latin America, but we know who's losing it -- the press.
On the river side of the Tui­leries, the compact Orangerie (closed for renovation until late 2002) is best known for its ground-floor rooms decorated with Monet’s beautiful Nymphéas murals.
But it is known that it was used as an initiation ritual among friends and peers, to show solidarity and allegiance to a particular barrio.
If you don't know who your Alderman is, contact the Mayor's office at 594-3341.
The château, which belonged to the powerful Condé dynasty in the 17th century, consists of a reconstruction of the great edifice destroyed in the Revolution — known as the Grand Château — joined to the charming, authentic Renaissance building called the Petit Château.
I know that the earth circles the sun, that the earth is roughly spherical, that chairs are used to sit on.
As you know, Indiana University School of Medicine is in the midst of a major fundraising campaign.
As most observers of the apparel industry know, contracting out the assembly of garments has become common for American manufacturers, although the use of contracting differs between the men’s and women’s industry.
We want you to Know why your support of Goodwill is so important.
The historic heart of the city lies on a small peninsula at the south end of the strait, known as Saray Burnu, or Seraglio Point.
The Penitentes of New Mexico were known to sing alabados during Lenten rituals, Holy Week processions, and other religious ceremonies.
We still do not know what causes SIDS, we cannot predict which babies are vulnerable, nor can we prevent all SIDS deaths.
The following four centuries of Ottoman rule are known as Greece’s darkest age.
They are not as well known as farolitos in contemporary American popular culture, and one often finds farolitos mistakenly called luminarias, and magazine articles describe how to make them, especially during the Christmas holidays.
I know that from my desk at The Salvation Army, I have a unique perspective, and I want you to know without a doubt that we are meeting needs -- one person at a time, every day ...
Make your way westward to the Pont Saint-Martin for a first view of the city’s most enchanting quarter, the old tannery district known as Petite France.
It is deeply interesting to me that no one knows why.
As you know, my husband Layton and I have been active in the Leukemia Society since our son Nick was diagnosed with leukemia.
Henceforth he became known as “Fatih” (Conqueror), and his newly won capital city was renamed Istanbul.
Mexican folklore traditions, folk songs, and folk dances had been taught within Mexican colonias (neighborhoods), today known as barrios, since before the 1930s, usually through the efforts of a single individual in the community, in church halls and mutual aid society halls, but not in the public schools.
You need to know that the IRT is talked about very favorably among theatre artists around the country.
The opposite end of Praia da Rocha’s long stretch is known as Praia do Vau.
There is no autonomous agent, no one, who knows how the whole system works, any more than anyone at present knows how the global economic system works in its myriad interactions, deals, steals, hopes, and frustrations.
After six days of eyeball-to-eyeball challenge (now known in the US as the “Cuban Missile Crisis”), the potential nuclear disaster was averted when Khrushchev backed down in return for a US promise never to invade Cuba.
A gene with K = known inputs has, in the Boolean idealization, to the rd, or , possible on-o states of those inputs, as we have seen.
It is great to know that people, like you, who have graduated from our program are willing to support us in such a significant way.
The surrounding area is well known for its bird life.
As a member of the law school's __, I know you are aware of our progress.
Inside, left of the Baroque nave, go down to Naples’ earliest known Christian sanctuary, the fourth-century Ba­si­li­ca of Santa Restituta, in which the original Roman columns survived the 1688 earthquake.
Since that time the college has become known as D-Q University.
A more cynical view is that the sands provide a cure for which there is no known disease.
The German architect Karl Friedrich Schinkel is best known for his severe Classical public buildings such as the superb Altes Museum in Berlin, but he also worked in other styles: Gothic in churches, and picturesque Italianate in villas.
It was a city of beautiful palaces and temples, and a place of learning, with one of the most renowned libraries in the known world.
Everybody knows that who knows anything” (1923b, 9).
I know you're committed to ensuring today's children have safe, healthy, and positive summer experiences.
Now just what might it mean to know about the gas system?
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know.
The Indians had known other conquerors, but at least they had been able to gain a sense of them as human beings.
This is the Mexican people’s slang term for the government card issued to legal immigrant residents, also known as the “green card,” in the United States.
Also, you have the satisfaction of knowing that your colleagues are being urged to emulate your good judgment.
His father, Hirohito, was until 1946 considered a divinity, the living descendant of the gods that created Japan (or ancient Yamato, as it is more evocatively known).
In general, to maximize operating profit, a manufacturer must know the factory’s overall cycle time, work-in-process carrying costs, finished or hanging goods carrying costs, unit production costs, and unit selling price, as well as the Cv for each SKU of a given style.
You and I know that solutions to difficult problems don't just happen.
Precisely this pattern of branching dierentiation is known in all multicelled organisms.
I know you can.
The alliance became known as the Delian League.
Indeed, part of why I have so blatantly borrowed Wittgenstein’s title, without my presumption to similar intellectual stature, is that there is a parallel between Wittgenstein’s abandonment of the Tractatus and growing awareness of knowing as living a language game, and a central theme of this Investigations, that there may be a limit to the way Newton taught us to do science and a need to reformulate what we do when we and other agents get on with living a life.
...a living tradition of voluntary action for the public good known as "philanthropy."
These intellectuals form­ed an underground group known as the “Young Turks,” centred on Salonica, where revolt broke out.
As is well known in the art, you have neither underfit nor overfit your data.
As a former subscriber/donor/current donor/current subscriber, you know it takes a good deal of money to bring these stories to you.
Greenberg is also known for large country houses, both in the United States and in Europe.
As you know, you can participate as an individual by making an annual unrestricted gift of $1,000 or more for Chancellor's Circle, or of $500 or more for Chancellors Associates.
Stag’s Head (Dame Court) is known for its good food.
No one knows.
I know that our staff and committee members will be happy to go with you to talk to these group if you need their help.
Known as Achaeans, they were the first Greek-speaking people in the area, and over the centuries they built many imposing fortresses and developed the rich Mycenaean civilization, based in the Peloponnese.
In my three decades of teaching university courses in child development, I have come to know thousands of students, many of whom were parents or who became parents soon after completing my class.
Nothing except knowing that you are helping to protect the Earth's precious natural resources.
Kebyar is the name of a group of solo dances of which the best known are performed by a seated man, using only the upper body.
In the past several years, I have had the pleasure to come to know Lee Smolin, whose career is devoted to quantum gravity and cosmology.
At that point, I knew that if people who are disabled are to compete in this world and be productive, we have to compete on a non-disabled basis.
Besakih, known as Bali’s “mother temple,” stands high up on the southwestern slopes of the mountain.
In contemporary Spain, the province of Alicante continues to have a major festival known as Las Fiestas de Moros y Cristianos that is a combination of religious and secular processions, with up to 5,000 lavishly costumed participants.
A living museum of the Art Deco architecture that characterized Los Angeles’s rise to greatness during the 1920s and 1930s, the section of Wilshire between La Brea and Fairfax avenues, known as the “miracle mile,” is slowly being renovated after years of neglect.
Thus, it appears that evolution has, in fact, tuned the choices of Boolean rules used to govern genes with K = and K = known inputs, as well as genes with K = and K = inputs that we have sampled, sharply in favor of a high bias toward usage of Boolean rules that are canalyzing functions.
This means our commitment to quality is shown backstage, as nationally known professional designers and directors create the exciting theatre you enjoy.
The entertainment capital of the world knows how to entertain like no place else on earth.
He then argues that on very crude calculations most alterations in the known constants would be expected to lower the number of black holes.
If there is any way I can be of assistance, just let me know.
Perhaps higher primates who are trained to manipulate simple symbols with apparent reference to the world also can “know that” with respect to propositions.
We want you as a true partner because we know you share our deep conviction that philanthropy is essential to our democratic society.
At the Great Boulevard’s intersection with Dohány utca is the New York Café (formerly known as the Hungaria).
As is known qualitatively by many outside the confines of the physics community, string theory began by giving up the picture of fundamental particles as zero-dimensional, point particles.
And the first step toward accomplishing something, of course, is learning that it's possible - growing up experiencing home ownership as a fact of daily life ...knowing there's a quiet place to study ...having your friends over to play without being embarrassed about where you live.
The shorter one, 2 km (1 mile) to the outstanding lookout point known as the Balcões (“balconies”), takes just 45 minutes roundtrip.
Also known as peladito, this comic hobo is the underdog, a nobody who is criticized and made fun of by the whole world.
As a sponsor, you and your guests will have a special evening, knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool, childcare, senior and resettlement services, as well as quality cultural events in our community.
The ancient walled city of Kaifeng, located in eastern Henan (Honan) Province, lies near enough to the unpredictable Yellow River to have known more than its share of catastrophes — and when it wasn’t being flooded it was being pillaged.
Whether you attended classes full time, were an adult returning student, or worked full time in a career while taking classes, I believe you know first hand how important it was that Liberal Arts was open and available to you--and you also know how important it still is.
The people of Sikkim are mostly made up of Nepalese and Lepchas — the country’s original settlers known also as Rongpan, the people of the ravines — and Bhutias from Tibet.
The government wants to know how many blacks and other minorities live in particular sections of the country.
The section of Robson Street between Burrard and Bute streets is known as Robsonstrasse.
Then, if you know of or come across someone who needs our help, please give the card to him or her.
A district known as the Baixa (Lower City) — the low-lying area between hills on either side — was devastated by the great earthquake of 1755.
Our postbellum commitment to democracy is well known.
The exact casualty figure will never be known, but it is estimated that 5,000 died immediately and between 40,000 and 60,000 perished as a result of secondary injuries and the ensuing famine and pestilence.
12 It has long been known that inventories at the macroeconomic level affect the depth and length of business cycles.
Right now, there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves.
On the main road, alongside the walls close to the Damascus Gate, you will find Solomon’s Quarries, which are also known as Zedekiah’s Cave after a legend that King Zedekiah and his army fled from the Babylonians via this route in 587 b.c.
I know how to tie my shoes and am learning how to play jazz drums.
But time is marching on and I know all of you will want to make plans to attend the 1991 IU Fall Dental Conference.
Christopher Columbus knew these streets, and he prayed at the Ermita de San Antonio Abad before setting off on his first Voyage of Discovery to the New World.
But is infinitesimally small compared to the number of possible proteins of length , namely, . In short, the known universe has not had time since the big bang to create all possible proteins of length once.
The IRT knows something about telling stories - we're in that business.
They push the known human settlement of central Beijing back to 20,000 b.c.
Thus, whatever the demon’s eorts, there remain the issues of just what features of a nonequilibrium system the demon must measure such that work can be extracted, how the demon knows to measure those features rather than other useless features, and how, once measured, couplings come into existence in the universe that actually extract work.
As a sponsor, you and your guests will have a special evening, knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool, childcare, senior and resettlement services, as well as quality cultural events in our community.
No one knew how far our collective promise to realize equality in American life would take us.
Rather than giving her sister's children to Social Services - to strangers - Wanda chose to take on the responsibility of raising them herself, knowing full well that the likelihood of her sister coming back into the picture as a fulltime mother was not a strong one, at all.
Today the industry is known for the quality of its polishing and of the expertise of many independent traders.
This is the common name given to the Aztec princess Malintzin Tenépal, also known as Doña Marina.
I don't know why God chose me.
He made Beijing, then known as Khanbaliq (Khan’s Town) or Dadu (Great Capital), the base for his extensive travels in China as emissary of the Khan.
In his reminiscences of vaquero culture and of the impact Mexican Sonorans had on California, Rojas shows a side of Chicano culture not commonly known.
As you know, the Annual Fund is an integral part of Cathedral's financial infra-structure each year.
Líneas Salmón has eight boats and runs a frequent and inexpensive ferry service between Puerto Rico, Arguineguín and Mogán, offering a charming way of getting to know this part of the coastline.
According to an Aztec legend, Aztlán was the place from which the Mexica Aztecas came, known as the place of emergence, in some codices identified as the “seven-cave place.”
We didn't know as much about it as we do today, and were learning and adjusting to diabetes at the same time we were building our marriage.
It is no accident that the French are best known for their food and wine, their clothes and perfumes, their dashing art and monumental architecture.
This enlarged shared world gives us more know-how, and more know that.
During the seven-year “reign of the colonels,” as the succeeding years are known, political parties were dissolved, the press was censored, and left-wing sympathizers were exiled, tortured, and imprisoned.
That would be convenient since matter does dominate antimatter, and no one knows just why.
Let our families and children know that you want them to have the same kinds of memories of the holidays you will have.
It really looks the part; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it.
We know this with confidence.
Please, make a tax deductible gift to Community Centers of Indianapolis in 1999, and know that COMPANY is playing an important part in meeting the needs of its community.
A US purchase of the island from Spain had long been on the agenda, even though Martí had warned of becoming a satellite of the United States (“I know the Monster, because I have lived in its lair,” he wrote).
I know the theory does not apply to real sand, with its rough edges, and works well with short-grain Swedish rice, but I love it anyway.
Who knows how many people dropped their interest in Dental Assisting when they heard the tuition costs at other schools?
Here it is easy to see why this city is also known as Lalitpur (Beautiful City).
The art of cooking, like the art of architecture, lies in knowing how to establish the appropriate relations between the three conditions.
What you may not know is that the money for that restoration came from a capital and endowment fund-separate from the money needed annually to produce our plays and education programs.
This disastrous French naval defeat is known as the Battle of Les Saintes.
In addition, these managers need to know weekly demand variation as well as average weekly demand for each SKU.
You know that funding for public higher education is declining nationwide.
Historians have noted that the horsemen are using stirrups, the earliest known example of their use in India.
Relatively little is known about molecular pathogenesis, genetic diversity and adaptive strategy of C. pneumoniae . Although the genomic organization of these independent strains is very similar (over 99.
In fact, it is primarily through the corridos that Adelita is known today.
And you know that line was coming.
I know my anger is misplaced.
It should come as no surprise that, as the greatest patron that painters, sculptors, and architects have ever known, the Catholic Church should house in its headquarters, one of the world’s richest collections of art.
And as far as identifying the gene changes that were selected during evolution, although we have several candidates, we don't know how or if these gene variants affect our cognitive abilities.
One of the most significant changes in retail inventory management in recent years has been the introduction of vendor-managed inventory (VMI) programs, also known as Continuous Replenishment Programs (CRP) or Continuous Product Replenishment (CPR).
After Scrooge has been visited by the three spirits, " ...it was always said of him that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge.
Still, it's nice to know you're not bothered by the fact that I've read them.
The Panjiayuan Antique and Curio Market (variously known as the “Dirt Market,” “Ghost Market,” and “Sunday Market”) is the most interesting to browse in Beijing.
The high per levels in cry1,2 -/-mice and the low per levels in clock mutant mice [ 26 47 ] correlate with their contrasting sleep phenotype (see above; [ 34 ] ). In this context, the sleep abnormalities in dbp -/-mice might also be related to a reduction in per expression since, at least in vitro , DBP can amplify the CLOCK:BMAL1-induced transcription of per [ 48 ] , but it is not known whether per transcript levels are altered in dbp -/-mice.
How does the demon know what features to measure?
An article on the graying of Hollywood says boomer studio execs no longer know which stars to bank on: Mad City (John Travolta, Dustin Hoffman) and Sphere (Hoffman, Sharon Stone, and Samuel L. Jackson) tanked, but teen flicks Scream 2 and I Know What You Did Last Summer hit pay dirt.
In addition to the legend of La Llorona (Weeping Woman), another widespread legend in Chicano folklore is the Vanishing Hitchhiker, although not always known by this name.
As a contributor to the Council in past appeals I know that you are aware of our mission---to prepare girls with ethical values, character, a desire to succeed and a commitment to their community.
A sense of ocean and old trees Envelops and allures him;Tradition, touching all he sees, Beguiles and reassures him;And all her doubts of what he saysAre dimmed with what she knows of days--Till even prejudice delays, And fades, and she secures him.
The highest division is the makuuchi, of which the champions are known as yokozuna.
With intrinsic factors, unequal amounts of cell-fate determinants are distributed into the two cells prior to their separation [ 29 ] . Among the intrinsic factors underlying asymmetric division, the interactions of the Numb differentiation-associated protein with Notch proliferation-associated signaling is the model most widely studied, ranging from bacteria, yeast, and Drosophila to mammals [ 30 ] . Mammalian cells known to exhibit asymmetric division include diverse cell types such as neuronal cells, thymocytes, and satellite cells involved in myogenesis, and the list is growing [ 29 30 31 32 ] .
It has been known since the seminal work of Jacob and Monod in and , work for which they won the Nobel Prize, that genes can turn one another on and o.
Please help more children in Hamilton County, like Becky, know about a safe positive place for them in their non-school hours.
'You know, this truth stuff is pretty cool.
Hemingway photos adorn the walls, his seat is on the extreme left of the elegant mahogany bar, and his favorite daiquiri is now referred to as the “Papa Hemingway,” with double rum and no sugar (everyone knows he was an alcoholic; the barmen claim he was also diabetic).
Since ALLHAT is a comparative trial, we know that doxazosin is associated with more adverse cardiovascular outcomes than low-dose chlorthalidone, but we do not know how doxazosin might compare with placebo.
A new constitutional order would arise from the war, but no one quite knew what shape it would take.
Did you know that about 20 percent of America's workers have low basic skills and 75 percent of unemployed adults have reading or writing difficulties?
They therefore knew exactly when the troubling words were uttered and when the door was opened, in relation to the plane's dive.
He commissioned the Parthenon, Erechtheíon, Temple of Athena Nike, and Propylaia, taking advantage of a new marble quarry on Mount Pentelikon — the marble became known as Pentelic.
The second part of prescreening called on the air carriers to implement an FAA-approved computerized algorithm (known as CAPPS, for Computer Assisted Passenger Prescreening System) designed to identify passengers whose profile suggested they might pose more than a minimal risk to aircraft.
The bishop wanted a sign from the Great Lady so that he would know it was really she who was sending Juan Diego.
He loaned them money, out of his own pocket, something he never wanted Marilee to know about.
Gates "must know that the chances of a drastic remedy--such as the breakup of the company he founded are no longer negligible," the paper said.
The Museo Arqueológico de la Costa Grande, located near the eastern end of Paseo del Pescador, traces the history of this area from pre-Hispanic times, when the place was known as Zihuatlán, through the colonial era.
The 120 kDa and 140 kDa bands likely represent the β1 and α5 subunits (as above), while the 150 kDa band may represent either the α2 or α3 integrin subunits, which are known to be expressed by VSMCs [ 26 ] . Affinity chromatography on the control III 11-C column yielded no radioiodinated proteins that were eluted from the column (Fig.
The Chicano muralists sought to paint the history they knew, a history often based on “oral traditions, legends and myths” (Romo, 136).
As you know, a library is a living resource, where the cultural history, the scientific discovery, and the philosophical dialogue of a planet is gathered for active exploration and study.
And we know that Toensing spoke off the record, contradicting the originally published version.
The university bookshop — known locally as book rooms — on College Street is the best in town.
Protein phosphatase 5 has been implicated in the control of cell proliferation, in hormonal signal transduction, and in hsp90 chaperone function [ 3 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 ] . However little is known about the regulation of PP5 or its specific role in these pathways, and only one physiological substrate for PP5 has been identified to date, the apoptosis signaling kinase ASK 1 [ 13 ] . PP5 can be activated by lipid in vitro , and removal of the TPR domain or the C terminus generates an active, lipid insensitive form of the enzyme [ 18 19 20 21 ] . PP5 phosphatase activity is also altered by hCRY2 and a fragment of hsp90 in vitro [ 21 22 ] . These findings suggest that PP5 may be autoinhibited and that the binding of protein partners or lipids to the TPR domain could potentially control PP5 activity in cells, however no reports have yet documented how PP5 is regulated in vivo . The activity of PP5 homologs from cauliflower, T. brucei and P. falciparum is stimulated by polyunsaturated fatty acids in vitro [ 7 8 9 10 ] and removal of the TPR domain from P. falciparum PP5 increases activity to the same extent as lipid treatment [ 8 9 ] . This suggests that the TPR domain plays a similar inhibitory role for all PP5 homologs.
Had I known such strange events would occur, I assure you I would have spent much more time studying physics in Minshall Lab and less time playing bridge in the Hub.
That, as we all know, is a forlorn hope (to abuse a Dutch cliché): those who “know” that when two or more people or things are the subject of a verb you have to use were , not was , regardless of the context, are like those who “know” (like the people at Elizabeth Arden) that millennium is spelled with one n, who “know” that it is Parmagiana , not Parmigiana (like the people at Burger King), and who have no doubt that baking soda, baking powder, washing soda, and ice-cream soda are all the same thing.
Every camera crew, TV correspondent, and newspaper reporter gathered on Pennsylvania Avenue knows, to a nearly perfect certainly, that we will report nothing of substance this morning.
A couple of years ago I wrote a piece of my own about Che in The New Yorker and, though I knew better, I ended up adding a superfluous nod to the innate "nobility" of this man whose fanaticism and lack of human sympathy brought about so much suffering and death.
Ranch words of Mexican origin, besides ranch itself, are: rodeo, latigo `a long strap to fasten the cinch to a Western saddle,' corral (a word I could not find in an English dictionary, except in its Afrikaans form kraal, when I needed to know how to spell it some sixty years ago), bronc(o), palomino, buckeroo (which I have heard used only in fun), and chaps, to list a few that come to mind.
So who knows?
Although we can sometimes take the shortcut to just the specific name, it is better to use both names at first mention, unless we are sure the people addressed know what genus we are talking about, because many of the same specific names are used in other genera.
Even before knowing the details, Vice President Al Gore criticized it yesterday."
Because they knew their victims would be unarmed!
I know, I know, the printer nightmare is all just a glitch, and you'll fix it over the weekend and it will only take 20 hours of your time and as a result of the printer all the computers and appliances in the house will crash and have to be rebooted and reinstalled and reconfigured and one or two of the cats who are too close to the power source will get electrocuted, but then by Monday ...
In addition, the LAT notes Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko's dubious record: he extended his term in a dummy referendum, and has been known to gag the opposition press and imprison dissidents.
By this time, of course, the number and complexity of Aboriginal languages was well known, and the Port Jackson language, or Dharuk as it is now known, was long extinct.
It's that no one knows whether they are necessary and no one is willing to ask.
And a crucial component of that rate of return is the interest rate on the 30-year bond, since you know you can get that without any risk at all.
This week's issue includes headlines such as "Your Family May Be Living Under a Curse ... And Not Even Know It!" and "Cement Mixer Rips Man's Penis Off!" and "Last Living Neanderthal Family Found In Icelandic Cave!"
Also underfoot is the venerable "cousin Don" theory of literature--you know: "You're a writer?
Speakers who want to impress their audiences know they have to telegraph key points and facts, then announce them, then repeat, dramatize, explain, and embellish.
My parents have voiced an interest in "getting to know" her parents, and while I am all for it, I sense some reluctance on my partner's side.
Meanwhile, on the USAT front Barbara Bush mounts a defense of George W.'s gravitas: "People don't know that he is a very smart history buff and that's what he reads."
Most critics are happy to reconsider the maligned "blue period," which is now deemed "Picasso at his most accessible" by the Wall Street Journal 's Deborah Solomon ("you don't need to know the first thing about line or form to be deeply moved by them").
The late Isaiah Berlin, in a famous assessment, classified people according to whether they were hedgehogs (those who know one big thing) or foxes (people who know many little things).
The only thing I did know for sure was here's a chance to change things for me and my children.
I know you can.
I know you're committed to ensuring today's children have safe, healthy, and positive summer experiences.
Target is well known for it's support of the community, and we believe that the Summer Enrichment Program represents your interests and concerns quite well.
As a sponsor, you and your guests will have a special evening, knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool, childcare, senior and resettlement services, as well as quality cultural events in our community.
I know what you mean about being a journalist.
(Don't say Stephanopoulos didn't know.
He knew he would soon be striking the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
The people of the once-glorious city were forced into an exile known as “the Babylonian Captivity. ”
No one knew how far our collective promise to realize equality in American life would take us.
I have to try this case the best way that I know how.
I don't know what else to do, but I'm not going to go through the charade of having them take the stand and assert, you know, as articulately as they can the privilege that they believe that they can avail themselves of.
I do know from my private practice experience that I was extremely loathed to get a judge on the telephone in mid-deposition.
And I know you respect that.
Now, I don't know if that clarifies it.
And you don't want to do it again, I know, I recognize.
I spoke to my deacon about this situation, and all I know is what he told me.
It was the first time that I had really ever been around Barrie Callahan, so she strikes me -that memory strikes me because my mother had known her previously.
I know him because he was my husband's student, though.
Yes, I do recall Bill Buckingham making comments about, you know, the apes and monkeys -coming from apes and monkeys.
And she presented information to the board, documents, that she and I believe other members of the science department had researched on, I guess cases that had been set down before on creationism in the public school system or something of that nature, just to show them that, you know, if they were still considering this idea, that they might, I don't know, be met with some litigation or something.
It's now a daily occurrence, and my daughter comes home from school upset about these comments that are being made to her and, you know, is looking for guidance on how to respond to these questions.
But I also know that creationism was used repeatedly with the term -or, I'm sorry, not with the term "intelligent design."
And as far as I know, that is the case, because Dover says that it is a standards-based school, and so I assume that when they say that and they say that students have to pass certain material before they can be advanced into new material, that they would have to be abiding by the state standards.
As much as I know about the scientific community -- and, you know, you have to remember that's not my discipline.
I mean, I can absolutely say that without knowing everything about Darwin or knowing everything about science.
Well, I don't know what the question is.
Your Honor, as you know, we've got the question of whether or not these are admissible for effect.
"Answer: From what I can see from attending the board meetings, I don't know, because so much of the curriculum debate takes place at non-public meetings that I am not aware of.
They know that Hamlet and Lear are gay.
He had known “Kid” Ory well, and he said, “You know, Tom, I'm not exactly sure.
In every field, women too numerous to list were involved in developing knowledge and contributing to the welfare of their societies as they did so: the Roman Fabiola established a hospital where she worked both as nurse and doctor, becoming the first known woman surgeon before she died in AD 399.
Just when you thought it was safe to assume that we now know all we are ever likely to know about the past, someone digs another hole and unearths (literally or figuratively) some ancient artifact: one day it is a fragile scroll, found in a cave near the Dead Sea, that turns out to be pre-Biblical; the next day it is an entire terracotta army of Chinese soldiers: the next it is a skull, excavated from the Olduvai Gorge, that compels anthropologists (once again) to revise their guesses about the earliest stages of Homo sapiens sapiens vs hominids.
As everyone in the world must know by now, William Safire writes a column in The New York Times Magazine called “On Language.”
Between 1948 and 1961, fieldworkers based at the University of Leeds conducted the Survey of English Dialects, which studied 313 localities in England (which, as everyone ought to know, does not include Wales or Scotland).
The word zoot was known within the urban jazz culture of Harlem, and it meant something either exaggerated in performance or in style.
I need to forecast the money today, so please let me know what you would like to do.
So, if I know today, I can pay on Friday.
"We All are relieved to lay aside our fight-or-flight reflexes and to commemorate our births from out of the dark centers of the women, to feel the complexity of our love and frustration with each other, to stretch our cognition to encompass the thoughts of every entity we know."
On July 29, he pleaded: "Before I had ever met [Helms], before the man really knew anything about me, he said I was unfit to be ambassador, had loose lips, and was soft on drugs.
They examined these alignments for alternative splice forms and grouped them into 16,744 clusters with consistent splice sites, overlapping 9,644 known protein-encoding genes.
Husserl rightly points out that we are able to slide up and down the pole of the ego-beam at will, moving now toward the thing, now away from it to consider the act of knowing and its modalities.
There were no a priori known classes for this dataset, but the analysis of Bittner et al.
I bet they know what you look like, though."
The WP fronts a story about America Online's controversial support for a proposed new road known as the "techway" that would connect the suburbs of Maryland to Northern Virginia.
Since (a) it is generally accepted that CD4 or CD8 are physically associated to the TCR in the course of T cell activation [ 17 18 ] and (b) it is well known that mitogen activated protein (MAP) kinase signaling is involved in the selection of the T cell repertoire [ 19 20 ] , the present study further proposes that the PKC and PKA-mediated signaling, which regulates TCR expression, can coordinately modulate the selection of CD4 +CD8 -and CD4 -CD8 +T cells during human intrathymic differentiation.
claims this land as its own gift from God and I wish those who arc black, white or brown at this meeting to know this.
Who knows where the 40 percent figure came from?
And speakest now what's known of every tongue,
But then we're getting dangerously close to the realm of the pop quiz, and we all know where that got us last time.
When American 11 struck the World Trade Center at 8:46, no one in the White House or traveling with the President knew that it had been hijacked.
You knew always that I love mankind; I never could not love a man."
Dean Acheson book or no Dean Acheson book, the guy clearly doesn't know from history.
El Niño, the best known climatic disturbance, is caused by a warming of the Pacific Ocean, which then affects the climate globally.
The other replied, "I don't know, I've never looked."
But he knows that Saddam's brand of nationalism is as much of a dead end as Nasser's proved to be, and he worries that so many Arab intellectuals seem not to mind being taken for another ride.
For example, more than 40% of the human genome is now known to be composed of retroelements [ 3, 4].
How often have we not heard such people saying: "We have lived in Africa for a number or years and we know the African mind well."
Every protein NetSearch included in this network model has a description in the Yeast Proteome Database (YPD) [ 9 ] consistent with a known or plausible role in mating.
He knew it was the anti-depressants, the SSRIs, but he couldn't remember when he'd last enjoyed sex.
The point is that the phrase "in play" is a useful cover for the fact that takeovers, particularly hostile ones, are often the result of companies' panicking at the prospect of losing something they never even knew they wanted until they realized they might not be able to have it.
She denied any known drug allergies or prior exposure to sulfa containing medications or antibiotics.
As they cooled their palates and ate their dates, the Sheikh's men knew they could not be followed, as they were the masters of their desert domain.
Erik Erikson once observed that "we who know so much about the child in the adult know so much less about the fate of the adolescent in him, whether as a continued source of renewal or as a split-off younger self alternately idealized and repudiated, revived and 'murdered'--and, of course, reprojected on the young."
Frequency normalization is appealing theoretically and effective even when the constant-mean assumption is known to be invalid.
Ambrose Broussard knew about what were called "two-spirited" among the anthropological queers who wanted to authenticate their own proclivities and choices, and he felt a strong antipathy at the prospect of eliminating Oedipa.
I know, I know: there is a thematic guide in the forematter and the two types of cross references at the ends of the entries are extremely helpful; also, to have added an Index would have run up the price of the book by another 25 per cent (or whatever).
Seventeen percent reported not knowing.
He tells them the area that has been the center of the protests is known as Laikipia, which sits just north of the Equator near the towns of Nanyuki and Isiolo.
And we do know that such a gap isn't part of nature's plan for a five-month-old child--at least, to judge by hunter-gatherer societies.
He knew that Mihdhar possessed a U.S. visa, that his visa application indicated that he intended to travel to New York, that Hazmi had traveled to Los Angeles, and that a source had put Mihdhar in the company of Khallad.
I don't know you, and I'm not going with you anywhere.
The spirit of "Mama" Cass Elliot has been known to turn on the StairMaster and move jewelry around in her old home, according to the Enquirer . Once, says current owner Dan Aykroyd, the ghost even "crawled into bed" with him.
It is not known whether hypoxia interferes with translation or degradation of iNOS protein.
"I already know that."
who knows freedom's worth anything
Reference [ 6 ] describes another approach to locating modules from clusters of known weight matrices.
A co-founder of WSO, South knows the World Traders are near to discharging his firm over the flaming stink at Disney.
The entries also include pronunciations (if they vary regionally or differ from what would be expected), variant forms, etymologies (if DARE can add to what is already known about a word's history), and statements about regional and social distributions of words and forms.
For comparison, analysis of the literature relative to 50 genes picked randomly from all known human genes indexed in the LocusLink database only retrieved 49 shared terms and 109 associations (Figure 4b).
In a puddle on the floor, he thankfully blurts out what he thinks his dreadful interrogator wants to know.
On the other hand, a novelist is, presumably, `anyone who has had a novel published'; as we know, some of the most prolific novelists write as if they know little about the language, and it would be ridiculously unfair to have such a person review a dictionary.
I don't know who that is, and I don't know who you are.
'Sandwiched' transcripts were merged with their flanking indices, unless both the internal and the flanking sequences were from distinct known genes (< 150 apparent internal genes).
. . I know it's not my real house but it's my house invaded by lying hoodlums . . . who will be hurt next?
I met Kael in the mid-1980s while I was writing criticism for the Village Voice , but only got to know her after she retired from The New Yorker . In general, she's a lot more lucid than, for instance, me.
This deletion removes a cluster of acidic amino acids, similar to acidic activation domains known to activate transcription in a variety of eucaryotes [ 36].
She knows it's a tough way to make a living, but unsolicited pitches are just junk mail delivered by a human voice.
COX-2 is an inducible enzyme upregulated in inflammatory states [ 20 21 ] . Notably, many NSCLC and what have been characterized as "premalignant" lung lesions have been shown to constitutively express the COX-2 enzyme and produce prostaglandin E-2 (PGE-2), the primary product of the COX-2 pathway [ 22 23 24 25 26 ] . Importantly, PGE-2 production by tumor cells has been linked to tumor-induced immunosuppression in NSCLC [ 2 3 4 5 ] . PGE-2 has been shown to directly suppress T cell mediated immunity, the primary effector against tumor cells, at a variety of levels [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . Further, PGE-2 has been shown to induce the IL10 in mononuclear cells [ 4 5 ] . IL10 is a prominent immunosuppressive cytokine that may have a dominant role in preventing innate antitumor responses in the NSCLC environment [ 2 3 4 5 ] , [ 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . Among myriad suppressive effects on T cells and antigen presenting cells, IL10 is known to inhibit IL12 production [ 14 15 16 17 18 ] . IL12 plays a key role in the initiation and potentiation of cellular immune responses and alteration of the IL12 producing function in circulating mononuclear phagocytes may be a critical factor in suppressed T cell immunity to NSCLC [ 27 28 ] .
"I don't know," one of the men said. "
Yet Siegel, a professor at Cooper Union and the author of several respected books, is too good a historian not to know that he has produced an incomplete, one-dimensional account of the decline of America's cities.
The biological viability and function, if any, of such a protein cannot be known without biochemical analyses.
al for SDS, "You Don't Need a Weatherman to Know Which Way the Wind Blows" New Left Notes, June 18, 1969
Clinton's adamance about the zones fits well with the NYT 's claim that many in the know in Washington believe yet another military confrontation with Iraq is inevitable in the weeks ahead.
She wanted to help people, but did not know exactly how.
Mr. South I know you worked for the US Government in Iran and Nicaragua and now help our Brave Soldiers by questioning people in Kabul, Guantanamo and Baghdad.
. You know who you are.
Known genes comprise 22% of all of our transcriptional units, but comprise 71% of our units which are conserved with rodents, Drosophila and Caenorhabditis elegans.
As he falls asleep, Timmy wants to know:
She also says he knew of her plans to have an abortion and didn't try to dissuade her.
We excluded gene models with greater than 95% identity over 50 bp to known transposable elements.
we are to presume that the tree knows nothing
Initiatives in the deep South further restricted the rights of prisoners (who knew there were any restrictions left to impose?)
In addition, there is a strong tendency for known cis -regulatory elements to overlap clusters of CNCSs.
Freeman Dyson, another physicist, once said, "The universe in some sense must have known we were coming."
What his views were on foreigners who spoke the language less than perfectly we shall never know.
The second criterion for defining a family was common chromosomal localization, including co-localization in a particular genomic locus if known at the time of analysis.
The two suicide operatives chosen were Hassan al Khamri and Ibrahim al Thawar, also known as Nibras.
Deer Park is out; they already know you'd go there.
well, you know.
It is not possible, however, to know the extent or direction of the overall effect on health benefit estimates introduced by application of a single C-R function to the entire U.S.
I needed Eubie to drive me to Noe School to find a teacher who knew what I needed to know.
2) Unlike Ginsburg, they know how to shut up--and proved it by saying nothing when Lewinsky presented them to the press.
TGF-β is a potent regulator of the cell cycle in many cell types including vascular smooth muscle and endothelial cells, and as a result this growth factor has been postulated to play an important, though largely undefined, role in vascular proliferative processes [ 14 ] . So far, little is known about the modulation role of TGF-β3 in vessel remodeling.
X happened because Y did Z to me or I did Z (to Y.) Someday I will know that Noam Chomsky says innate human grammar requires subject, verb, and usually object--that our human brains are wired to view and thus to talk about the world in this way--although not necessarily in this order.
You might turn round to me and say you don't know what I'm on about.
As ex-smokers know, to their rue, one of the worst things about quitting cigarettes is putting on pounds—as much as 10% of body weight.
None of them knew how to be with women or children, so then came the baby boom.
The problem with this book is knowing which entries are genuine and which spurious.
Since the parallel growth constraint may be due to the combined action of multiple inhibitors, treatments that are known to attenuate the overall inhibitory properties of myelin were selected.
I: You know all of this is artifact of language, no?
The following study covariates or known determinants of fetal growth (34) were abstracted from hospital delivery records and operationalized in a manner most consistent with most hospital records: maternal and infant race (white/nonwhite), parity (left continuous), uterine bleeding during pregnancy (yes/no), history of previous spontaneous abortion (yes/no), cigarette smoking during pregnancy (yes/no; if yes, average number daily cigarettes smoked during pregnancy), evidence placental infarction (yes/no), infant sex (male/female), gestational age (left continuous), placental infarction (yes/no), and birth defect (yes/no).
You know your car with which I was impressed
I know I do.
Some species of monkeys (marmosets) typically have chimeric blood, from having shared a blood supply with a twin in utero (Haig 1999), and rare cases of accidental chimerism are known from many animal species (Tremblay and Caltagirone 1973; van Dijk et al.
You know you can't spell, and they'll know where we are, you booby."
9. "When I saw the success of the first issue, it was a crazy wonderful thing, but I knew our staff was too small."
As it is known that the A and g tensors derived from the EPR spectrum of bound VO 2+are a direct measure of the nature of the equatorial metal ligands [ 24 ] , binding of VO 2+to CD39 could provide details about the catalytic mechanism of CD39.
"I don't know," said Al. "
Nowhere does it resonate more than on the edge of campus, in a dark corner of a building known as the "Courthouse."
Also, the NSA was supposed to let the FBI know of any indication of crime, espionage, or "terrorist enterprise" so that the FBI could obtain the appropriate warrant.
Little do they know that the Pirate Queen, a beautiful and ruthless young Malay woman (bearing a suspiciously plagiaristic similarity to a Pirate Queen in a film cribbed from a book entitled Your LIFE Story by someone else) determined to protect her heritage, will interfere with their plans.
One of the hottest retirement communities in Puget Sound, Sequim knows precisely where it wants to go and how many more new golf courses it will take to get there.
Hospital delivery records for mothers and infants were obtained for 92% of infants from 101 hospitals throughout New York State to ascertain information on known determinants [ 34 ] of fetal growth as measured by birth size.
Suffice it, for the plot, to say that the Sirenians greedily offer up to US$ 2 million, knowing that a conglomerate of dentists in Marin County will pay three to see the live dugong swimming in the tank of their office.
And, of course, we don't really know what we're talking about when we talk about "intelligence."
We do not know how reducing the frequency of delivery would affect demand for alternative delivery.
1.The opening to immanent holiness in existence could be related to the evolution of the cerebral cortex and therefore to an unknowable knowing performed by the complex bundling of neural pathways but unavailable to consciousness.
Who knows, the owner might have had children who needed shoes (though since the owner was in Europe, I doubt it).
Thus, all GOLD-domain proteins can be divided into two architectural categories: the p24-like category, in which the GOLD domains project into the lumen, anchored in the membrane by the membrane-spanning helix (category 1); and proteins in which the GOLD domain occurs at the extreme amino or carboxyl terminus, with additional domains that are known to interact with lipid membranes (category 2) (Figure 2).
The passing of a petty scandal, the resignation of a target, even a change in administrations is no obstacle, as we know from the many barnacle-encrusted investigators still hanging on.
CMV has been shown to cause calcium flow and protein kinase C (PKC) activation that could then be involved in the early activation of transcription factors [ 71 ] . Cellular levels of secondary messengers inositol 1,4,5-triphosphate and 1,2-diacylglycerol [ 71 72 73 ] , as well as the MAP kinases (ERK1 and ERK2) [ 74 75 ] are also known to be upregulated, which may have an effect on EBV reactivation.
Le Monde of Paris led its front page Wednesday with the headline "Kosovo emptied of half its population" and said in an editorial that President Slobodan Milosevic knows--"because we have been at pains to tell him"--that he need not fear a land offensive, and he knows the limits of the air bombardments.
When asked to describe the attitudes of their family, the interviewed mothers were offered four alternatives in random order (negative, indifferent, positive or "do not know").
Novy enters running, demanding to know, "What are you doing to our baby?
"Did you know that all of our presidents who weren't Masons were assassinated?
The quantities of all major fatty acids in each sample were determined by comparing the sizes of the gas chromatography peaks produced by each sample with the sizes of the peaks produced by fatty acid methyl ester standards of known concentration.
The remaining 5,532 DTs with mRNA sequences might represent alternative transcripts of MGI genes, known genes not yet represented by MGI, or novel genes.
The other category is the recognition and embrace of Immanence, beyond epistemology, not a category of knowing, but one derived from the logic of inner and outer, self and other.
Now I know every hostel and every inn, every restaurant and buffet, the vehicles that bring you to the remotest corners.
To test whether our model can recognize these cRSS, we computed WM0 12 , WM1 12 , and RIC 12 scores for all 28-bp segments in 3' → 5' orientation in V H gene segments known to participate in receptor editing: the V H 2S1*01 gene segment [ 59], the V H 14S1 gene segment [ 60], and the 3H9 transgene [ 61].
That's like saying the past creates the present, when everybody knows it's the other way around!
The Democrats know they can't be the majority party down here.
Responsibility for the AIDSS rests with the Department of Hygiene and Epidemiologic Surveillance - a department of the Armenian MoH (AMoH) - composed of 52 functional units known as the Sanitary Epidemiologic Service (SES).
No one knows what Tripp said.
He may not have known that in fact Mihdhar and his companions had dispersed and the tracking was falling apart.
He already knows the kid was behind the bar in the late afternoon.
I don't know whom Sarah Kerr hangs out with ("White Heat"), but Jimmy Cagney's stock has never slipped at all with my buds.
In other studies, administration of D2 agonists resulted in decreases in hyperinsulinemia associated with obesity [ 36 ] , and it is known that the brain is richly supplied with insulin receptors, including the cortex and striatal areas [ 37 ] , suggesting an intriguing link between insulin resistance, characteristic of obesity, and dopamine-mediated psychiatric symptoms, including ADHD.
I needed Eubie to drive me to Noe School to find a teacher who knew what I needed to know.
When asked whether House Republicans had mishandled the Lewinsky investigation, Livingston answered, "I don't know.
CSEs between known genes
HE: Mr. Philosopher, I may be tweaking, but I know my ontology. "
Dopamine-mediated nausea is probably the most frequently targeted for initial symptom management, even when the precise mechanism of nausea is not known.
"Lots you know!
It could be accounted fortuitous that I knew what bettas were, but why choose to define that word in my household dictionary and not the first two?
Identifying correlated gene-expression changes in an individual pathway is often interesting, but it is necessary to know if the gene-expression changes seen on a particular pathway are unique to this pathway or are occurring in many other pathways.
You know, you butch thing, many cosmologists posit different levels of universes, hoping thereby to answer questions regarding the seeming uniqueness of our own.
, the Random House 2nd Unabridged ). We know that the language is inconsistent, and there can be nothing wrong in reporting that fact: the dictionary merely reflects the practice of the majority of written citations available to its compilers.
Whether the northern tribes made the pass difficult to defend by their constant raiding is still debated by scholars, but it is known that the local inhabitants weren’t willing to give the Romans free rein over the whole territory.
The employees we interviewed said that training on effective working relationships was especially beneficial because they got to know their co-workers and gained an appreciation for each others' views.
No one knows.
As a former donor, you may know that the IRT has enjoyed a strong start to our season-and we thank you for your interest and support.
The Niagara River divides in fact into two major cascades around Goat Island: to the east, American Falls (61 m/184 ft high with a crestline of 350 m/1,076 ft) and to the west, the more dramatic Canadian Horseshoe Falls (58 m/177 ft high with a curving crestline of 670 m/2,214 ft), and a smaller cascade off to the side, known as Bridal Veil.
Patients who are not sure whether or not they wish to undergo these treatments are likely to be more interested in knowing about the risks, than those who have already made the decision.
John Rollin Ridge, a Cherokee also known as Yellow Bird, wrote his story one year after the death of Murrieta.
We know that children do better when they have a network of caring adults to nurture and motivate them.
In fact, so dedicated are Osakans to the cult of eating that they are known for kuidare (eating until you drop or until you go bankrupt, depending on the interpretation).
24, 2004 ("I would love to be able to tell you who did it, who brought this proposal to me, but I don't know").
Goodness knows how fast this library of objects is growing.
Target is well known for it's support of the community, and we believe that the Summer Enrichment Program represents your interests and concerns quite well.
Acapulco also offers two golf courses: the Acapulco Princess Golf Course (Tel. (7) 469-1000), known for its several water hazards, and designed by Ted Robinson, and the Club de Golf Acapulco (Tel. (7) 484-0781), a popular public course located across from the El Cano hotel.
The exact role and functional significance of ceramide production in response to TNFα in CLENDO cell apoptosis are not presently known.
Daniel Dennett, in his fine book Darwin’s Dangerous Idea, advances a hierarchy of forms of “knowing,” if I may use that term, that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means.
The only thing I did know for sure was here's a chance to change things for me and my children.
They use the programming language ColdFusion, which is known for e-mail integration.
The room is also known as the Hall of the Double Axes.
Nineteen known loci encode members of the FGF family, of which at least five map near EGF paralogs: FGF1 on 5q31 (approximately 1.5 Mb distal of HEGFL ), FGF2 on 4q25 (approximately 14.
The cost to produce a unit and deliver it to the distribution center is known for each plant, as well as the time it takes.
You can help them to know that feeling.
The film, directed by Carl Franklin from a script by Karen Croner, throws most of its weight onto the mother-daughter relationship, which wouldn't be a problem if Croner knew how to dramatize it.
Erected in 1988 to celebrate Dublin’s millennium as a city, it has become known to irreverent Dubliners as the “Tart with the Cart. ”
Previous authors have noted that quantitative models are rarely used in clinical practice [ 13 ] - in part, because clinicians may not know how to use them in a meaningful and effective way [ 14 ] , and such models apply to populations and fail to account for the uniqueness of the individual [ 15 ] . While the accuracy of the resident-reported elements remains unknown, perhaps prognostic models that account for prior experience and trajectory of the illness may be more clinical useful and intuitively understandable to patients, families and providers.
We did know, however, that the legal idea of equality carried no historical gloss.
As you know, SEND is a neighborhood-based organization investing in Greater Fountain Square's housing, youth, and economic future.
Both the NYT and the WP report that this coming Sunday night, "60 Minutes" producer Don Hewitt will appear on the show to apologize for a previous broadcast of footage about the Colombian drug trade (purchased from a documentary-maker) that is now known to be fake, with actors playing drug dealers and a drug lair turning out to be a film-maker's hotel room.
Israel’s boundaries were redrawn and expanded to almost what they are now, whereas the Palestinian Arab territories were reduced to the central-eastern area, known as the West Bank (of the Jordan River), and the Gaza Strip.
Now, you should know that I put these remarks together over the weekend, before the December board meeting that took place Monday and Tuesday of this week.
They must know the lead-time requirements for procuring textile products and establish relationships with at least some textile suppliers that allow the apparel-maker to procure fabric in smaller quantities and with shorter lead times.
This letter is to let you know that we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management, vibrant theatrical productions and outstanding educational programs.
Today's announcement that, as of Monday, Union Carbide, Sears, Chevron, and Goodyear will be replaced by Home Depot, SBC Communications, Microsoft, and Intel (the latter two being the first Nasdaq stocks ever to appear in the Dow) is fine testimony to what all of us already knew: that the U.S. economy has changed dramatically in the last two decades, and that former industrial powerhouses have been superseded by the avatars of the New Economy.
But before any of these were the Costa Blanca’s first inhabitants: Known as Neanderthal men, they lived primitively and spent a large part of their time hunting.
Endothelial cells are known to express BDNF [ 37 ] , and so do Schwann cells [ 38 ] . These cells may contribute to the exon 1c transcripts.
This trickster character is known throughout the Spanish-speaking world and the Southwest of the United States.
I don't know what we'd do without Cameron," JoAnn said. "
And I sat with enough of them to know that the ethanol part of their overall cost statement was an important part, and therefore, I believe that it was a reasonable thing to do.
You should know by the time you arrive at Poiso whether or not the journey will be worth the effort.
The working group asked the highly respected National Academy of Sciences to provide us the most up-to-date information about what is known and about what is not known on the science of climate change.
That is, while it’s fun to read recipes and look at photographs of table settings in Gourmet magazine, no one I know considers this a substitute for eating.
Perhaps there is an internal perspective from which cells know their world.
At the end, I think we will know more than at the outset.
In 1927, the architect William Van Alen, influenced by the recent Parisian exhibition of the arts décoratifs, designed a skyscraper in a style that has come to be known as Art Deco.
For those who knew Lincoln well, this might not have been a surprise, for he had said two years before: “I never had a feeling politically that did not spring from the sentiments embodied in the Declaration of Independence.”
No one knows, but I will raise a possibility that has a chance to be true for a biosphere.
I do not know a formal definition of “propagating work,” so, in the absence of anything better, I will point at what I mean by Figure .b.
Pachucas knew the vernacular of the times, speaking pachuco and scandalizing their families.
Many Chicanos, who may not have known the appellation pelado, nonetheless became familiar with the comic vagabond through Mexican films.
Indeed, economists intuitively know this.
Who knows what new cultural forms will blossom?
In the living system, small fluctuations in chemical concentrations within cells are turning myriad genes on and o in the complex system of genetic regulatory networks known to exist in bacteria.
Now let’s consider the estimated number of particles in the known universe, which is . Thus, the maximum number of pairwise collisions that could occur in any instant, ignoring distances between particles, is that number squared, or . A fast reaction occurs in a femtosecond, or one part in seconds.
When Bond Stores had customers lining up around the block to buy suits, “casual wear,” as we know it today, did not exist.
Philosophers distinguish between “know-how” and “know that.”
Why not plunge in and try my best to find out, to do it right, even knowing how early was the stage of the science we had been inventing.
Besides knowing and studying his own culture and ethnic community, he was able to bring another consciousness to the study of folklore in general and to Texas-Mexican folklore in particular.
La Muerte is also known as Doña Sebastiana in New Mexico.
