But, as we have learned from the history of alcohol and cigarette consumption, advertising and peer group influence can lead people to develop habits that they later regret.
The DCI has even less influence over the head of the FBI's national security component, who is appointed by the attorney general in consultation with the DCI.
Despite only minor effects on binding affinity, Ca 2+did influence the calmodulin-peptide complex, as signaled by changes in Alexa-calmodulin fluorescence.
RCH carried out the biochemical experiments to characterize the dominant-positive effect and its influence on signal transduction, and drafted the manuscript.
It is possible that the use of 100% validity and the lack of any specific instruction may have made use of the cues a matter of individual strategy and thus both relatively unreliable and less subject to genetic influences.
It is very unusual to consider the influence of diet in hormone sensitive research investigations.
The mouse is rapidly becoming the primary model for exploration of genetic influence on human biology.
Sequentially mutating each of the four serines to alanine decreased the phosphorylation of the receptor by approximately 25% for each serine, and mutating either the first two or the last two serines to alanines prevented agonist-induced desensitization, but not agonist-induced sequestration/internalization [ 12 ] . The influence of mutations in this motif on down-regulation has not been investigated.
Mechanisms related to spatial relationships at the cell surfaces and throughout the cells in the wall that influence flow-mediated endothelial mechanotransduction involve many cytokines including TGF-β superfamily.
To examine whether there is a difference among the three genotypic groups, we examined the influence of genotypes on %S and %B by ANOVA.
In contrast, when the tumours reached a volume of 1000 mm3, the treatment had no more influence on the tumour growth.
Quantifying the role of climatic variation in the dynamics at multiple trophic levels requires, however, a modeling framework that first accounts for the influence of interspecific and intrinsic processes on the dynamical structure at each level, so that the influence of intrinsic processes on the autoregressive (AR) structure of the time series data is not mistaken for a lagged influence of environmental stochasticity [ 11 ] .
, [ 19 21 22 23 ] , we are unaware of studies showing an influence of winter climate on wolf population dynamics.
First, it was noted that spelling mistakes occur in Medline [ 19 ] . These could have an influence if the "Affiliation Field" would have been used to enter country names.
However, the influence of race concurs with other investigations [ 11 12 ] ; race may have a significant influence on body temperatures and needs to be studied further.
Neuromodulin is also a substrate for phosphorylation by protein kinase C [ 46 ] which may reflect an influence of mitochondrial function on multiple members of a signal transduction pathway.
It has been reported that CCR5 expression is upregulated in RA synovial fluid and synovial tissue T cells [ 10, 11, 12] and that CCR5 Δ 32 deletion may have an influence on clinical manifestations of RA [ 13], suggesting that CCR5 might play an important role in RA.
This new technique was used to assess the influence upon pedal cutaneous perfusion of the insertion of a femoral artery catheter for the purpose of measuring ITBV, EVLW and cardiac output (CO) using the Pulsion COLD system.
represents the influence term of the feature 
This is more complex because the criterion of "sufficient protection" is much less certain; the focus is broader; the influences on actual achievement of sufficient procedures are likely to be many; and the relation of input and output is not only likely to be both direct and indirect but also difficult to measure.
Suppression of BMP signaling by expression of its antagonists is the condition that specifies the dorsal ectoderm or BCNE as future anterior neural ectoderm; in contrast, posterior neural ectoderm may form under the influence of FGF even in the presence of BMP signaling.
But again, the procedure for awarding such grants should be well defined, transparent, and independent from administrative influences.
If differences in climates do cascade upwards to influence individuals, species, and broader scale patterns in diversity, their influence should be readily detectable at the level of species' life histories and distributions.
After accounting for size, Brown's group turned its attention to the second most important influence on metabolism: temperature.
However, some persistently agricultural economies with large populations (such as Nigeria and Indonesia) tend to retain the inequities that influence diets, leading to protein-calorie deficiencies among those with lower income and increased BMI among those with higher income.
The number at risk will increase as population growth, urbanization, international travel, and climate change influence transmission of the disease.
Their influence waned, and they began to be absorbed into the general population.
Chinese Influences
In Picardy the Flemish influence is unmistakable, and although Alsace may celebrate Bastille Day at least as proudly as any other French province, its cuisine, wines, and dialect all reveal a profoundly Germanic influence.
With the introduction of the birth-control pill, the province’s birthrate dropped from the highest to lowest in the nation, causing conservatives to worry at the waning influence of the Catholic Church and the prospect that French-Canadians would drown in a sea of Anglos.
The Roman presence had a far-reaching influence on the country.
The rhythms go all the way back to the Iberians and reflect a diversity of influences, from Moorish to Aragonese and Castilian to Cuban.
The mysterious Olmecs, from the Gulf Coast of Mexico, left their unmistakable influence here around 1000 b.c., evidenced by ceramics featuring jaguar-like and Negroid features.
The NYT reports that even at the height of its influence, the Christian Coalition kept thousands of dead persons, duplicate names, and wrong addresses on its lists of supporters.
I do think that the influence of Godard has filtered into the current film scene, Sarah.
The paper cites as a factor in Jones's intransigence the influence of her new friend and public relations consultant, Susan Carpenter-McMillan.
You have done less than any company approaching your size to underwrite the sleazy business of influence peddling.
Kurlak is simply an extreme example of Wall Street's new reality, which is that no one has as much influence as the people who supposedly know where a company's stock price is going to go.
The dominance of Coke, for example, in the cola wars may date to the influence of Gen.
He was accused of lacking "a social psychology that recognized the powerful influence of the social environment in changing the individual," as Paul Marcus and Alan Rosenberg put it in an issue of Psychoanalytic Review devoted to him; and he was celebrated for introducing just such a perspective.
Reduce the marginal utility of government influence peddling, and campaign contributions will take care of themselves.
In an editorial Wednesday, the Times said Hoddle had to go because "he had failed to separate his rights of free speech from his duties as one of the most influential men in a game with vast influence over the life of Britain."
Well, you get your message out, shape the debate, and perhaps gain influence over the eventual winner.
Describing the church's influence as "enormous," Corriere said this was "the first severe attack" on the Serbian regime.
Our national nutrition policies are corrupted by the influence of the dairy industry."
In April 1997, the president of the National Cable Television Association warned that UFC broadcasts could jeopardize the cable industry's influence in Washington.
In general, the interpretation of influence as the dissemination of ideas improves the POC chances of cultural figures.
Despite "catastrophic losses," Bush's oil company was repeatedly bailed out by businessmen who hoped to profit from his influence.
Note: this is an example of a “HobsonJobson”—foreign words or expressions twisted into a more familiar configuration by the pervasive influence of linguistic chauvinism, a rich source of onomatoplazia.
Hanks and Hodges totally ignore such American influence, though the evidence for it is overwhelming.
Moreover, and as this volume indicates, the offsetting influences of lean retailing and short-cycle production in comparison with low foreign labor rates must be evaluated by product demand variability, rather than simply making generalizations about aggregate trade and immigration.
It was the influence of the Chicano civil rights movement, el movimiento Chicano, that launched the institution of ballets folklóricos as symbolic of a Mexican American cultural identity.
“La Bamba” is considered to be a son jarocho (country folks’ dancing music), an example of the mestizo (mixed-race) musical tradition, with strong African influences, from the state of Veracruz.
The healer will sweep the patient with a little broom made of herbs, such as sage, rosemary, and rue, believed to be effective in eliminating evil influences.
Her influence in the conquest of Mexico may be debatable, but there is no doubt that she is considered a heroine, almost on the same plane as La Virgen de Guadalupe.
Consequently Los Penitentes had strong influences in conserving the language and culture of the Spanish Americans of New Mexico.
It is accepted that there is an oriental influence, since piñatas are always decorated with colorful crepe paper.
Contemporary Chicanas continuously look toward Guadalupe and reevaluate her influence in their mothers’ and grandmothers’ lives and in their own lives.
The influence of Guadalupe is as powerful today as it was 450 years ago.
The timing of its publication was crucial, in 1958, for its powerful influence on Chicano students and intellectuals, since it came out just before the start of the Chicano movement of the 1960s.
The code sweeps away the vestiges of feudal influence in the law of property and in the law of evidence and proclaims a liberal legal order.
Behind the nominal appearance of freedom lies a structure of influence, a set of conditions that influences people to make the choices they do.
Sometimes these influences are morally desirable.
Looking back, individuals who make these choices under social influence are often grateful for the external inducement to do the right thing.
Garry Wills makes much of the Greek influence in shaping Lincoln’s style at Gettysburg.
6 But of the biblical influence on the Gettysburg Address, Wills has almost nothing to say.
My sense of the literature of American history is that our scholars not only ignore the biblical influences on Lincoln’s thinking at Gettysburg but also fail to understand the significance of the “nation” that “our fathers brought forth on this continent.”
They meant to set up a standard maxim for a free society, which should be familiar to all, and revered by all, constantly looked to, constantly labored for, and even though never perfectly attained, constantly approximated, and thereby constantly spreading and deepening its influence.
War has a democratizing influence.
Typical of the American influence is the 1789 French Declaration of the Rights of Man, which provides in the second part of Article 6: “The law must be the same for everyone, regardless whether it serves to protect or to punish.”
A revolution in attitudes toward smoking has occurred, largely because people were free, in effect, to decide for themselves in their homes, offices, and other spheres of influence.
In due course, it will fall over under the influence of gravity.
For each such island, cut o from influence by other islands by the frozen red structure, has its own alternative attractors, two for this island, five for that island, seven for a third island.
We had never heard of Cope & Stewardson, despite their achievements and wide cultural influence.
His influence is felt in the centerpiece tower, the 70-story cliff-like RCA Building.
There was such a brief consensus in the late 1890s, when both architects and the American public, under the influence of the immensely popular World’s Columbian Exposition, embraced Classicism, at least for public buildings.
This volte face gave rise to the so-called Brutalist style, which had a worldwide influence, shaping the work of architects as dissimilar as James Stirling and Paul Rudolph, and ultimately opening the door to Postmodern stylistic experiments such as Charles Moore’s little house in the Berkeley hills.
H. H. Richardson’s influence was considerably shorter-lived, but for at least 20 years Richardsonian Romanesque rolled over the United States like an “aesthetic Juggernaut,” in Cram’s colorful phrase.
The United States has had to find ways to extend its reach, straining the limits of its influence.
It is broader and more pervasive than Western ideas of charity- functioning also as a form of income tax, educational assistance, foreign aid, and a source of political influence.
Under the terms of existing rules and resolutions the House and Senate intelligence committees lack the power, influence, and sustained capability to meet this challenge.
In Saudi Arabia, zakat is broader and more pervasive than Western ideas of charity, in that it functions not only as charity but also as social welfare, educational assistance, foreign aid, a form of income tax, and a source of political influence.
In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, fundamentalists helped articulate anticolonial grievances but played little role in the overwhelmingly secular struggles for independence after World War I. Western-educated lawyers, soldiers, and officials led most independence movements, and clerical influence and traditional culture were seen as obstacles to national progress.
In Pakistan, a military regime sought to justify its seizure of power by a pious public stance and an embrace of unprecedented Islamist influence on education and society.
At the end of 1979, the Soviet government sent in military units to ensure that the country would remain securely under Moscow's influence.
Through writers like Qutb, and the presence of Egyptian Islamist teachers in the Saudi educational system, Islamists already had a strong intellectual influence on Bin Ladin and his al Qaeda colleagues.
The influence of the Wahhabi school of Islam had also grown, nurtured by Saudifunded institutions.
The special agents in charge gained power, influence, and independence.
She told us that, in general, putting the Pakistanis on the terrorist list would eliminate any influence the United States had over them.
In early 2000, the United States began a high-level effort to persuade Pakistan to use its influence over the Taliban.
He urged Musharraf to use his influence with the Taliban on Bin Ladin and al Qaeda.
It is impossible to measure the calming influence that ascending firefighters had on descending civilians or whether but for the firefighters' presence the poor behavior of a very few civilians could have caused a dangerous and panicked mob flight.
Previous data showed that although Zn(II) binding is not absolutely required for formation of the cleaved complex, it increased the amount of cleaved complex that can be isolated [ 31 ] . When linked to Top67, the ZD domain also has some influence on the cleavage site selections.
However, in light of our recent findings implicating this loop region of p51 as a critical structural element supporting the catalytic functions of p66, it seems feasible that mutation at position 138 in p51 effectively altered the binding of TSAO through its influence on the p66 catalytic subunit [ 14 ] .
However, there was good uniformity among arrays in terms of scaling factors and percentages of probe sets with P detection < 0.1, and both age groups were comprised of 2 pools and 4 individual samples, which should minimize the influence of using both pooled and individual samples (see Additional file 1).
In these cases, only genes in the top 20% in influence chosen in common by at least 25% of the differentiated examples were considered.
In order to assess the influence of the "scanner settings" parameter in our data, some HuGeneFL chips were rescanned under "low gain" and some HG-U95A chips were rescanned under "high gain".
However, since SPARC is a matricellular protein involved in cell-matrix interaction [ 3 4 23 ] , cell-matrix interaction-related defects may exert a significant influence in large wounds of SPARC-null mice causing premature loss of a part of the scabs and of the neoepidermis, a pathophysiological process requiring repeated healing.
Specification of a particular cellular identity might depend entirely upon the influence of instructive signals that change with time.
The conditions required to induce the production of sexual males and females has been established [ 8 9 ] . There has also been work on the influence of genetic background and the environment on the duration of egg development in different species and strains [ 10 11 ] . The most comprehensive study of aphid egg development, by Behrandt [ 12 ] , suggests that it constitutes three stages: (i) a temperature dependent period of initial development, (ii) a temperature independent 'diapause' followed by (iii) temperature dependent development.
Diapause typically involves as a period of developmental arrest during which an insect is resistant to environmental influences on developmental progression [ 2 ] . Sexually-produced A. pisum embryos do not demonstrate developmental arrest.
A. pisum embryos do, however, show resistance to environmental influences on developmental progression.
Further research is therefore necessary to determine the influence of fluctuating temperatures on developmental progression, both with respect to developmental abnormalities and developmental rate.
To determine the influence of temperature on the progression of development we stored the eggs under three temperature regimes, all with the same 13L:11D photoperiod: (1) 4°C in the light and 0°C in the dark; (2) constant 10°C; (3) constant 16°C.
This was done by the method of Henikoff & Henikoff [ 19 ] , as previously described [ 20 ] . In summary, the first step was to weight each sequence in a multiple sequence alignment block according to its degree of similarity to the other sequences, which has the effect of minimizing the influence of highly redundant sequences in the final profile.
This two-step procedure was found to reduce the influence of bin size on mode estimation.
However, these same data indicate that less than 6% of the variance in evolutionary rates is explained by the variance in the number of protein-protein interactions, suggesting that the influence of the number of interacting partners on protein evolutionary rates might not be substantial.
012) fit to the data by least squares regression as well as the small r 2value (r 2= 0.0065) suggest that the influence of the number of interacting partners on rates of evolution is minor at best.
A multivariate analysis was performed to examine the influence of this polymorphism and other covariates (Table 3).
In contrast, the marginal difference reflected a very modest influence on insulin sensitivity of the A54T polymorphism in the Pima Indian population, which is consistent with our observation that this polymorphism only accounted for 7.3% of the variation in %S in this Caucasian population.
Furthermore, since 1) insulin resistance is neither necessary nor sufficient for the development of T2DM, 2) this polymorphism has only a very modest influence on insulin sensitivity, and 3) beta cell dysfunction, on which this polymorphism has no influence in the present study, plays a key role in the development of overt diabetes [ 2], the population association studies and linkage studies are not able to detect the interaction between this polymorphism and the diabetes phenotype.
Furthermore, since 1) insulin resistance is neither necessary nor sufficient for the development of T2DM, 2) this polymorphism has only a very modest influence on insulin sensitivity, and 3) beta cell dysfunction, on which this polymorphism has no influence in the present study, plays a key role in the development of overt diabetes [ 2], the population association studies and linkage studies are not able to detect the interaction between this polymorphism and the diabetes phenotype.
We found that this polymorphism had an independent, but very modest influence (7.
Backward stepwise option with alpha-to-enter of 0.10 and alpha-to-remove of 0.10 was employed to exclude covariates that had much less or no influence on the parameter under analysis, one at a time starting from the one had least impact, which was based on the p value (the highest p value).
SCF Slmbappears to influence other cell cycle events, perhaps by actions on other substrates, or perhaps as a result of events that are secondary to its influence on E2F destruction.
Limitations of the mathematical model, uncertainties in the thermodynamic parameters and influences of the secondary structure in vivo by specific interactions of RNA-protein complexes limit the prediction capacities of secondary structure by these programs.
Since the influence of non-specific binding is more severe for probes where no or little specific hybridization occurs [ 8 ] , we treat the problem as one of detecting a threshold value that is both determined by the highest signals attributable to spots representing non-specific hybridization and the lowest signals from spots where sequence specific hybridization must be assumed.
A relatively large target was used to accommodate ligands with a range of potential sizes and also to minimize the influence of flanking primer sequences.
[ 14 ] is whether the influence of thymic expression of the self peptide on the propensity to develop anaphylactic reactivity differs in the EAE and NOD T1DM models.
No general theory is available for the evolutionary dynamic of a viral quasispecies under the influence of virus density as it changes with changing m.o.i.
We have shown that phenotypic hiding has substantial influence on the equilibrium frequencies of mutants in selection-mutation balance, and on the speed at which deleterious mutants are lost from the population.
EHA carried out the studies to examine the influence of purified bacterial products and cell culture inserts, and measures of apoptosis
Different positions of the leg between the electrodes were tested with no influence on the toxicity.
The influence of the type of electrodes-needle or calliper - was not tested in our experiments.
established that the toxicity of electroporation was correlated with the degree of cell permeabilisation [ 17 ] and that these was similar when using needles or calliper [ 18 ] . Thus, it may be assumed that the electrode type is not of crucial influence on the toxicity induced by the electroporation.
Values for attention network efficiency were calculated from the raw reaction time data as previously described [ 31 ] . Medians were calculated for each test conditions (12 conditions in total: 4 cue levels by 3 target levels, combined target locations and target directions) to avoid the influence of the outliers.
In learning and memory tasks, which require the use of visual spatial cues, males acquire and exhibit superior performance to females [ 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ] . This sex difference in rats has been attributed to the hormonal influence of estrogen (presumably by way of its in situ conversion from testosterone by the aromatase enzyme in brain) [ 19 20 21 22 ] , and is observable morphologically in visually spatial critical brain areas (i.e.
The available research regarding cognitive function and phytoestrogens suggests that large amounts of phytoestrogens, consumed as tofu, have an adverse influence on cognitive ability in men, where decreased brain weight, increased ventricular size and dementia have been reported [ 44 ] . In ovariectomized female rats, on the other hand, phytoestrogen treatments resulted in a dose-dependent improvement of VSM [ 45 ] . This improvement in cognitive ability in phytoestrogen treated females may be due in part to the increased presence of choline acetyltransferase messenger RNA in the frontal cortex, which has been shown to be associated with protection and enhancement of cognitive function [ 45 ] . Furthermore, we have shown that phytoestrogens significantly affect the brain calcium-binding protein calbindin (CALB), which acts as a buffer by binding intracellular calcium and plays an important role in mediating cell proliferation, programmed cell death (apoptosis), and neurotoxicity [ 48 49 50 51 52 ] . This neuroprotective mechanism via CALB appears to be important in neurological disorders such as Parkinson's disease and Huntington's disease [ 48 49 50 51 52 ] . Additionally, Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) seems to play an important role in mediating functional neuronal maturation and responses to certain stimuli in the brain [ 53 54 55 ] . The expression of COX-2 is associated with key pathophysiologic events in Alzheimer's disease: deposition of beta-amyloid protein in neuritic plaques within the hippocampus and cortex [ 53 54 55 ] . Of particular importance to this study is the fact that COX-2 has been shown to be influenced by steroidal hormones [ 53 54 55 ] . Therefore, the expression of COX-2 in the frontal cortex may also be hormonally regulated and relevant to cognitive decline.
The design of this study was to examine the influence of phytoestrogens (present via soy in rodent diets) on VSM in three separate experiments utilizing radial arm maze methods to examine varying aspects of memory.
The present study addressed these issues, in part, by investigating the influence of dietary phytoestrogens (present in a normal rodent diet), on visual spatial ability.
Measures of accuracy on the baited/unbaited four-arm task (experiment 3) demonstrated that a diet change in young adult animals (a change from Phyto-600 to Phyto-free) had a positive influence on the accuracy in males, but a negative influence on the accuracy in females.
Measures of accuracy on the baited/unbaited four-arm task (experiment 3) demonstrated that a diet change in young adult animals (a change from Phyto-600 to Phyto-free) had a positive influence on the accuracy in males, but a negative influence on the accuracy in females.
In a companion paper, the impact of hormonal manipulation and dietary phytoestrogens' influence on VSM is examined and validates several aspects of the findings from the present study.
In this regard, it is known that the hormonal action of estrogens may be mediated by the differential expression of estrogen receptors alpha vs betta in brain structures that activate or inhibit cell death mechanisms [ 56 ] . Although, this parameter was not directly investigated in this study, the differing influence that dietary phytoestrogens had on CALB (significant decrease) and COX-2 (significant increase) in the male frontal cortex, suggests that phytoestrogens may activate programmed cell death.
Dietary phytoestrogens sex reversed VSM, as expressed in the radial-arm maze by enhancing spatial memory in females but inhibited this ability in males, this finding corresponds to research regarding increased dementia observed in aged men consuming high tofu levels [ 44 ] . However, while it is important to establish the influence of dietary phytoestrogens on brain function and behavior in animal models, the true significance in humans remains to be determined as it relates to the present findings.
However, brain aromatase and circulating plasma estradiol levels in male rats does not appear to be influenced by dietary phytoestrogens [ 22 41 51 ] . As the results from this research imply, phytoestrogens have considerable effects on hormonally sensitive parameters and their influence may be, in part, responsible for many reported sexual dimorphisms such as, the establishment and plasticity of sexually dimorphic brain structures like the sexually dimorphic nucleus of the preoptic area (SDN-POA) and the anteroventral periventricular nucleus (AVPV) [ 40 41 ] .
This study, examined the influence of phytoestrogens, present in rodent diets, on VSM and identified phytoestrogens, CALB, and COX-2 expression in the rat brain.
Residuals for these traits were computed for both traits to minimize the influence of brain weight.
However, for white matter to have an orienting influence, there must also be a relatively non-permissive substrate that restricts growing axons to a parallel course.
These data suggest that the orienting influence of white matter geometry on neurite outgrowth involves myelin and, possibly, its associated neurite-growth inhibitory activity.
8d) gives a view of the data without influence by long period trends in the data set.
Drugs like clonidine and guanfacine act to block norepinepherine, and reduce or eliminate the normal effect of warning signals on reaction time, but have no influence on orienting to the target location [ 29 ] .
The C/T SNP at -521 showed an additive influence on executive attention as shown in Figure 1Bwhere the mean executive attention scores of the C/C and T/T genotypic classes showed a nominally significant difference (P = 0.06).
As shown in Figure 3A, the MAO-LPR showed a significant influence on alerting (P < 0.01) and on executive attention (P < 0.05) as seen in Figure 3B.
Medians were calculated for each test conditions (4 cue levels by 3 target levels, 12 conditions in total) to avoid the influence of the outliers.
LD cycles can influence the expression of sleep by entraining the circadian pacemaker that drives the diurnal rhythm of sleep and/or by directly affecting the expression of sleep, thereby 'masking' the influence of the pacemaker on sleep.
A previous study has reported that the presence of capsaicin and chemical cross-linkers influence the formation of multimers in VR1 [ 23 ] . Moreover, this study reported that cross-linking could be a Ca 2+mediated process, through the activation of endogenous transglutaminases.
Parasympathetic impulses are the main excitatory influence and contract the bladder causing emptying.
Qualitative comparable central projections are found in wildtype control littermates (data not shown) and suggest that the central projection to cochlear nuclei is at least until P8 in mice not critically dependent on auditory information or other hair cell-mediated influences, in agreement with recent suggestions [ 5 19 ] .
However, olanzapine and risperidone may also result in urinary disturbances by their influence on central pathways mediating bladder contractions or coordinating external urethral sphincter, as may have been the case in the present study.
Site-directed mutagenesis studies indicate that all four of these serines are phosphorylated by GRK, and all four are needed for desensitization [ 12 ] . The influence of this motif on down-regulation was not investigated, however.
It is also assumed that the influence of the anesthesia in the Carpenter et al.
Figure 7shows the influence of perfusion-ventilation mismatch on the PKQuest results for the enflurane data of Munson et al.
5and 6), solutes for which the fat blood flow has a larger influence because of the larger value of the oil/water partition coefficient.
The evaluation results of several meta-analyses of tobacco and other drug prevention programs strongly suggest that approaches based on the social influence resistance model are the most effective.
, the influence of "peer pressure" and the awareness of advertising images/distortions).
The most effective educational programs are structured to include a social influence intervention [ 6 14 ] . Moreover, associations between cigarette smoking and social norms, peer influences and perceived tobacco use prevalence have been reported among a group of middle school students (6 th-8 thgrades) [ 15 ] . The social influences model includes dimensions reflecting both normative beliefs (e.g.
The Tar Wars tobacco prevention curriculum includes elements from both of these social influence dimensions with discussions of tobacco use prevalence, physical consequences, costs and misrepresentations used in advertising.
This tobacco use prevention program is also consistent with guidelines by the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control [ 18 ] which recommend inclusion of content which addresses the short term effects of tobacco use, social influences of tobacco use, marketing of tobacco products, initiation of educational programs in elementary school and soliciting community support.
To identify any studies that exerted a disproportionate influence on the summary treatment effect, we deleted individual studies one at a time.
This work was supported in part by a grant from Novartis Pharma AG Basel, but was carried out without influence from its sponsor.
To examine the influence of the available covariates in addition to the Fok I polymorphism on beta cell function and insulin sensitivity, we employed a stepwise regression analytical approach.
However, from the multivariate analysis result of %S (Table 2), we concluded that this polymorphism had an important impact on insulin sensitivity, which was independent of the influence of waist-hip ratio.
The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of APOE gene polymorphism in the development of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in Type I diabetes patients.
The influence of the APOE gene polymorphism to the development of diabetic microangiopathy is uncertain.
Despite these efforts to be insure that the system was optimized in order to detect a steroid-mediated alteration of Stx responsiveness, the concern still exists that this system may not really reflect the influences of sex steroids in vivo.
The influence of race was not considered because of the high percentage of whites in Utah (i.e.
As anticipated, the hysterectomy prevalence corrections had large influences on the rates and probabilities.
The additional influence of prevalent cases of corpus uterine cancer cases who had not undergone a hysterectomy was relatively very small.
Influence of the tumour mass on the anti tumour activity of mhATF-BPTI
Logistic regression [ 28 ] was used to explore the influence of each variable on the use of BCS vs. mastectomy.
Odds Ratios (OR) [ 29 ] with corresponding 95% Confidence Intervals (CI) were calculated to measure the degree of influence of variables on the utilization of BCS vs. mastectomy.
Also, we were unable to measure some factors that have been found to be important in other reports, in particular, influence of physician age [ 11 ] , physician specialty [ 42 ] , type of hospital (teaching hospitals and hospitals with radiation facilities, private, county and public) [ 36 38 39 43 ] , socio-economic status and education [ 42 ] , tumor-breast ratio and the expected cosmetic results [ 7 9 ] , physician/patient interactions before surgery [ 42 ] , and psychological factors, such as fear of radiation or cancer [ 9 ] . The strengths of using of insurance claims data for this analysis were twofold.
examined the potential influence that adoption of transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) and PSA testing had on increasing prostate needle biopsy rates in the SEER areas from 1986 through 1991 [ 17 ] . Both TRUS and PSA testing rates, initially near zero, increased to almost 2,000 and 20,000 per 100,000, respectively.
In our study, adjusting for TURP-detected cases allowed us to better assess the influence of screening on prostate cancer incidence trends.
The influence of blood products on LH infection
Although the biological mechanisms underlying the inverse association between menarcheal age and adult obesity are uncertain, it has been suggested that early maturing girls may have a longer period of positive energy balance [ 1 ] , or that various endocrine factors influence both the rate of sexual maturation and the accumulation of body fat [ 6 ] . However, it is also possible that the apparent influence of menarcheal age on adult obesity reflects the underlying importance of childhood obesity, with relatively fat children at increased risk for both early menarche [ 7 9 13 14 15 ] and adult obesity [ 7 16 ] .
A substantial proportion of girls in this study, however, experienced menarche close to age 11 y, and it is unclear if BMI levels at younger ages could also account for the apparent influence of menarcheal age on adult obesity.
Other results indicate that leptin may play a role in the initiation of puberty [ 25 ] , and each 1 ng/mL increase in serum leptin has been associated with a 1-month decrease in menarcheal age [ 24 ] . The apparent effect of early menarche on adult obesity may therefore result from the influence of childhood obesity on both the timing of menarche and the risk for adult obesity [ 16 ] . It should be realized, however, that although controlling for childhood BMI and TSF greatly reduced the inverse relation of menarcheal age to adult obesity, a relatively small, independent association remained.
More recent data indicate that black girls in the US, on average, experience menarche ~6 months earlier than do white girls [ 9 15 30 31 ] . Furthermore, the mean menarcheal age of black girls in Bogalusa decreased by approximately 9 months between 1973 and 1992 [ 15 ] . A somewhat similar, but not statistically significant, trend was also reported in a recent study, with the median menarcheal age of black girls decreasing by 5.5 months between 1960-70 and 1988-94 [ 31 ] . These trends may, at least in part, be due to the influence of various programs in the US, such as the National School Lunch Program, aimed at improving the nutritional status of children.
[ 7 ] found that adjustment for childhood (age 11 y) BMI levels 'substantially reduced', but did not eliminate, the apparent influence of early maturation on adult obesity.
Our findings indicate that much of the apparent influence of menarcheal age on adult obesity is, in reality, due to the influence of childhood obesity on both menarcheal age and adult obesity.
Our findings indicate that much of the apparent influence of menarcheal age on adult obesity is, in reality, due to the influence of childhood obesity on both menarcheal age and adult obesity.
Although partners and grandmothers in Bolivia may have an influence on feeding decisions because of their emotional importance to the mothers, it is unlikely that they will exert much effect through the transmission of facts.
Intervention with antenatal breastfeeding support seems to have less effect on breastfeeding rates than trials offering only postnatal support [ 6 ] . In that context, the observation by Reiff and colleagues [ 8 ] that health care personnel may exert a stronger influence on mothers' infant-feeding practices with nonverbal teaching (the hospital "modeling" of infant formula products) than with verbal teaching is important.
[ 20 21 ] Many researchers have attempted to remove the influence of gestational age when studying predictors of birth weight by using the categories small- (SGA), large- (LGA), and appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA).
[ 16 24 25 ] However the reference median is chosen, this ratio will assume a linear relationship between birth weight and its influences across the range of birth weights, which may not be correct.
In addition to examining determinants of fetal growth, adjusting birth weight for gestational age is also needed to understand the influence of fetal growth on later outcomes.
Opinion Leaders were used to establish a communications channel into the existing regional physician social network, and in acknowledgement of the mediating effects of Opinion Leaders on the diffusion and acceptance of new ideas and products, such as the future practice tool [ 23 ] . Opinion Leader sampling was used to obtain the sought significant conceptual variation that stems from the Opinion Leaders' vast experience and influence [ 24 25 ] . To enhance the likelihood of variation among the identified Opinion Leaders, the Advisory Board members and DFM were directed to provide names of Opinion Leaders physicians from a range of practice locations (i.e.
In published literature about barriers to care, influences of drug lifestyles and poor treatment in the system are documented barriers.
Evidence suggests that alcohol may increase oxidative burden [ 12 13 14 15 ] . However, while alcohol could potentially act as an oxidant, there is a large body of evidence that wine has antioxidant properties [ 12 13 16 17 ] . Our data indicate that these antioxidant properties might exist and could have positive influence on lung function.
We investigated the influence of gender on the likelihood that a study patient achieved a favorable outcome (i.e.
We evaluated the bivariate relationships between gender and outcome with selected baseline covariates, and constructed a time-series repeated measures regression model [ 20 21 ] to describe the influence of gender on the outcome using data at baseline and two, six, nine and 12 months.
A proportional-hazards regression model was used to assess the influence of gender on one-year survival.
Because of this difference we created a proportional-hazards model to investigate the influence of gender on survival, controlling for baseline presentation of fever, diarrhea, serum β 2 microglobulin, CD4+ cell count, hemoglobin, BMI, cavitary disease, and extent of disease on chest x-ray.
To better characterize the influence of the effector on intron-splicing, we also carried out a series of growth experiments in liquid culture (Figure 4a).
Early recognition of the contrast between the stabilizing influences of density-dependent population regulation, and potentially de-stabilizing influences of environmental variation [ 1 ] , laid a foundation for theoretical modeling of population stability in stochastic environments [ 2 ] that assumes renewed relevance in light of current developments in ecology and climate research [ 3 ] . Recently, for instance, numerous studies have documented the influences of global-scale climatic variation on the population dynamics of vertebrates in widely diverse ecosystems (see, e.g., [ 4 5 ] for reviews), including species interactions at the community level [ 6 7 8 ] . To our knowledge, however, no study has yet documented a simultaneous and direct influence of large-scale climate on the dynamics at all trophic levels in a single system.
Early recognition of the contrast between the stabilizing influences of density-dependent population regulation, and potentially de-stabilizing influences of environmental variation [ 1 ] , laid a foundation for theoretical modeling of population stability in stochastic environments [ 2 ] that assumes renewed relevance in light of current developments in ecology and climate research [ 3 ] . Recently, for instance, numerous studies have documented the influences of global-scale climatic variation on the population dynamics of vertebrates in widely diverse ecosystems (see, e.g., [ 4 5 ] for reviews), including species interactions at the community level [ 6 7 8 ] . To our knowledge, however, no study has yet documented a simultaneous and direct influence of large-scale climate on the dynamics at all trophic levels in a single system.
Early recognition of the contrast between the stabilizing influences of density-dependent population regulation, and potentially de-stabilizing influences of environmental variation [ 1 ] , laid a foundation for theoretical modeling of population stability in stochastic environments [ 2 ] that assumes renewed relevance in light of current developments in ecology and climate research [ 3 ] . Recently, for instance, numerous studies have documented the influences of global-scale climatic variation on the population dynamics of vertebrates in widely diverse ecosystems (see, e.g., [ 4 5 ] for reviews), including species interactions at the community level [ 6 7 8 ] . To our knowledge, however, no study has yet documented a simultaneous and direct influence of large-scale climate on the dynamics at all trophic levels in a single system.
Early recognition of the contrast between the stabilizing influences of density-dependent population regulation, and potentially de-stabilizing influences of environmental variation [ 1 ] , laid a foundation for theoretical modeling of population stability in stochastic environments [ 2 ] that assumes renewed relevance in light of current developments in ecology and climate research [ 3 ] . Recently, for instance, numerous studies have documented the influences of global-scale climatic variation on the population dynamics of vertebrates in widely diverse ecosystems (see, e.g., [ 4 5 ] for reviews), including species interactions at the community level [ 6 7 8 ] . To our knowledge, however, no study has yet documented a simultaneous and direct influence of large-scale climate on the dynamics at all trophic levels in a single system.
Such a pervasive influence could pose consequences for the persistence of biological communities if the climatic influence at any trophic level (or multiple levels) were strong enough to alter its dynamical stability [ 3 ] .
Such a pervasive influence could pose consequences for the persistence of biological communities if the climatic influence at any trophic level (or multiple levels) were strong enough to alter its dynamical stability [ 3 ] .
Here, we use empirical data on a three-trophic level system involving predators, herbivores, and vegetation, and a community-level model, to test for the influences of climate on the dynamics at and among individual trophic levels, while simultaneously accounting for the roles of intrinsic (density-dependent) and interspecific interactions.
Previously, we identified correlations between large-scale variation in winter climate, the North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO) [ 9 ] , and: predation efficiency of wolves ( Canis lupus ), mortality of old moose ( Alces alces ), and growth dynamics of balsam fir ( Abies balsamea ) on Isle Royale [ 6 ] . Additionally, we have documented influences of the NAO, wolf predation, and density dependence on the intrinsic rate of increase in the moose population on Isle Royale [ 10 ] . Hence, the current analysis was motivated by the results of these earlier attempts to dissect the relative contributions of intrinsic and extrinsic processes to the dynamics of this community, as well as by a more general interest in developing a community-level model of climatic effects at and among multiple trophic levels that may subsequently contribute to our understanding of the implications of climatic change for community stability.
Quantifying the role of climatic variation in the dynamics at multiple trophic levels requires, however, a modeling framework that first accounts for the influence of interspecific and intrinsic processes on the dynamical structure at each level, so that the influence of intrinsic processes on the autoregressive (AR) structure of the time series data is not mistaken for a lagged influence of environmental stochasticity [ 11 ] .
Quantifying the role of climatic variation in the dynamics at multiple trophic levels requires, however, a modeling framework that first accounts for the influence of interspecific and intrinsic processes on the dynamical structure at each level, so that the influence of intrinsic processes on the autoregressive (AR) structure of the time series data is not mistaken for a lagged influence of environmental stochasticity [ 11 ] .
Based on the approach used in the development of previous bivariate population models [ 12 13 14 ] , we developed and applied a model testing for the direct influence of large-scale climate on the dynamics at individual trophic levels and interactions among levels (Figure 1).
In contrast, the influence of large-scale climate was significantly weaker at the middle trophic level than at either the top or bottom trophic levels (Figure 3).
The results of our analysis corroborate previous observations of the limiting influences of winter climate in moose population dynamics [ 18 ] , of the mediating influence of winter climate in wolf-moose interactions [ 19 ] , of the roles of wolf predation and density dependence in moose dynamics [ 10 20 ] , and of the direct influence of winter climate on growth dynamics of balsam fir [ 6 ] on Isle Royale.
The results of our analysis corroborate previous observations of the limiting influences of winter climate in moose population dynamics [ 18 ] , of the mediating influence of winter climate in wolf-moose interactions [ 19 ] , of the roles of wolf predation and density dependence in moose dynamics [ 10 20 ] , and of the direct influence of winter climate on growth dynamics of balsam fir [ 6 ] on Isle Royale.
The results of our analysis corroborate previous observations of the limiting influences of winter climate in moose population dynamics [ 18 ] , of the mediating influence of winter climate in wolf-moose interactions [ 19 ] , of the roles of wolf predation and density dependence in moose dynamics [ 10 20 ] , and of the direct influence of winter climate on growth dynamics of balsam fir [ 6 ] on Isle Royale.
To our knowledge, however, this study constitutes the first documentation of direct and simultaneous influences of large-scale climate on the dynamics at multiple trophic levels in a single system.
Although many studies have documented influences of winter weather, particularly snow conditions, on wolf-prey interactions (e.g.
Evidence of influences of snow on wolf movement, social tendencies [ 24 ] and predation rates [ 6 ] suggests, however, that winter climate might affect wolf survival.
While we wish to avoid speculating as to potential mechanisms underlying the direct influence of the NAO on wolf dynamics indicated by our analysis (Table 1), it may be worth considering that residual variation in annual wolf mortality, after accounting for the influences of wolf density and pack size [ 6 ] , correlates negatively with the current-year NAO index (standardized r = -0.
While we wish to avoid speculating as to potential mechanisms underlying the direct influence of the NAO on wolf dynamics indicated by our analysis (Table 1), it may be worth considering that residual variation in annual wolf mortality, after accounting for the influences of wolf density and pack size [ 6 ] , correlates negatively with the current-year NAO index (standardized r = -0.
As well, in the most parsimonious model of fir dynamics (Table 1), the lag-one autoregressive term includes the coefficients quantifying the influences of moose on fir (coefficient c 2 from equation 2c) and of fir on moose (coefficient b 3 from equation 2b).
It is worth recalling, however, that theory predicts that population stability depends on the relative strengths of intrinsic and environmental influences on population dynamics [ 2 ] . In this regard, it may be the observation that climate exerted its greatest influence on the dynamics of the top and bottom trophic levels (Figure 3) that is most relevant because, even if self regulation were equivalent at all three levels, it is at the levels most responsive to climate where we will see the greatest effects of climate change on dynamics and stability [ 3 ] .
It is worth recalling, however, that theory predicts that population stability depends on the relative strengths of intrinsic and environmental influences on population dynamics [ 2 ] . In this regard, it may be the observation that climate exerted its greatest influence on the dynamics of the top and bottom trophic levels (Figure 3) that is most relevant because, even if self regulation were equivalent at all three levels, it is at the levels most responsive to climate where we will see the greatest effects of climate change on dynamics and stability [ 3 ] .
A max is not determined when heart has tetanized because of the marked influence of the shape change and desaturation of myoglobin on the reflectance spectrum.
In this study the bivariate variation of heart rate and respiratory rate is estimated with respect to their influence on the frequency ratio of heartbeat and respiration (according to the error propagation law):
Corticosterone implants also had no influence on blood glucose (134.
Influence of the protease flap movement on calculated binding energy
Influence of MD simulation duration on ligand binding
Finally, we did not account for differences between patients' severity of illness, variations in residents' critical or palliative care experience, comfort in caring for dying patients or the influence of the fellow or attending physician on management decisions.
Capturing data on these other factors would have helped define their potential influence on resident responses.
Capsaicin's use in the treatment of chronic pain is due to an analgesic effect that is explained by capsaicin's action of depletion of stores of substance P from primary sensory neurons as a consequence of the reduced production of prostaglandin [ 39 60 ] . Capsaicin's antiphlogistic activity is due to the "counter-irritant effect"; which means that a local irritant effect exerts an additional more remote antiinflammatory effect [ 60 ] . This is explained by a liberation of corticoids under the influence of certain cutivisceral reflexes [ 60 ] . The counter-irritant effect on the gastric mucosa also occurs because capsaicin stimulates production of the cytoprotective prostaglandin E 2 [ 60 ] . Capsaicin produces analgesic and antiinflammatory effects because it inhibits both 5-lipoxygenase and cycoloxygenase [ 39 ] . A 10 g human ingestion of red pepper stimulated carbohydrate oxidation [ 62 ] . This may explain why the Chocó Indians used it to give their hunting dogs more "energy" [ 25 ] .
Given the 50:50 left/right paw preference of the Chow and LD groups; the expected outcome of SY influence would be the preservation of the 50:50 ratio.
There is a possible explanation in light of the gender-specific differences observed in callosal size [ 24 ] coupled with the fact that prenatal exposure to EtOH causes feminization of male rats and defeminization of female rats [ 12 25 26 ] . There is a hormonal influence on the developing commissural pathway that could be disrupted by a number of EtOH-induced aberrations in hormone activity, such as the diminished perinatal surge of testosterone observed in EtOH-exposed male fetal rats [ 27 ] . The EtOH-induced attenuation of the testosterone surge eliminated the normal sex difference in rat callosal size.
assessed through the summary scores and the relevant methodological issues pertinent toward internal validity of a study were assessed individually and their influence explored [ 55 ] .
Individual subscribers and subscribing institutions as well, have significant influence on the modifications and updating processes of databases.
In the mid follicular phase, p27 staining was restricted to the nuclei (white arrow, panel B), but during the luteal phase, when the influence of estrogens is accompanied by progesterone, the nuclear p27 diminished (black arrow, panel C), and mature and aged epithelial cells showed surface p27 expression, similar to that in all types of muscle fibers.
Another aspect of this interpretation controversy concerns whether there are systematic influences on drug concentration in hair because of color variations, differences in cosmetic treatment, and different intensities of hair hygiene.
The influence of a meal on ethanol blood levels is especially dramatic at the low intake dose, decreasing the peak blood level by about 4 fold.
These experiments will be used to quantitate the influence of food on propranolol plasma levels.
brain) that have little influence on the total body disposition.
Stoeckel and colleagues have carried out detailed investigations of the pharmacokinetics of ceftriaxone in humans and the influence of this non-linear binding [ 13 14 ] . They showed that the non-linear kinetics of ceftriaxone arise solely from this non-linear binding by demonstrating that the kinetics became linear if the free drug concentrations are used in the pharmacokinetic calculations.
The bottom row in these figures quantitates the influence of this early time error on the determination of the intestinal absorption rate by deconvolution by comparing the model rate (green) versus the deconvolution rate (black).
Principal outcomes measuring search frequencies and influence from searching were dichotomized into at least once a week and less often or no answer.
In addition, we set the threshold for judging statistical significance at p <= .001 to further reduce the influence of multiple comparisons on p values.
Besides it seems unlikely that this limitation had a significant influence on the results of this study when we consider the nature of most journal articles dealing with the topic of medical education.
English as a language barrier constitutes a huge problem [ 25 ] . Further the capability of selecting the right journal has an influence.
Additionally, practices that considered "prior user testimony" important in the selection process were 1.39 times more likely to agree with the scheduling subscale than those practices that did not consider prior user testimony as an important influence.
By contrast, practices that considered compatibility an important influence were less likely (OR = 0.66) to agree with financial analysis subscale.
However, the influence of race concurs with other investigations [ 11 12 ] ; race may have a significant influence on body temperatures and needs to be studied further.
Study findings draw attention to needed areas of research for better understanding of the influence of variables such as device, site, race, and age on body temperature assessments.
[ 7 ] It is becoming clear, however, that "managed care" is not a single entity, and that a wide range of economic incentives and disincentives may be created in various forms of managed care, [ 8 ] each likely to have different kinds of influence on clinician behavior.
Specifically, the influence of a potent PKC activator, PMA, and clinically tested drug, Bryostatin 1, on the IFNg-induced MHCII expression in several IFNg-resistant tumor cell lines was examined.
It is well established that, besides the MHCII molecules, IFNg can induce susceptible tumors to upregulate the expression of MHC class I antigens [ 43 ] , tumor associated antigens [ 44 ] , costimulatory molecules [ 45 ] , and heat shock proteins [ 46 ] . In addition, IFNg may have antimetabolic and antiproliferative influence on certain types of tumor cells [ 47 ] . It has also been suggested that IFNg may cause responding tumor cells to secrete angiogenesis inhibitors [ 48 ] . As it is not known which of those IFNg effects are missing or restored by PMA in LS1034 cells, a thorough evaluation of the possible clinical implications of our in vitro findings is quite difficult.
During the past years several epidemiological studies have underlined the relation between diet and incidence of coronary heart disease, and other diseases [ 16 17 18 ] . Dietary factors exert their influence largely through their effects on blood lipids and lipoproteins, as well as on the other established modifiable risk factors, with the exception of cigarette smoking.
Also, epidemiological studies suggest that the Mediterranean diet is associated with lower coronary heart disease risk, especially through the reduction of blood pressures, body mass index, and levels of several thrombogenic factors [ 12 13 18 19 ] . Recently, the findings from the Lyon Diet Heart study illustrate the potential importance of the Mediterranean dietary pattern, especially when compared to other recommended diets, like Step-I diet [ 19 ] . Also, results from a Spanish Study suggest that the monounsaturated fatty acids diets are associated with a significant reduction and a better control of both systolic and diastolic blood pressure [ 20 ] . However it still remains a matter of debate if the protective influence is primarily caused by single nutrients, e.g. dietary fatty acids, potassium or dietary fibre or if it can be attributed to the Mediterranean diet as a whole [ 12 ] .
Insulators seem to function not by deactivating cis -regulatory modules but by preventing their influence from being propagated along the chromosome.
This section presents an application of the proposed methodology to the standard clinical problem of testing influence of sleep inducing drugs on the sleep EEG.
We observe that selective MP-based estimates of power are more sensitive to the effect of influence of both drugs than the spectral integrals.
1. In the recording of patient ZCB09, which revealed a very low spindling activity (last row in Figures 16and 17), fluctuations in the background masked the power of sleep spindles to such an extent, that spectral integrals indicate a partially reverse trend, i.e. decrease of power of sleep spindles under the influence of midazolam.
At each examined frequency, the transmitting power of the dipole was increased until the implant showed an influence.
No influence on the ITREL-III was found during tests with GSM mobile phones despite a maximum transmission peak power of 1 W (1800 MHz) and 2 W (900 MHz).
Tests on other locations of the dipole relative to the phantom (near the ear, the loop or the meander) showed no influence up to a maximum available radiation power of 6 W. The uncertainty of the transmitting power measurement was less than ± 30%, and is basically composed of the uncertainty of the power measurement itself and the uncertainty of the direction coupler parameters.
Although the frequency of homologue separation increased with MG-132 dose, the sample size of 11 oocytes is much too low to comment about their possible origin or their influence on other abnormalities detected in MII oocytes.
Mobile source intake fractions may not be identical to residential intake fractions, and the values applied may be underestimates, given the importance of near-source impacts and the relatively low geographic resolution of models underlying our intake fraction estimates [ 22 ] . The lack of characterization of the influence of SO 2 emissions on nitrate concentrations also contributes uncertainty, although this is likely a relatively small bias on an annual average and nationally integrated basis.
In addition, insulation retrofits of this magnitude could have significant market influences.
There is a lack of clarity in the literature about the definition and influence of antimicrobial use.
Age also has no influence on overall frequency of promoter methylation.
We investigated the interaction of TGFβ 1 with the α V β 6 integrin and its influence on selected target genes known to be involved in cell cycle-regulated growth inhibition.
Influence of TGFβ 1 on cell growth is well established, but the mechanisms are not fully understood [ 75 76 77 78 79 ] . Here, we assayed for the possible synergistic function of α V β 6 integrin on mature TGFβ 1 mediated growth inhibition in Panc-1 cells.
Linking of the TGFβ-R pathway to the Ras/MAPK pathway is dependent on a functional SMAD4 gene product, because TGFβ 1 induced gene expression and activation of Ras and ERK1/2 is attenuated by the TGFβ-RII blocking antibody only in SMAD4 wild type cells, whereas in the SMAD4 deleted BxPC-3 cells, no such influence was observable.
In order to explain this discrepancy, it is noteworthy to mention that unrelated to its anti-glucocorticoid activity, RU486 also has antioxidant properties that have been suggested to play a role in the inhibition of cell growth caused by this compound [ 7 ] . Such an effect and/or other anti-glucocorticoid-independent influences by RU 486 appears to prevail in relation to the overall impact of this compound on cell proliferation, and may indeed suggest, at a first glance, a protective effect against the risk of hepatocellular cancer.
Among the factors that may influence the occurrence of cardiovascular disease the beneficial effect of physical activity on human health has been underlined in several studies [ 2 3 ] . The protective role of physical activity on cardiovascular morbidity has, mainly, attributed to its favourable effects on several "traditional" coronary risk factors, like body mass composition, and arterial blood pressures as well as to inflammation process [ 2 ] . On the other hand, the influence of physical activity on lipids levels showed conflicting results in the few large population studies that have evaluated this association [ 1 ] .
In addition, the influence of diet and genetic factors cannot be addressed by our data.
The purpose of this study was to determine if aging had an influence on muscle blood flow independent of habitual physical activity levels.
Future studies are needed to clarify the influence of age and activity level on oxygen delivery.
A didactic series of lessons was presented focusing upon the role of weight management, diet and physical activity in the prevention of essential hypertension and their beneficial influence upon blood pressure and other CVD risk factors based on National Institutes of Health guidelines on weight loss, diet (reducing salt and sodium intake) and increasing physical activity.
Six additional cases were studied for the extent of syncytium formation under various estrogen influences.
These data provide additional evidence that 4-AP exerts neither an anti-proliferative nor a pro-apoptotic influence on serum-supplemented GC cultures, because PCNA expression is a sensitive marker of GC proliferation and apoptosis [ 18 26 27 ] . The lack of 4-AP effect on GC viability is also evident from the flow cytometric analysis; the percentages of cells staining positive for propidium iodide were 8 ± 2% and 7 ± 2% in the presence and absence of drug (n = 4 samples of 10,000 cells/each from 4 GC isolations).
Asymmetric division may involve extrinsic (influence of adjacent cells) or intrinsic factors.
In other words, asymmetric division in vivo may be a result of the influence of both extrinsic and intrinsic factors.
There is a lack of fundamental information on potential influences of undernutrition on the functional morphology of ovaries of pregnant animals.
There were no significant influences of nutrition on weights of fetal ovaries or tissue concentrations of germ cells (Table 2).
However, human studies have failed to demonstrate a clear-cut influence of hormonal environment on disease susceptibility to lupus or other autoimmune disorders.
Excessively long CAG repeats in the AR are a rare cause of spinal-bulbar muscular atrophy [ 13], and AR repeat length appears to have an influence on the biology of certain tumors [ 14, 15].
However, human studies have failed to demonstrate a clear-cut influence of hormonal environment on disease susceptibility to lupus or other autoimmune disorders.
Excessively long CAG repeats in the AR gene are a rare cause of spinal-bulbar muscular atrophy [ 13], and AR repeat length appears to have an influence on the biology of certain tumors [ 14, 15].
It has been reported that CCR5 expression is upregulated in RA synovial fluid and synovial tissue T cells [ 10, 11, 12], and that CCR5 Δ 32 deletion may have an influence on clinical manifestations of RA [ 13], suggesting that CCR5 might play an important role in RA.
RA SCLs were stimulated with TNF-α, and chemokine production and the capacity of supernatants to influence monocyte migration were examined to assess the influence of inflammatory cytokines on chemokine production and monocyte trafficking.
We examined the influence of TNF-α on monocyte migration induced by RA SCL.
B cells proliferate and differentiate into immunoglobulin-secreting plasma cells under the influence of a combination of cytokines derived from T cells [ 8].
Yet the possible influence of high BMIs in mediating postoperative hip infections and further hip OA disability cannot be ignored.
The present results suggest that the influence of activated T cells on osteoclasts will probably change depending on when and where the T cells encounter the osteoclasts.
In conclusion, this examination of mammographic characteristics detected some associations with soy foods that suggest an influence of nutritional patterns on the development of the female breast.
In conclusion, this examination of mammographic characteristics detected some associations with soy foods that suggest an influence of nutritional patterns on the development of the female breast.
Based on a series of unselected cases, in the present study we examined the possible influence of the amplification of the oncogenes c- myc and HER-2 / neu on disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS).
Averaged over the period 1995-99, age-adjusted invasive breast cancer rates per 100,000 white, non-Hispanic women were 199 in Marin County, 155 in the rest of the San Francisco Bay Area, and 144 in the United States as a whole [ 2 ] . Pronounced international and national geographic variation in breast cancer rates has been studied extensively [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] and has been attributed variously to population differences in the use of mammographic screening, diet, physical activity, body size, alcohol consumption, and socioeconomic and reproductive factors [ 5 6 7 9 10 ] . However, studies of breast cancer incidence among Asian migrants to North America have noted associations with age at migration, suggesting additional important influences of childhood or adolescent exposures or experiences [ 4 5 6 ] . With regard to Marin County, an earlier study by the Northern California Cancer Center (NCCC) using census data suggested that the high incidence was associated with the sociodemographic characteristics of the county and not with a geographically specific exposure [ 10 ] and that women living in Marin County have a higher prevalence of some recognized breast cancer risk factors, such as high education and income as well as low and late parity [ 10 11 ] .
Because OPOs assume patient management responsibility upon declaration of death, individual clinicians have no influence over events after this time.
Many of these patients were under the influence of sedation and the worst GCS would reflect the effect of sedation more than the true underlying mental status.
The stability of heart rate in face of a reduction in systemic vascular resistance in group A patients renders possible an influence of preoperative β-blocker therapy on haemodynamic compensation.
Most of these patients were still under the influence of postoperative sedation during the first 24 hours in ICU, and the worst GCS would reflect the effect of sedation more than the true underlying mental status.
It was therefore impossible to consider the influence of QTc prolongation on the occurrence of critical cardiac arrhythmias such as torsades de pointes.
Ultimately, despite improving arterial oxygen content, PEEP may decrease oxygen delivery to various organs, among which the splanchnic vascular bed appears to be particularly at risk because of its predisposing features and the influence of PEEP on regional blood flow distribution.
These include the potential influence of local perfusion by contact with traditional laser Doppler probes [ 18], the small sampling area of single point measurements which, because of the spatial heterogeneity of the cutaneous microvasculature, might not be representative of overall flow [ 22, 23], and the long time needed to make multiple measurements.
There are three factors that could have a potential influence on the responsiveness of patients with ARDS to inhaled NO: (1) the anatomical remodeling of the pulmonary circulation; (2) the reduction of the lung volume accessible to gas, and (3) the presence of septic shock.
The exception is an analysis of the influence of GC content on average amino-acid composition in 59 bacterial species [ 56].
Conservation is a valuable clue to the relationships between organisms and the influence of events such as lateral gene transfer on the evolution of genomes.
Absolute values for the same transcript concentration differ significantly, despite averaging over 20 probe pairs, which shows the influence of selected probe sequences (Table 1).
To evaluate the influence of hybridization duration on intensity values, the 0.1 pM, 1 pM and 10 pM prokaryotic target concentrations were repeated in experiments where the hybridization time was extended to 32 h with all other conditions left unchanged.
For both 12- and 23-RSS, the positions exhibiting the strongest cooperative influence lie in the nonamer-proximal half of the spacer and in the heptamer and nonamer positions adjacent to the spacer (Figure 2).
Genes or exons which have a K a /K s ≈ 1 are inferred to evolve in the absence of functional constraint; genes or exons which have a K a /K s > 1 are inferred to evolve under the influence of positive selection.
However, the modern era of genomics has been accompanied by increasingly numerous claims that LGT is frequent [ 3, 4, 5, 6], and there now seems little doubt that LGT exerts a significant influence upon evolutionary histories.
Using the aminoacyl-tRNA synthases as an example of the modular-type entities asserted to be most amenable to LGT, Woese concludes that the genealogical trace of vertical gene flow is readable, despite a significant jumbling influence of LGT.
That is, older L1s and older families of LINEs may have had more influence on the exon composition of genes which themselves are generally rather old.
Our data suggest that in addition to androgen-independent positional influences on fibroblast phenotypes, the AR is originally involved in establishing stable and reproducible patterns of gene expression in stromal cells during genital differentiation, which are reflected in the differences in global gene-expression patterns between fibroblasts cultured from the genital skin of normal individuals and females affected by AIS.
Sequence features were added to the regression model as long as the p -values for their associated influence terms ( 
Additional studies focusing on the influence of alginate on PG-1 activity in a biofilm model are in progress.
It is possible that in emphysema, the additional impact on diaphragmatic physiology of fiber shortening resulting from pulmonary hyperexpansion [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 ] affects MHC isoform shifts beyond the influence of a pure increase in the workload on the muscle.
Congress, recognizing that the program could not serve its purpose unless it was "kept free from the influence of or use by it of political pressures," §2996(5), has from the program's inception tightly regulated the use of its funds.
Congress through the LSC Act intended "to provide high quality legal assistance to those who would be otherwise unable to afford adequate legal counsel," 42 U. S. C. §2996(2), but only if the program could at the same time "be kept free from the influence of or use by it of political pressures," §2996(5).
She suggested that the influence of setting be made explicit somewhere in the recommendations.
The attitudes of helping agents towards the alcoholic client: The influence of experience, support, training, and self-esteem.
The model law states, "The insurer shall not be liable for any loss sustained or contracted in consequence of the insured's being intoxicated or under the influence of any narcotic unless administered on the advice of a physician."
If the objective of the test is to estimate the chronic toxicity of the effluent in uncontaminated receiving water, the test may be conducted using dilution water consisting of a single grab sample of receiving water (if non-toxic), collected either upstream and outside the influence of the outfall, or with other uncontaminated natural water (ground or surface water) or standard dilution water having approximately the same characteristics (hardness, alkalinity, and conductivity) as the receiving water.
If the objective of the test is to determine the additive or mitigating effects of the discharge on already contaminated receiving water, the test is performed using dilution water consisting of receiving water collected immediately upstream or outside the influence of the outfall.
If the objective of the test is to estimate the chronic toxicity of the effluent in uncontaminated receiving water, the test may be conducted using dilution water consisting of a single grab sample of receiving water (if non-toxic), collected outside the influence of the outfall, or with other uncontaminated natural water (surface water) or standard dilution water having approximately the same salinity as the receiving water.
If the objective of the test is to determine the additive or mitigating effects of the discharge on already contaminated receiving water, the test is performed using dilution water consisting of receiving water collected outside the influence of the outfall.
If the objectives of the test require the use of uncontaminated receiving water as dilution water, and the receiving water is uncontaminated, it may be possible to collect a sample of the receiving water close to the outfall, but should be away from or beyond the influence of the effluent.
Table 2. Influence of Technology Assumptions on Key Scenario Indicators - 2010
A Pragmatic CGE Model for Assessing the Influence of Model Structure and Assumptions in Climate Change Policy Analysis ," Presented at the 2nd Annual Global Conference on Environmental Taxation Issues, Tellus Institute, Boston, MA, June 2001.
Meta-analysis of Time-series Suties of Air Pollution and Mortality: Effects of Gases and Particles and the Influence of Cause of Death, Age, and Season.
For example, through Boeing's Creating Value learning project, managers learn how to recognize the importance of cash flow and its influence on business decisions, understand shareholder expectations and the consequences of not meeting them, and identify the relationship between individual decisions and actions and shareholder value.
However, perhaps the most significant influence on these changes is advancing technology and the increased use of automation.
3 Through its influence on real wages, labor productivity is the fundamental determinant of a nation's standard of living.
3 Future saving rates of these sectors will of course vary in response to a variety of influences, such as demographics, expectations, and changes in preferences.
Instead, the acquisition environment emphasizes delaying knowledge capture and problem identification since these events can have a negative influence on obtaining annual program funding-a key to success for DOD managers.
Assessing the external environment is particularly important, in part because so many external forces that fall beyond an organization's influence can powerfully affect its chances for success.
An awareness of these potential users' interests and influence can help auditors understand why the program operates the way it does.
Auditors may use approaches drawn from the field of program evaluation to try to isolate the effects of the program from these other influences.
Factors outside the control or influence of management can affect the entity's ability to achieve all of its goals.
These early decisions thus have a disproportionately greater influence on a facility's ultimate performance, quality, cost, and schedule than decisions made later in the process.
In the organic standards rule, however, people submitted comments early in the process to have the greatest influence on the evolving discussion.
All too frequently, such individuals will have significant influence over who is asked to join the board and who is asked to leave it.
In the real world, however, top management has much more influence on and interaction with the outside auditors.
There could be many influences on what is happening and these influences could interact in nonlinear ways such that a unit of change in the input can be associated with quite different changes in the output, sometimes increasing it, sometimes decreasing it, and sometimes having no discernible effect.
is a less complex question because the criterion is fairly clear, the focus is narrow, the influences on compliance are likely to be relatively few, and the relation of input and output is likely to be fairly direct.
Influences on compliance are likely to be relatively few: staff knowledge of procedures, staff training in their implementation, functioning equipment, number of staff compared to workflow, degree of supervision, staff screening and selection
Influences on achievement of sufficient procedures likely to be many, including the state of the art of detection technologies, number and militancy of potential threats to security, and the willingness of passengers, airline personnel, and airport personnel to accept different costs and forms of protection
Case studies do not estimate statistically the influence of the many variables on the instance being examined.
UNCONTROLLABLE COST - The cost over which a responsible manager has no influence.
In fact, the timeline of major events in GAO's existence (see figure 4) reveals the increasing development, complexity and influence of difficult public policy issues related to government activity and our accountability mission:
Your mother's a big influence on you.
But it was his influence on members of the Grand
They fade away, but I think [Carter] had more influence after his presidency."
Some trace their ancestry to the influence of Spain.
A specific subunit of the PKS, named the chain length factor (CLF), was deduced to have a major influence on carbon chain length (McDaniel et al.
At the same time, the system of prescribing medicines will be transformed by a substantial reduction in the distorting influences of the current multibillion-dollar industry of marketing medicines to doctors and (increasingly) directly to the public.
The opposition argued, of course, that aggression, like all human behavior, is subject to powerful cultural influences.
Primates thus can adopt social behavior under the influence of others, which opens the door to social culture.
How this influence takes place is a point of much debate, and remains unclear in the case of the peaceful male baboons in the Masai Mara.
In the end, many scientists have their doubts about the influence of science on decision-making.
Although the paper was not published in a high-profile journal, this elegant and very significant result has had a huge influence on subsequent research.
In addition, our task used money as the secondary reinforcer, which might be a powerful influence on humans but has little biological relevance for other animals, and certainly none in the social domain that I was interested in.
Other areas where biologists have well-developed theories of the influences and impacts of niche construction include co-evolutionary theory, where the environmental feedbacks are largely biotic, and Dawkins' theory of the extended phenotype.
‘The French and Germans and others have elements of that but they also have what you might call more “state-funded science”, scientists as civil servants, and there is obviously much greater possibility of science being funded for less than the best scientific reasons,’ notes Morgan, referring to the opportunities for greater political influence on decision-making.
And size and temperature even explain much of the variation in mortality rates between species—which one might have thought to be strongly dependent on external factors such as predators—perhaps through metabolism's influence on aging processes, such as free-radical damage to the genome.
, nicotine, sleep deprivation, or Parkinson's disease) had its influence.
The microelectrode strategy was quickly adopted to alert animals, making it apparent that higher level brain areas involved in operations upon input might feedback their influences on earlier processing stages [9,10].
The authors clearly state that the company had “a nonbinding input on issues of study design and analyses” but it had “no influence on reporting of the data or the decision to publish.”
Scientific journals are slowly disentangling themselves from unhealthy industry influence over what they publish, and public access to clinical trial data is daily a closer reality [9].
Although sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) was measured in the present study, the SDB analyses were not shown, making it difficult to evaluate the influence of SDB on ghrelin and leptin in this population.
For instance, leisure activities represent a combination of influences.
We have better evidence that good brain health is multiply determined, that brain development early in life matters, and that genetic influences are of great importance in accounting for individual differences in cognitive reserve and in explaining who develops Alzheimer disease and who does not.
Taken together, these results suggest the existence of a reciprocal relationship between isoprenoid-mediated Rho/ROCK signaling and sAPP α shedding, i.e., activation of ROCK1 blocks basal and stimulated shedding while ROCK1 inhibition apparently relieves a tonic negative influence exerted on shedding by ROCK1 activity.
Multiple risk factors, including both genetic and environmental influences, interact in complex and often unknown ways to cause disease and disability in children.
Muscle contractions are initiated under the influence of the motor nerve by release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, which triggers actin–myosin crossbridge cycling (Figure 3).
Genetic risk undoubtedly represents the cumulative influence of many genes, including apolipoprotein E (APOE) and other genes not yet identified.
Clearly Alzheimer disease is the outcome of multiple genetic and multiple environmental influences, operating additively and interactively.
P LoS Medicine was launched at a time of unprecedented concern about the influence of hidden competing interests on the medical literature.
Financial relationships between industry, researchers, and academic institutions are widespread [4], and disclosing these competing interests is a crucial step in helping to protect the public and the reputation of authors and of PLoS Medicine . Disclosure also matters because there is increasing evidence that authors' competing interests have a strong influence on their conclusions.
The Influence of the Pharmaceutical Industry
According to Steve Morgan, “Anecdotal evidence suggests that ALLHAT has had an influence on prescription practices, but I am not aware of a large-scale analysis yet.”
In particular, one important unresolved issue in the burgeoning literature on lifecourse analysis of health concerns how well early life social circumstances are measured, since this these data are essential for distinguishing between the influence of early life and adult conditions on adult health status [8,9].
Both of these individuals contend that pharmaceutical industry influence over their employers (a state and a federal regulatory agency, respectively) played a part in the difficulties these individuals faced in getting their concerns heard [1,2].
Lenzer's report will, we hope, spark discussion and debate about how American medicine—clinicians, researchers, regulatory agencies, and medical journals—can disentangle itself from the influence of the pharmaceutical industry.
The scientist had read my articles on whistleblowers who had raised concerns about the undue influence of the pharmaceutical industry on American medicine My industry source had information for me about drug company practices, but—out of fear of career ruin—would only talk on the condition that I would conceal the scientist's identity.
Twin studies suggest the relevance of small but significant shared environmental influences that are likely prenatal in origin.
Thus, schizophrenia is best viewed as a complex trait resulting from both genetic and environmental etiological influences.
Searching for genetic influences that mediate vulnerability to schizophrenia is rational, given the larger overall effect size and lesser error of measurement in comparison to typical assessments of environmental effects.
The authors also note another issue that has received surprisingly little attention in infectious disease models, namely, the influence of incubation and infectious period distributions on the invasion dynamics of an infection into a largely susceptible population—despite its obvious application to emerging infections and possible “deliberate exposure.”
Under the influence of western missionaries, many African Christian organizations still promote evangelical formulae in which, it is taught, creation was originally good, but then the “fall” of humankind occurred, which is bad, and finally, redemption is available only for the chosen.
Serving Jamaican meals with European influences in a newly designed thatch-covered restaurant set on top of cliffs, providing an ideal location for sunset cocktails.
). This sudden change brought chaos to Egypt and she lost international influence, but Akhenaten’s successor — his son, the young Tutankhamun — brought power back to Thebes and reinvested the priests of Amon Ra and his fellow gods with religious supremacy.
Then, after Alexander’s death in 323 b.c. , Cleomenes took control of the country under the name Ptolemy I. The new city of Alexandria, located on the Mediterranean coast, became the base for the Ptolemaic control of Egypt and the cultural capital of Europe, and Thebes finally lost its influence.
In Cairo they built vast palaces and ornate mosques, and expanded the influence of the great Khan el-Khalili market to expand Egypt’s trading power.
Once they were all at his compound he had them massacred — their influence had come to a sudden, bloody end.
Farther south in Crete, the Minoan culture developed after 2000 b.c. into the most significant of its age, spreading its influence throughout the region by trade and diplomacy.
In the wake of this tremendous natural upheaval, the Aegean Islands next came under the influence of the Mycenaeans (at around 1300 b.c. ), who had a base in the Peloponnese region of the Greek mainland.
At the same time, city-states began to grow in influence on the southern Greek mainland.
As Athens rose in influence and power in the West, it was matched in the East by the rise of the Persian Empire.
Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, the next major power change brought influence from the West.
The Romans ruled a pagan empire, but the Aegean had an important influence on the early development of Christianity.
Greece moved in to administer the land, but a new influence upset any grand dreams of making this region a part of greater Greece.
The missionary influence waned, and the royal court asserted its power, as well as its love of luxury.
•The Romans never really infiltrated Ibiza, and even after the defeat of Hannibal in 202 b.c. during the Second Punic War their influence was restrained.
For the most part, the Moorish legacy is manifested in a few local place names, some words in the Ibicenco dialect, and an indelible influence on the island’s folk music.
The peace process is fragile; the Gaza Strip is still given to unrest and the Israeli government watches cautiously to see if Yasser Arafat’s PLO can effectively police its allotted territories, free of the influence of Hamas and Islamic Jihad (“Holy War,” an Islamic fundamentalist movement).
Greece was given large concessions, Armenia was to become an independent state in the east, and the Middle East was to be divided among the Arab leaders who had fought with Colonel Lawrence (under British and French “spheres of influence”).
Solid gold workmanship and other metal ornaments and tools showed a Greek influence, but the Etruscans’ vaulted architecture, town planning, and irrigation systems were indigenous.
Conquest of the Greeks accelerated rather than halted the influence of their culture in Italy.
The dual influence of Greek and Latin culture persisted.
Hellenistic and Oriental influences were most evident in religion.
Their influences in the sciences and foods they brought with them are still felt today.
The results included fairer taxes; less Church influence in schools; more public education; and removal of the Inquisition, Jesuits, the death penalty, and instruments of torture.
Outside the Austrian sphere of influence, Italy remained solidly conservative.
Powerful land-owning families organized an Assembly to run the everyday affairs of the island, but many landowners continued to live in Britain, where they exerted tremendous influence in Parliament.
Its proximity to the US — only 90 minutes from Miami by air — means that cultural influences for the young are found in American entertainment media and sports.
The Sogas had promoted Buddhism as an imperially sanctioned counterweight to the native Shinto religion, along with the new Chinese customs, to weaken the influence of their more conservative rivals.
The Fujiwara resented the Buddhist clergy’s great and growing influence in imperial affairs.
Japan’s austere, ruthless, but statesmanlike new ruler, Yoritomo Minamoto, set up his government in Kamakura (just south of modern Tokyo), well away from the “softening” influence of court life that had been the undoing of his predecessor, Kiyomori.
Roman Influence
Place names attest to the Celtic influence at every turn.
It didn’t win every battle, but assisted by high-profile friends such as Beatrix Potter, the National Trust slowly came to exert more influence.
Because of the new legitimacy Las Vegas acquired from Hughes’ investments, established companies such as Hilton Hotels bought into the gaming business, and their influence helped draw a line in the desert sand between legitimate operations and mob casinos, where illegal skimming of profits was rampant.
That, combined with the formation of the Nevada Gaming Control Board, would signal the beginning of the end for heavy mob influence in the city.
Indian Influence
Peninsular Malaysia and northwest Borneo remained under the British, but their influence was limited.
But after so many years closed off from the rest of Europe, of equal significance was the injection of foreign influences into Franco’s once hermetically sealed Spain.
But with a foot in so many camps — past and present, east and west, religious and secular — Egypt should be well-placed to withstand the vagaries of modern life and grow in wealth and influence in the coming years.
In Picardy the Flemish influence is unmistakable, and although Alsace may celebrate Bastille Day at least as proudly as any other French province, its cuisine, wines, and dialect all reveal a profoundly Germanic influence.
To this day, the priest has a strong influence within the community.
It continues, however, to exert influence on India’s spiritual and artistic life to the present day.
It had considerable influence on Mahatma Gandhi’s non-violence movement; he used its fasting-unto-death as a potent moral and political weapon.
However, these British influences have, even from the earliest days of colonial rule, always been tempered and molded to the Jamaican style.
In recent years the influence of the United States has been much stronger than that of Britain.
Many Jamaicans head to the States for further education, and the American economic influence on areas such as business investment and planning is growing.
Many Greeks in Asia Minor were forced to leave their homes and brought an influence of eastern cadences with them.
The house fell into ruin after emancipation, when fear of the witch’s influence drove the plantation’s slaves away.
His descendants were major landowners from the middle of the 16th century and played an important role throughout the colonial history of Jamaica, holding positions of great influence in the judiciary and administrative bodies.
Upper Egypt was the heartland of the Kingdom at the peak of its power and influence, and the remains of its ancient cities form one of the most important and breathtaking archaeological collections in the world.
1540–1100 b.c. ). By the time the Romans arrived it was already in decline, having lost influence when Assyrian raiders seized control in the seventh century b.c. and the Ptolemaic leaders made their base at Alexandria in the fourth century b.c.
Lille, center of the fourth-largest urban area in France, is an important industrial city with a growing high-tech influence.
In the Eglise Saint-Trophime (Place de la République), you can see the Roman influence recurring in the triumphal-arch design of its splendid porch.
The icon has a powerful influence over pilgrims, who crawl up the church steps on their hands and knees to pray for divine intervention.
In the shadow of the peak is a network of villages, unspoiled both by the influence of tourists and the excesses of modern life.
The major islands exhibit faded remains of a Muslim influence, though this was just one of several cultures to leave its mark on the islands.
The islands also lie close to the northern Greek mainland and the Balkans region, giving their history different influences than that of their neighbors farther south in the Aegean.
One fortunate result of this community’s influence has been the proliferation of good restaurants and interesting bars from which to choose.
Its sensual, feminine sculptures show significant Tantric Hindu influence.
The Victoria Memorial offers a history of the bygone Raj, Anglo-Renaissance in style with a touch of Mughal influence.
It has a rectangular prayer hall capped by 20 domes, supported by 12 great pillars — compare this to the imperial mosques of Istanbul, which reflect the influence of Haghia Sophia.
The influence is clear even in the most spectacular of the Brenta villas, at Stra, the opulent Villa Pisani, or Villa Nazionale.
The cathedral’s interior is a vast and noble space divided by 52 columns, showing its North European influence in the soaring columns and a decoration of stained-glass windows, from the 15th century to the present day.
You can see his pervasive influence on Milanese artists in the decorative paintings of Bernardino Luini and a fine Portrait of a Young Woman by Ambrogio de Predis.
The latter was built by Shogun Ieyasu Tokugawa to split and counteract the powerful influence of Nishi-Honganji, which had attracted thousands of followers with its free-wheeling Buddhism: it allowed priests to marry and have children, permitted the eating of meat, and renounced traditional ascetic practices.
One early influence of the foreign residents was the development of the nationally famous Kobe beef in a country that had never touched the stuff until foreign barbarians began demanding steaks.
The style of the cross-beamed roofs and simple wooden frames is the same as that used more than 2,000 years ago, before Chinese architecture exerted its influence when Buddhism arrived here from Korea.
Indeed, the Chinese influence in the city is clearly noticeable even today.
Across from the park is the Teatro Municipal (Municipal Theater), a miniature Victorian gem that hosts periodic concerts, while opposite the wine lodge is an old Scottish kirk (church), another indicator of the strong British influence on the island’s development.
Buddhist temples close to the capital hark back to recent centuries, when Kelantan came under the influence of Siamese Kings.
The British colonial influence here, which came into being in a 1909 agreement with Siam, was to last but a brief three decades before their defeat by the Japanese in World War II.
Kelantan’s isolation, as well as its embrace of Islam since the 17th century, kept 19th-century British colonial influence and economic change at bay and enabled this cradle of Malay culture to remain intact.
Until 1802 the town belonged to the Order of the Knights of St. John, whose influence is evident in many handsome stone buildings in the center.
Whatever their origins, their culture evolved under the pressure and influence of foreign forces.
They imposed Islam and left an indelible influence on the countryside and the population of the Algarve.
Prince Henry — made governor of the Algarve in 1418 — had the money, influence, enthusiasm, and vision to lead and cajole the best astronomers, cartographers, boat-designers, and seamen of the day to expand Portugal’s maritime horizons.
Faro, Tavira, and Lagos are towns with a strong Moorish influence, and quiet mountain towns like Silves, Alte, and Salir are reminders of the days before golf courses and hotel chains.
Diamond polishers from Antwerp and Jews from Portugal brought their influences to the city.
As Spanish influence faded, the Dutch star began to rise.
The British were furious and went to war in 1780, destroying the Dutch navy and signaling a sudden decline in power and influence from which the Netherlands never recovered.
“People power” began to exert its influence which ensured that, in Amsterdam at least, progress did not mean sweeping away the past.
But Athens was never to regain her earlier military or political influence.
This age, in fact, had an even more lasting influence than that exerted by Athens during its great “Classical” fifth century.
The Orthodox Church — for so long the one thing that united the Hellenic Diaspora — still has a strong influence on the population.
The whole collection is breathtaking and proof if it were needed of the immense wealth and influence of this ancient site.
In ancient times Corinth rivaled Athens in its power and influence.
It became Athens’ enemy when it sided with the Spartans during the devastating wars of the fourth century b.c. but the city recovered quickly from the defeat and had a second period of influence that began during the third century b.c. when Philip of Macedonia made it the capital of the Corinthian League.
This leaves many hundreds of cays that are totally natural, untouched by the destructive influence of humans and offering pristine habitats to hundreds of bird and animal species.
It had only a limited influence in Bali, however, where people continued in their ancient animist beliefs, worshipping the spirits of the mountains, rivers, and other natural forces.
During his rule, Balinese power, culture, and influence reached a peak, with a boom in temple building and the associated crafts of sculpture and woodcarving.
The company was the instrument of influence of the Netherlands until it went bankrupt in 1799 and was superseded by the government.
Throughout the 18th century, Dutch influence and authority slowly spread across the Indonesian archipelago, but bypassed the relatively poor, unimportant island of Bali.
Once re-established in Java, the Dutch attempted to increase their influence and also to prevent the Balinese from plundering ships wrecked off the coast (the Balinese considered shipwrecks to be gifts from the deities of the seas, and felt it would be insulting to refuse them).
During the rest of the 19th century, the Dutch, using the rajas and other aristocrats as regents, took control over most of Bali, but their influence in the south remained limited.
Spies’ influence revolutionized painting in Bali, which had previously been one of the least inventive of Bali’s arts, bound by repetitive conventions.
As Islam spread through the islands (apart from Bali) some people in Lombok adopted it in a version of their own, Wektu Telu, which retained many influences of animism.
During the 16th century, a Golden Age for Spain, the political influence of Catalonia and Barcelona declined even further.
In the 17th century the Jesuits, headed by Matteo Ricci, had a profound influence not so much on Chinese religion (they made few converts among Beijingers) as on science, mathematics, astronomy, art, medicine, and other forms of knowledge that had never before been infused with Western ideas in China.
Understandably unhappy that West Berlin’s capitalist presence in the middle of East Germany was having a subversive influence on the Communist experiment, the Soviets and their East German allies began to restrict traffic from West Germany.
The rich were getting richer while the serfs were getting poorer, and the Magyar identity was being repressed by the influence of the Germanic Habsburgs.
So, too, is the influence of the Turks, who turned the church into a mosque and carved a mihrab (prayer niche) on the Mecca side of the chancel wall.
Not that you won’t see the influence of American culture in institutions such as the Catholic St. Mary’s Chinese School at Clay and Stockton, or in the neo-Gothic Old St. Mary’s Church.
She and three young woman companions brought a civilizing influence to the harshness of the beleaguered settlement.
Rebelling against conservative religion under the dual influences of surrealism and psychoanalysis, Borduas led the school of Québec Automatistes, represented here with outstanding works by Jean-Paul Riopelle, born in 1923.
A splendid group of Haida and Kwakiutl totem poles nearby illustrate the province’s other important cultural influence.
Colorful and characteristic, and with a Portuguese influence, they have overhanging balconies, and those facing the sea were once used as lookout posts.
Mérida became the focus of influence for the Montejo family, who exerted their force over the surrounding countryside.
So profound was his influence that eleven Chinese emperors made pilgrimages to the birthplace of the Great Teacher.
Intellectuals, who had been harried by the Qin, were encouraged in their creative endeavors; with the invention of paper, the influence of their writings spread.
Soon after, Cixi had the chance to exploit the Boxer Rebellion (1900), a revolt against foreign influence.
10, note the Greek influence in the headdress of the guardian figure carved at the entrance.
Another cosmopolitan influence comes from the area’s many minority peoples: Guilin is part of the Guangxi-Zhuang Autonomous Region, which borders Vietnam.
After the Opium Wars, Hankou was carved up into British, French, German, Japanese, and Russian zones of influence.
Their influence was short-lived, although the olive and the grape, both Greek legacies, soon became important, well-tended crops.
They extended their influence along the River Guadalquivir to Sevilla, then to Córdoba.
The influence of Greece was short-lived, although the olive and the grape, Greek legacies, are cultivated in the region.
There’s no doubt that the Roman presence in Spain had a great influence on the country, bringing the gifts of engineering and architecture.
Numerous Moorish fortifications on the Costa Blanca survive to this day, and the pottery of the region still reflects the influence of Moorish craftsmen.
We now know many facts about Minoan Crete including that at the height of its influence, the population probably numbered more than 2 million, about four times greater than today’s figure, with 100,000 people in the capital, Knossós.
The Soviet Union signaled its domination over Poland with the 1955 “gift” of the Palace of Culture and Science in Warsaw, a monstrous skyscraper that would become a hated symbol of foreign influence.
Many Poles, especially among the intellectual and professional classes, opposed Soviet influence and Communist rule, and in 1956 the regime faced its first real test.
Some modernization is occurring thanks to development funds from the European Union and the influence of returning migrants, but the countryside is still dominated by a traditional agricultural and peasant way of life.
By the 17th century, Évora had lost influence and development came to a halt, preserving the city’s distinctive 16th-century palácios for posterity.
Nossa Senhora dos Aflitos, another church closer to the castle, has an octagonal shape that reflects the influence of the architecture of the Knights Templar, and the remarkable dome is covered in beautiful 17th-century azulejos.
The popular rhythms are a unique mixture of Spanish and African influences, though the instruments traditionally used have antecedents going back further than the Spanish colonial and African slave imports.
For those more interested in history than in the production of rum, there is a fascinating museum that relates the story of the Bacardi family (who still own the business), from their arrival in Cuba from Spain, to their flight to Puerto Rico after the Cuban revolution in 1959, to their influence on the global drinks market.
A marked Aztec influence is also present, probably due to the centuries-long migration of Aztecs from the legendary city of Aztlán, on the Pacific coast, to Tenochtitlan, present-day Mexico City.
He sees -- by means of the divine eye, purified and surpassing the human -- beings passing away and re-appearing, and he discerns how they are inferior and superior, beautiful and ugly, fortunate and unfortunate in accordance with their kamma: 'These beings -- who were endowed with bad conduct of body, speech, and mind, who reviled the noble ones, held wrong views and undertook actions under the influence of wrong views -- with the break-up of the body, after death, have re-appeared in the plane of deprivation, the bad destination, the lower realms, in hell.
But these beings -- who were endowed with good conduct of body, speech, and mind, who did not revile the noble ones, who held right views and undertook actions under the influence of right views -- with the break-up of the body, after death, have re-appeared in the good destinations, in the heavenly world.
"In this crisis," he thinks, "with Mona Lisa and the baby, we can posit that the child has need for tovil--exorcism of evil influences.
-After Robert's death, Clara moved to Berlin in 1857, where she performed, taught, and edited Robert's works and letters; she was known as a champion and interpreter of the music of Schumann and Brahms, and was a direct influence on their music.
Higher implicate orders organize the lower ones, which in turn influence the higher.
In fact, while its fondness for the most idiotic, juvenile humor knows no bounds, any strong emotion is taboo (unless you count horror at having your penis mangled)--that's part of the British influence, I guess.
Most pundits--such as Kristol, Gigot, and Shields--think the ad is ineffective because George W. raised all his money from under-$1,000 contributions and seemingly without improper influence.
Maybe the greatest irony of the Kuczynski piece on the declining influence of magazines is that the story is much more magazine-like than what you'd get from a newspaper like the Times , say, 15 years ago.
Kirkland expanded the labor federation's influence abroad (for example, by sending money and equipment to Poland's Solidarity movement), but is said to have neglected domestic issues, the NYT reports.
The country is basically being run by global corporations that, aside from their direct economic influence on who gets elected and what they do when they get elected (a large aside), control economic policy by essentially saying to politicians on all levels, federal, state, and local, give us fiscal austerity, low taxes, and less regulation or we a) will take our jobs elsewhere and b) won't lend you money.
I must, however, give you kudos for being the first writer I've ever seen limn Beck's Godley Creme influence.
He then spins this not especially supportive datum (think how many fewer records were released in 1967) by saying how it should be compared not with the sales of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones but with those of minimalist composer La Monte Young, whose influence, via violist John Cale, the Velvets brought to rock 'n' roll.
But Juan Williams, Brit Hume, Cokie Roberts ( This Week ), and Bill Kristol ( This Week ) think it does matter--giving a million dollars in collateral to a politician, even for private use, amounts to improper influence.
A WP sub-head says, "Floyd and Siblings Grow Up Without Influence of Jet Stream," and the piece beneath it offers this scientific explanation: "With cold water in the Pacific tropics, the chill, west-to-east, high-altitude winds known as the jet stream no longer sensed the kind of temperature differential that attracted them southward during El Niño.
A brief for isolationism, the book includes a pocket history of "Jewish Influence" in U.S. foreign policy from 1917 to the present.
His words echo those of Charles Lindburgh, a leader of the America First Committee, who Buchanan thinks was unfairly labeled an anti-Semite for warning the country about Jewish influence in Hollywood and the media.
They even play melodies from loudspeakers just as Celebration did until the influence of Michael and Jane Eisner and Robert A.M.
Alone among New York politicians, he has respect and influence on the other side of the Hudson River.
The other four "Tennessee penumbra votes" benefited the nuclear power industry and the Bonneville Power Administration --two out-of-state constituencies whose influence no doubt could be felt in Tennessee, home of the Clinch River Breeder Reactor and the Tennessee Valley Authority.
One of the things the educated elites did during the CCRI fight was to use the full power of their influence in the media and the culture to oppose, discredit, and in many cases smear the supporters.
That shows that the influence of the educated elite is not dominant in American society (if it were, campaign-finance reform would have passed long ago).
One of the virtues of the education-based elite of ours is that it has reduced the influence of looks, magnetism, and social polish, though it will never get rid of them.
But it is also an injustice to history, because it accepts far too credulously the claims made by Reagan's admirers about his accomplishments and his influence.
The LAT notes that while the S&P 500 is more popular with investors--$700 billion is invested in portfolios mimicking the S&P, while only $165 million tracks the Dow--the Dow has a bigger influence on investor psychology.
His column is therefore a fond tribute to Mundell's work in international macroeconomics, a field he practically invented, and to his influence on current thinking about exchange rates and monetary policy.
Some--such as Fox 's Brit Hume, McLaughlin 's Michael Barone and McLaughlin 's Lawrence O'Donnell--think he has been too damaged by his recently published views on World War II and Israeli political influence to make much of an impact.
The Soviet Union and its pawns and allies really wanted to expand their ideological, military, and territorial influence, and they really were engaged in a winner-take-all contest with the United States and its allies for supremacy.
He'd gotten the call from Austin a couple of years ago, and Bush had told him that his 1993 book The Dream and the Nightmare had been a major influence.
Gore did not take his cousin up on the offer, he says, "because a lot of those decisions were made with political influence ...
It's an honor to share breakfast conversation with one of the few people the disgruntled smartasses of my formless generation can genuinely look up to as a formative influence.
I won't give you the whole "we're the guardians of the First Amendment" speech here--though I do recommend it for getting past the rope line at political events--but I do think that without the purifying influence of the press, the United States would devolve into a totalitarian police state within about 20 minutes.
"Rock Style" celebrates the influence of rock on fashion, deploying to that end an excess of media more often seen on the E! channel than in public museums (videos, a soundtrack, floor-to-ceiling photographs of musicians in full stage regalia that cover several ancient Egyptian frescoes).
The practical effect of that will be that the New York Times , the trial lawyers, the labor unions, and the Sunday shows will have all the influence over the presidential campaign from about March [until the election].
The larger point is that his work--like Russell's--is an inspiration; it makes you makes you realize that, The Anxiety of Influence notwithstanding, there are an infinite number of possibilities for framing our experience.
Meanwhile, here are some of the questions from the WSJ online edition's candidate questionnaire that Bill Bradley "declined to answer": "What single figure has had the greatest influence on the development of your own political thinking?"
Money, he said, buys access, and "access is influence."
McCain doesn't think it will be possible to eliminate the influence of private money from politics, or that doing so would even be desirable.
Kifner writes: "A decade after the fall of the Berlin Wall signaled the swift collapse of communism's Evil Empire, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani is still darkly wary of Marxist influence in the nooks and crannies of the city."
That comes from the influence of Marxism, and if you need any better indication of it, it was said at a Marxist study group."
It's probably true that all the stock's rise can't be attributed to the Fool's influence, especially since Celera did announce an important acquisition on Dec. 23.
But that's just another way of saying Bush would do nothing to curb the big-money influence on politics.
McCain : Influence of special interest money
I think that Larry is trying to reach a larger audience with his book, and to do so, he has to explain why under the influence of commerce, cyberspace is becoming highly regulable for those who do not participate in that commerce, and why the regulation that commerce imposes on those who voluntarily join into it should be a bad thing.
And that we ought to pay attention to the influences that are changing this architecture, and therefore changing this freedom.
There's a part of me that's sort of amazed and outraged that a small handful of mostly unqualified individuals throws an awards ceremony--a ceremony in which the voters are notoriously susceptible to the influence of personal meetings with stars, lavish luncheons, and other perks--and everyone pretends that the whole thing is legit.
Let's not forget that Toobin, the man who now decries the baleful influence of book deals, first made his mark betraying Iran-Contra special counsel Lawrence Walsh, for whom he worked as a lawyer, by quitting to publish a book about the case before it was even over!
The outside influence is minimal.
Hollywood executives are attempting to reduce stars' influence . This spring, Disney announced that it would cut its production by half.
Despite their growing influence in America-- salsa now outsells ketchup--Hispanics have yet to realize anything near their political potential.
Critics say expansion could be another Yalta (the 1945 meeting at which Roosevelt, Churchill, and Stalin agreed on spheres of influence in postwar Europe)--imposing a line between East and West, and leaving nonmembers subject to Russian bullying.
But others praise it as a minor-league farm team for potential NATO members, and celebrate its civilizing influence (some PFP members have settled long-standing border disputes).
Failure to ratify the treaty by April 29 squanders U.S. influence . Only representatives from the member states can sit on the committee that finalizes the treaty's logistics, and the United Nations won't hire verification inspectors from nonmember countries.
Because it is in the interest of the media moguls to pay as little as possible for broadcast rights, some critics worry that small-market teams will get the shaft when the media-mogul owners use their inside-the-clubhouse influence to drive down the size of national-TV contracts.
What sort of cultural and political influence does Farrakhan currently wield?
Yet the nation failed to parlay its biggest public-relations success--the October 1995 Million Man March --into greater influence and membership.
The nation has recently considered leaning toward the mainstream right to expand its influence.
The conspiracy-minded allege that the chains also leverage their influence to persuade the big publishers to produce more blockbusters at the expense of moderate-selling books.
Also, an article illustrates the influence that political donations can buy.
The New Yorker excerpts former Labor Secretary Robert Reich's insider memoir, Locked in the Cabinet . Reich recalls the minimum-wage fight, bemoans the influence of Wall Street on the federal budget, and fantasizes a conversation with Alan Greenspan that ends with the Fed chairman calling him a "Bolshevik dwarf."
Nast had as much cultural influence then as Rush Limbaugh has now.
Supposed advantages at home (a trusted brand, political influence) will be useless in the booming international market.
News , Time examines the growing influence of Christian conservative James Dobson.
His key influence is his father Benzion, a fierce, tyrannical intellectual who has nothing but suspicion and hatred for Arabs.
Lenzner's ease in finding sensitive personal info leads the piece to conclude that "the power once held by J. Edgar Hoover--someone who worked behind the scenes, who knew all the secrets and exerted enormous influence on public affairs--has passed into the hands of private men."
It illustrates the influence of the émigrés on postwar American art and exposes American reluctance to rescue the artists from Nazi persecution.
The performance of four new pieces by the 78-year-old avant-garde choreographer occasions pronouncements about his influence on contemporary dance.
"His influence was like a rock dropped in a pond: its ripples are still spreading," says the New York Times ' Vicki Goldberg.
It has overcome its penchant for "overblown, chest-beating angst," according to Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone , with its most mature album to date, which features clever, self-mocking lyrics and bears the influence of '70s supergroup Led Zeppelin.
Obituaries focused on her pattern of gaining influence and prestige by romancing rich and powerful men (Winston Churchill's son, Edward R. Murrow, the heir to the Fiat fortune, etc.).
Pundits blamed Babbitt's troubles, like those of Vice President Gore, on the corrupting influence of President Clinton.
3) China has thereby rid itself of an irksome "martyr" and his influence on the country.
Obits called him the pop singer of the century, noting his range, durability, and influence through Big Band, blues, and rock 'n' roll.
Hard-liners, suspicious of U.S. ideological influence, asserted themselves in March 1996, when missile tests in the Straits of Taiwan were timed to intimidate Taiwan's politicians and electorate as the country held its first direct elections to the presidency.
Deng's successors broadly favor cooperation, but lack the late paramount leader's dominating influence.
Pakistan has been the key supporter, but Saudi Arabia and the United States--both keen to stem Iranian influence in the region--also are believed to have supplied finance.
Most legacy talk, however, concerns his influence on the GOP.
But columnist Auberon Waugh (son of Evelyn), writing in the Daily Telegraph, blamed the existence of such fake Santa Clauses on the influence of the United States and mentioned that, "according to an American psychologist called Professor Jim Hoot, the modern American child is so terrified by the experience that it should be seen as a form of child abuse."
The Irish Independent quoted Irish government sources as saying that the attacks on her had to be seen in the context of Seitz's problems in trying to counteract her influence with the White House.
"Will strafing Iraqi military installations one more time make the Middle East a safer place--or will it only serve to perpetuate Saddam's malign influence by perversely giving him added kudos with his long-suffering people?"
When Clinton goes abroad, he does so as the leader of a nation unrivaled in its prosperity, technology, military might and cultural influence.
Thursday, Le Monde of Paris devoted several pages to Flytrap's possible influence on France.
The tabloid Daily Mail said that "high on Herr Schröder's list is likely to be a forging of a closer alliance with Britain, not as a substitute for French influence but at least as a counterweight to it."
The Los Angeles Times leads with news that the federal investigation into a suspected Chinese scheme to buy influence in American politics has bogged down because the money trail has gone cold.
The piece claims that the company has hired a politically well-plugged-in Washington law firm and held a conference call recently with the Washington state congressional delegation, all towards playing catch-up in an area that, the Journal says, has historically not been a company strong suit--inside-the-Beltway influence.
Reed's departure will diminish the movement's influence.
Between 1953 and the mid-'60s, he made his best records, scored most of his biggest Billboard hits, gave his finest film performances ( The Manchurian Candidate and From Here to Eternity , for which he won an Academy Award), and exerted the greatest political and cultural influence.
It is hard to overstate the Spice Girls' influence on popular culture, especially in Britain.
Free agency and celebrity endorsements have exaggerated the influence of individual stars.
But steadily his fame and power and influence grew.
The first limit on his influence was that he was not quite as much of a Reagan courtier as he was made out to be.
The TV talk shows diluted the influence of columnists.
He thinks Lippmann's influence has been "wildly exaggerated."
(Although it is doubtful whether Greider is aware of the source of his ideas--as Keynes wrote, "Practical men, who believe themselves quite exempt from any intellectual influence, are usually the slaves of some defunct economist."
It is not enough to argue that interest rates are only one of several influences on investment.
That is like saying that my pressure on the gas pedal is only one of many influences on the speed of my car.
One answer is to try to change the incentives of politicians, by making it more difficult for special interests to buy influence.
He also supplied one-third of the budget of the Manufacturing Policy Program of Pat Choate, who ended up as Ross Perot's running mate in 1996 but first became famous for his book Agents of Influence , about the alleged influence-buying practices of foreign governments and corporations.
Particularly impressive is the way that the influence of the Milliken Men cuts across the usual political lines.
, called "deep lobbying": Rather than simply using their money to buy influence directly, special interests pursue the longer-term strategy of funding plausible-sounding people and institutions that supply intellectual rationales for the policies they want.
And anyway Gore, if and when he becomes president, is no more likely to give his personal gurus any real influence than Bill Clinton would have been to place important policy decisions in the hands of, say, Ira Magaziner.
On the contrary, I'm asking for ads that make their stars look cool, thus boosting the prominence of athletes who, in their on-court conduct and post-game interviews, are good influences.
Tocqueville himself was well aware of many of these extralocal influences.
Corrupting influences are everywhere.
We like to think that in our small way, we're having some influence on the conventional media, too.
But no one seems to care any more about influence peddling, a category of sleaze that is equally pervasive, arguably more venal, and much more easily cured.
In an hour-long speech to GOPAC Monday night, he boasted about the Contract With America's influence in Mongolia.
His GOPAC speech was filled with right-wing red meat, such as a proposed crackdown on the political influence of unions and a demand that the Internal Revenue Service be brought to heel.
I've devoted a good chunk of my career as a political journalist to criticizing the mercenary culture of Washington: influence peddlers, PACs, and so on.
Ironically, one of the charges leveled against Microsoft of late is that the company has sinned by not playing the Washington influence game forcefully enough.
And odd as it sounds, hiring influence peddlers generates good will on Capitol Hill.
Michael Shuman of the left-wing Institute for Policy Studies credits Heritage with a bigger influence on American politics and policy than any other conservative institution.
Washington exerts a strong moderating influence, and Feulner has been attacked in recent years for going "establishment"--wanting to be prestigious and respected like Brookings instead of being powerful and feared.
As part of the small, ongoing insurrection of conservative true believers against Speaker Gingrich, he has essentially given up his chance to get bills introduced or to have an influence on the Republican agenda.
At this stage, it is still far from proved that anyone in the Clinton administration knew that the Democratic Party was getting money from China or that money had an influence on its policies.
Most newspapers have elaborate church-state segregation to prevent even the suggestion of influence from the corporate side.
It's not that many Americans would actually approve of what amounts to trading money for influence (or access or whatever you call it) with the government.
The lesson is not that Americans are more cynical and apathetic than the Brits about influence peddling (how marvelous it is that they still rage at the rent-seeking and small-bore sleaziness we take for granted ...)
Also modest, it will not attempt to solve all the problems relating to campaign finance, lobbying, and other activities that allow money to buy influence in politics.
1 is the easy-to-forget point that money shouldn't be able to buy influence with a democratic government.
Trying to prevent all exchanges of money for political influence would be costly (in terms of liberty as well as of more mundane considerations) and futile.
A former drug informant and a dropout from the U.S. witness protection program, Miller has found a safe haven on St. Kitts, where his bullying and his cash have won him enormous political influence with the island's shaky government.
The pull quote in his Oct. 10 column--"Selling influence to rich aliens"--veers into The Protocols of the Elders of Zion territory.
But it's a testament to the agenda-setting influence of conservatives these days that, on Social Security, we're debating the merits of lemonade, when the real issue is: Where do you get the water?
But Herrnstein and Murray's method of figuring socioeconomic status seems designed to low-ball its influence, as explains.
"Does this mark the nadir of this administration's influence?"
Arthur is a reputable and significant scholar whose work is indeed having influence in the field of industrial organization and in particular public policy toward antitrust policy in high-tech industries.
What Cassidy in fact did in his article was to trace a line of influence between one of Arthur's early articles and the current claims of the Department of Justice against Microsoft.
There is nothing new about other nations resenting U.S. influence on their political, economic, and cultural lives.
The first expert to say, "Don't be overawed by what the experts say," became an expert of awesome influence overnight.
For centuries, and in disparate civilizations around the world, people have suspected that the cycles of the moon have a powerful influence over us.
Microsoft has used the image of its competitors' political influence to portray its own lobbying as "self-defense."
The piece has the good detail that when Zinni headed up peacekeeping efforts in Somalia, he met regularly with local cartoonists, who he discovered, had inordinate influence on the largely illiterate local populace.
Another influence the paper cites is that of Steve Forbes, who became a major force in early Republican primaries by spending tons of his own money on TV ads.
Everybody's off-lead is Janet Reno's decision to seek the appointment of an independent counsel to investigate allegations that Labor Secretary Alexis Herman peddled influence and was involved in an illegal campaign contribution scheme.
Such an "evenhanded approach," says the Times , "could reduce the amount of special-interest money sluicing into both parties and help diminish the corroding influence of big contributions."
In 1954, when he was 24 and an artistic unknown, Johns decided to destroy all his work, with a view to purging himself of influence and beginning afresh with a blank canvas.
Still, there's something parched in these paintings, where the air is crisp and even the bodies of water have a solidity of form and contour that recalls and betrays the influence of Poussin.
There are 22 by the master himself (as compared with fewer than 10 in all the American collections combined), and another 50 drawings by contemporaries and successors that betray his influence.
Fanned out in six rooms arranged like a beehive, with the lights turned low to protect the fragile treasures (and lend a mood of reverence to the occasion), the enthralling show is called "Michelangelo and His Influence: Drawings from Windsor Castle."
Exhibitions billed as showing a major artist "and his influence" are sometimes excuses for including inferior art to fill out an occasion.
Some of these drawings have their own distinctive flavor, showing less Michelangelo's influence than his provocation.
The 18 th -century rococo scenes that Renoir learned to execute with great skill, dancers and performers and picnics in the country, were a major influence on his later work.
Bonnard's early influences were the work of Paul Gauguin and Japanese prints, both of which confirmed his interest in bold colors and strongly delineated design.
Nelson Rockefeller was born into a family of such wealth, power, and influence that it's hard to understand how he could have been so perennially eager to please.
During World War II, Rockefeller forged a defense alliance among Latin American countries to ward off Nazi influence.
Another influence was that patrician politician Franklin Roosevelt, who was, like John D. Rockefeller, the focus of Nelson's relentless sycophancy and black-belt bureaucratic infighting.
Still, this is a book whose bibliography includes monographs entitled Private Tooth Decay as Public Economic Virtue and tomes such as The History and Social Influence of the Potato --so the rest of it is still loaded with nuggets worth finding.
Meanwhile, leaders of the Christian right, whose aims are antithetical to those of libertarians, make the plausible claim that it is they who are winning converts and influence by the day.
He caricatures it briefly, calls it "banal" and "tautological," and cites its influence on mainstream economics as further evidence of the corruption of the academy.
This school, which is growing in influence among academics, judges, and legislators, maintains that the object of criminal trials must be the truth.
And, Gaddis concludes, "[T]he Americans lost influence in the Middle East as a result of Suez, while the Russians gained it."
It requires a load of patience and I am principled against showing any impatience to little folks lest it should lessen my influence."
For one, he was steeped in foreign influences.
In Barthelme's case, this kind of packaging seems oddly timed, since his influence on current fiction is if anything at a low ebb.
The kinds of things Johnson reveled in--locker-room talk and stiff belts of whiskey, the "muted grays" of the Senate's well-turned compromises, even his own hard-earned influence and wealth--were the kinds of things against which the Harvard-educated Kennedy defined his very identity.
Thither to the White House, where Attorney General Kennedy, whose only previous public service had been as lawyer for two Senate committees, earned from journalists the label "assistant president" for his ubiquity at the highest levels of executive influence; while Vice President Johnson, who practically ran the government from his Senate chamber in the 1950s, found himself so insignificant that he was only informed of Cabinet meetings five minutes in advance.
His policy prescription includes reducing corporate influence, liberating the system from presidential control, democratizing local stations, serving minorities, decentralizing the Washington-centric service, and increasing accountability.
Ajami complains that many Arab writers and pundits prefer simply not to deal with the cruel realities of the Middle East today: the gap between petrodollar wealth in the Gulf and uninspiring economic growth elsewhere; the persistence of autocracy and the failure to develop accountable governments; the debilitating enmity with Israel; the legacy of foreign rule; the influence of Western political ideas and the sheer power of the United States.
There is simply to the influence the poet Octavio Paz enjoyed in Mexico.
It's infused with a mournful 1950s-era Existentialism, and Paz's French influence pushes him into abstraction.
As for Marcus, under Will's sartorial influence, "[h]e had flattened out and become as robust and unremarkable as any twelve-year-old kid."
McPhee's influence may have narrowed since his heyday, but he remains the ultimate writer's writer.
If you missed the links in the article, click to read about an amateur historian's account of Wittgenstein's influence on Hitler and to read about the strange world of Hitler Studies.
Female physical beauty was viewed as an incendiary and corrupting influence that could lead to lawlessness, social disorder, and anarchy.
Female influence was potent and important, but it functioned covertly.
A Che who, like any ordinary communist politician, had never killed anyone; a Che who had survived his guerrilla adventures, and was today an elderly figure, administering some grim bureaucracy for Fidel Castro or, alternatively, writing books at home in Argentina, surrounded by his anti-communist grandchildren--a Che like that would cause no stir at all today, and writers around the world would not be straining their brains to draw ever finer distinctions between the man's calamitous influence and some undefinable greatness.
The AFI's list of all-time greats downplays the influence of credentialed taste-makers, cinema scholarship, and educated judgment.
There's no shortage of would-be gatekeepers, but in recent years their influence has been waning.
If you missed the link, click to see how the influence of cultural gatekeepers has waned in the last 50 years.
His keenest influence was another composer, Claude Thornhill, who hired Evans to do extra arrangements for his band.
Soft power is power that comes in the form of economic influence or (most softly of all) moral standing.
Ranke, with his avowed intention to show history wie es eigentlich gewesen --how it really was--and with his ambition to put the study of history on a scientific footing, doubtless had a more pervasive influence on the formal output of generations of historians.
Think High Noon by way of Scorsese, with a touch of Peyton Place . (I could also cite Carl Franklin's One False Move and Tony Richardson's The Border --but the list of influences would run as long as this review.)
Lesher is right that we don't see the side of Wallace that has had a continuing influence on politics today.
Other photographers of Levinthal's generation, such as Cindy Sherman, have testified to the influence of "Hitler Moves East" in pushing photography away from the sternly mimetic documentary style of the 1960s toward a more playful, artificial relation to the world.
Then there's the matter of our cultural influence, which is huge (and by no means entirely benign), even if its full magnitude isn't always appreciated by the NPR crowd.
Fresh-Brewed Influence
By forcing candidates to conduct their fund raising at the places of the peoples' business, politicians will have to accept responsibility for the appearance and fact of the tie between influence and money instead of maintaining the fiction of a separation.
Unless there is a connection between foreign-government funding and political influence by John Huang, Slate made the all-too-common error of equating Asian-Americans with foreigners.
ActiveX is a very hot topic in the industry now, with lots of money riding on it, it's impossible not to wonder whether Microsoft's influence on Slate had something to do with this unfairness.
Martin cites his rants against American cultural influence and its "economic enslavement" of Europe, all of which are just an echo of the Moscow line against the Marshall Plan.
Another influence on this debate is the Freudian trend of seeing all family relationships as sexually charged.
While Asian influences are being bandied about, there is clearly a backlash against Asian-Americans, especially the Chinese.
Rodman's was hard-core Americana, with the influence of American slavery.
Wright doesn't understand that the reservoir of personality and influence in sport is not controlled by Madison Avenue or Nike.
And Ginsberg was noted for unleashing many of his more notable works in marathon sessions under the influence of controlled substances, while Podhoretz's work diverged so far from the liberal mainstream that one could argue it could only have emerged using similar means.
Allin and the Murder Junkies as an influence/antecedent.
However, that Slate chose to run these poorly constructed articles is a clear instance of Microsoft editorial influence.
decision is not made under the influence of addiction, mental illness, or Gawande's dreaded scourge of "irrationality."
Any news outside the established national news held relatively little credibility in comparison, and therefore held little influence.
The chances of him/her plowing into you while under the influence of nicotine are far less than being high on marijuana.
Was he a "sheeted ascetic & do-gooder" or a "major influence" on mass movements everywhere?
The anti-HMO strategy is also evidence of the pernicious influence of Anecdotal Politics.
While genetic makeup and peer influence can override some elements of the home environment, parental attention, input, and example cannot be written off.
I think what happened is that he threw off the heavy influence of others and stopped worrying about his lack of conventional technique.
I'm a male Caucasian, am not inclined to consider myself a "religious" or even a "Christian" person, and am a 55-year-old registered Democrat (having switched parties in 1995 after having been a registered Republican all the years before and mainly because of the present influence of the so-called religious right in the Republican Party).
Many years ago, the editor of this magazine, who was then the editor of the New Republic , coined an aphorism for political influence peddlers who defended their shady methods on the grounds that they didn't violate the law.
Spurling draws our attention to some of his influences: the ornate textiles from the Flanders town where he was raised, paintings by Turner seen on a honeymoon in London, and a Cézanne painting he bought with his family's grocery money.
I had warned Clinton from the beginning about the bad influence of that man, who cares only about opinion polls, bends with the wind of the moment, and doesn't give a damn about moral and political principles."
Al-Quds al-Arabi said that U.S. officials who met Omar in the Taliban stronghold of Qandahar last week were less interested in securing the extradition of bin Laden than in thwarting Chinese attempts to gain influence in Afghanistan.
The NYT instead sees the influence of the fall elections, going so far as to call the aforementioned new grant limits "political cover" for long-time NEA critics who voted yes.
USAT says Russia's influence in the world markets is due to its nuclear stockpile.
The paper also warned of the influence the affair will have on Germany's highly charged debate about the integration of immigrants into German society.
But Congress' military influence began to wane as presidents grabbed more and more power.
What does offend me is that bigots such as Falwell and other Christian right-wingers feel the need to "save" our children from supposedly evil influences, such as gay Teletubbies.
Matisse, envious of Picasso's success, tried to ignore him until the 1930s when he needed Picasso's influence to bring himself out of an artistic funk.
The introductory essay argues that war has been the central influence and organizing principle of the 20 th century.
Even a millennium of unnatural selection still leaves room for some environmental influence: A cocker spaniel that wears a "Kick Dog for Service" sign from 9 till 5 will be a lot more likely to bite than a Rottweiler that grew up in a loving home.
The supposedly moderate Iranian daily Kar-o-Kargar blamed Rushdie's presence on the influence on the Italian government of "groups of Mafiosi and of arms producers linked to the United States and Israel."
The conservative Jomhuri Islami claimed that the Italian foreign ministry, under the influence of Zionists, tried to orchestrate Iranian protests against Khatami during his visit.
An unflattering profile of Madeleine Albright asserts that the State Department's influence has waned under her watch and also suggests that she intentionally withheld information about her Jewish heritage.
By embracing Nazi sloganeering, Harris and Klebold may have thought that they had cast out Columbine's influence.
But one better possibility would have been a real examination of how the century in art did finally turn American by way of various attempts to absorb European influences without being smothered by them.
The fiercely family-oriented, usually devoutly Christian parents who increasingly pull their children out of the system in favor of home or religious schooling are correct to fear the corrupting influence of the Columbine Highs.
Tuesday, Le Monde of Paris devoted its front-page lead and its one editorial to the first decline in 15 years of the power and influence of the French extreme right.
According to an editorial in the Daily Telegraph , "The decision is cause for collective rejoicing among those who deplore Mr. Fayed's malevolent influence on our public affairs, particularly his disgraceful claim that the British secret services assassinated Diana, Princess of Wales."
In one TV debate, Yusef Lapid, a Holocaust survivor and founder of the Shinui Party which seeks to reduce the influence of ultra-Orthodox Jews, challenged Eli Suissa, the ultra-Orthodox interior minister, with the words: "Maybe you'd like to put me in a concentration camp?"
This is not a time for partisanship or special interest influence," Committee Chairman Bill Archer, R-Texas, warned the president this week.
There is a distinct Asian influence in the court of the queen of Naboo.
The influence is sure to be diffuse.
Many claims about the influence of popular culture are exaggerated.
Very much to her credit, she hasn't become bitter about her shrinking influence; she's not stuck in whiny nostalgia for the way things were.
One is that the disabled have a strong, perhaps disproportionate, influence when it comes to public policy.
It is hardly surprising that a cardinal aim of Russian policy is to counter NATO's influence in central Europe, "and the role of honest broker between the West and Belgrade gave them an ideal opportunity to do so," the paper said.
In the worst-case scenario, at least McCain can peddle his influence in Congress, while Dole is unemployed.
In social science terms, the Republicans believe there is a correlation between the influence of religion and obedience to the law.
The Times found "no sign that political influence helped Bush along," and the News adds, "Officers who supervised Mr. Bush and approved his admission to the Guard said they were never contacted by anyone on Mr. Bush's behalf."
For all the film's obscenities, its primary influence is musical comedy.
The United States has demonstrated its seriousness about getting its hands on him by announcing simultaneously with Sharif's arrival in Washington that it is freezing trade with "all territory under Taliban control or influence."
It noted the disproportionate influence of Iran's 1 million university students in a country of some 62 million where more than 60 percent are under 25 years old.
Patricia Schroeder exults in the Los Angeles Times that the team "buries some of the Barbie doll influence ," and Newsweek 's jubilant cover story shouts that the team is "taking women's sports to the next level ," but New
The Independent on Sunday puzzlingly described Des Moines as "a cross between 1930s Berlin and Calcutta," and speaking of the poll's disproportionate influence on the U.S. electoral process said, "It is as if the population of a Lincolnshire village were pivotal in deciding the British government."
"My campaign theme is to try to reform the system that is now awash with money and the influence of special interests," he argued on Fox News Sunday . Brit Hume's retort--"that this whole process isn't quite pure enough for you"--played right into McCain's hands.
He was, however, frequently distracted by attacks on his wife, who was seen as an extravagant spendthrift and a sinister influence on the king.
I believe the most unsettling image currently extant in popular culture is that of Bob Dole under the influence of Viagra.
A piece denounces Alexander Haig for parlaying his brief stint as Ronald Reagan's secretary of state into a career as an international influence peddler.
Richard Bernstein praises the novel as "a funny, melancholy, romantic, disturbing, character-rich window on the war" (the New York Times ). But others complain that "the influences of Joseph Heller's classic Catch-22 and Louis de Bernières' recent Corelli's Mandolin are rather too blatantly present" and make the novel feel overly familiar.
As the best-known film critic in America (and the only one ever to win a Pulitzer), the erstwhile broadcasting partner of Gene Siskel holds a position of unique influence in film.
2) Buy Busch at all other times, since it gives them the maximum taste and social influence per dollar invested.
Pundits whether the assistance was an apolitical gesture of friendship or an attempt at improper influence.
Under the Crony Attorneys General, the Justice Department exercised vast influence over legal policy.
Reno opposed some of these policies internally but had too little influence to stop them.
Pundits variously said Quayle's withdrawal revealed: 1) moderates' control of the GOP; 2) the influence of money over presidential politics; and 3) Quayle's lingering reputation "as a lightweight" ( New York Times ). McCain framed himself as the candidate of patriotism and integrity, promising to reform campaign finance and strengthen national defense.
While poking fun at Wolf's obsession with male power, critics insinuate that she's accumulating undue influence in the campaign.
In a front-page report on her "behind-the-scenes influence," the Post cites sources who say "Wolf's tentacles stretch far beyond" the project to which Gore assigned her.
Wolf is now a full-time coach; earlier this year, she and five other "remarkable women" founded the Woodhull Institute for Ethical Leadership, devoted to training twentysomething women "to assume positions of power and influence."
Stars have such influence on Americans today.
The paper said, "Tensions have been stirred by the Vatican's strong and unhelpful denunciation of the Israeli authorities and by the decision of the Christian clergy to make a stand as a way of recapturing dwindling influence.
Ruskin argues that posting the reports would allow citizens to trace patterns of influence.
… It is very clear to all the lobbyists and the special influence people that run Washington now that if John McCain is president of the United States, things are going to be a lot different."
Other writers have influences; King has nothing but influences.
In fact, everything everyone asserts in the Rolling Stone "Millennium" issue, except Princess Mononoke director Hayao Miyazaki's assertion that his biggest influence is Bruce Springsteen.
The Jerusalem Post 's editorial criticized the desire of "considerable numbers of Israelis" to negate the influence of Israeli Arab votes in an eventual referendum on the return of the Golan Heights to Syria.
The Daily Telegraph took a similar tack, decrying the "rise in military influence" and "a resumption in the sway of oligarchs such as Boris Berezovsky," but taking heart in the shift of power "from conservatives to reformers."
Thus, Mr. Primakov's active pro-Iraqi diplomacy in the Middle East will be moderated, but Mr. Yeltsin's pursuit of a Chinese rapprochement to offset American influence will proceed at a leisurely pace."
1. Influence.
In a story on the POC debate, the paper leads with Time Managing Editor Walter Isaacson saying, "You can't write off Hitler," since "many people" argue "that he had the most influence on the century by far.
Then there's the populist-elitist debate over what sort of influence counts most.
Time rigs the debate in favor of its nominees by defining influence to include the spread of their ideas and sentiments.
If your POC nominee scored his achievements early in the century, stress his long-term influence.
The Benign Influence of God's Answer
After all, influence is hard to measure.
Antonin Scalia cast his two votes (his own and Clarence Thomas') with dissenting Justice Anthony Kennedy, who argued that the decision might limit the influence of the very rich, or so I understand it.
The NYT reports that the union has 1.4 million members, down from 2.3 million during the seventies, but it still holds considerable influence over U.S. industry.
Robert Byrd, "whose influence on such matters is enormous," told the White House not to try and broker a deal--this is something, he advises, that should be worked out strictly among senators.
Yugoslav President Milosevic would not grant Dole a visa, forcing the former-Senator to exercise his influence from neighboring Macedonia.
Admittedly, the script is no prize, but Aiello compounds the problem, droning along as if under the influence of prescription drugs.
Is there an automatic place for the top consciousness-raising tracts of the fifties (David Riesman's The Lonely Crowd ), sixties (Norman O. Brown's Love's Body ), seventies (Christopher Lasch's The Culture of Narcissism ), and eighties (Alan Bloom's The Closing of the American Mind )? A tempting (and sensible) option is to split the difference between influence and style by picking the top books about the major events of the century: Communism (snubbing Whittaker Chambers's Witness would be a scandal), race and colonialism (Gunnar Myrdal's An American Dilemma , Octavio Paz's The Labyrinth of Solitude ); modern art (Woolf's A Room of One's Own , alas; Edmund Wilson's Axel's Castle , if To the Finland Station misses under Communism); and the Holocaust (with Anne Frank's diary likely to top the whole list).
Under Hick's influence, she occupies herself with the Poor of all sexes.
Top influence spender?
But most feminists, even recognizing the influence of preverbal and nonverbal forces and various sexist institutions, see acceptance of sexist language as an insidious poison.
Its overall influence is profound but undiscussed, although aspects of that influence are discussed constantly, under headings like “language,” “education,” “standards,” “literacy,” “literature,” “science,” and “medicine.”
Its overall influence is profound but undiscussed, although aspects of that influence are discussed constantly, under headings like “language,” “education,” “standards,” “literacy,” “literature,” “science,” and “medicine.”
No saint of his time or country had more frequent or affectionate intercourse than Cuthbert with the nuns, whose numbers and influence were daily increasing among the Anglo-saxons, and especially in Northumberland.
Essentially, he proposes that the parent of all Indo-European languages was itself born in central Anatolia, whence it spread eastward, westward, and northward, being modified by the influences of the languages with which it came into contact, till it ultimately emerged in its recognizable, modern manifestations which we categorize into Germanic, Hellenic, Italic, Indo-Iranian, Anatolian, Armenian, Celtic, Tocharian, Albanian, and BaltoSlavic.
), “The influence of science and technology” (“[ I ] nput has become an overworked vogue word.
.”), “The influences of other varieties of English” (in which one can find good examples of so-called Americanisms that were formerly British).
7. The change from numble pie to umble pie to humble pie , attributed to “some anonymous punster in the time of William the Conqueror,” was actually due to the same influences that changed a napron to an apron in the first instance and to the characteristic weakening of the initial h in English, heard today in an historical, an hilarious , etc.
L: Can we ever escape the influence of that act?
If the greatest single influence on the current evolution of English RP and of many non-standard accents in Britain today is the `popular' London accent, it is also true that the greatest single influence on the grammar, vocabulary, and idiom of English as spoken and written in Britain is American English.
If the greatest single influence on the current evolution of English RP and of many non-standard accents in Britain today is the `popular' London accent, it is also true that the greatest single influence on the grammar, vocabulary, and idiom of English as spoken and written in Britain is American English.
Upon learning that mahon-meant `salt-lick,' the name was partially translated into English as Lick-ing, the -ing being added by phonetic transfer and probably some morphological influence, as well.
To be jealous of a person is to be open to another's influence, to have one's sense of self continuously challenged by another.
Professor Mellinkoff traces the verbosity of lawyers to the historical influences of primitive ritual, bilingual duplication, and payment by the word; certainly their Latin and French gave them a running start over competing professions.
Other examples cited are probably owing to foreign influences.
Compared with American slang, which is strongly under the influence of New York and other big cities, Hollywood and showbiz in general, there is little British slang that comes from Yiddish.
Another mistranslation which has probably had a much greater influence on the Western world is that of the Hebrew word almah , which means `young woman' but was translated as `virgin.
The well-documented Indian influence is widespread.
Spanish names are particularly common in the areas of long-lasting Spanish colonial influence, especially California and the Southwest.
While it is acknowledged that such a method would not work well for books, the idea was that the number of occurrencies of a lemma (a technical though convenient term for the `thing--word or phrase--under study'), multiplied by, say the Audit Bureau of Circulation sworn circulation of a periodical would yield a figure that could legitimately be called its Exposure . Obviously, such a number would be far too large to manipulate readily, so, using a formula familiar to statisticians, it was normalized to produce a simple decimal number of only a few digits which I called the lemma's Exposure Index . The purpose of the exercise was to connect the frequency information with the language as it is used and perceived; in addition, the approach would serve to eliminate from consideration those materials which, though published, were little read, with a consequent low influence on the lexicon.
Both Boswell and Johnson wrote readable and lucid prose, and scholars who gloss their texts cannot resist their influence, which is all for the good.
Of course, western science and technology exerted great influence on China, so that some scientific terms were borrowed into Chinese.
; consider the immense corpus of English literature and of the writings about it; and then consider all the material ancillary to the foregoing: the teaching of English not only to foreign learners but to native speakers as well, the conventions of writing, punctuation, usage, and pronunciation, the multifarious influences of English and on English around the world, the study of style and of literary devices, etymology, etc.
The richness and variety of his own vocabulary was a good influence on that army of young readers.
through Slang in Its Cultural Environment, Some Features of Slang, The History of Slang, Influences on Slang: Military and Civilian, Slang in Other English-Speaking Countries, to Motives for Using Slang and a final word, History of the Project, the last revealing that the editor's initial interest in such a project went back to 1968.
This could not safely be done in England-- nor, in the end, even in Europe, in spite of its more advanced reform, mainly under the influence of Luther.
Partly due to the influence of cinema and television, many of these new English speakers are not aware of the differences among English, American, and Australian.
James Joyce said that this poem had some influence on him when he was writting Finnegans Wake.
But on return trips to my birth place, the Northumbrian influence would show and I would be baited as a “Geordie.”
We must, I believe, strive to rout out these corrupting influences on literary art; to debourgeoisify writing.
Though in the short run influences of languages and dialects on each other may result in distortion and ridiculous or embarrassing absurdities, the longterm fruit of linguistic cross-pollination appears to be enrichment, of which the English language provides a shining example.
On every page, the quotations are numbered sequentially, providing a quick reference point for the Index, which lists quotations by their key words, in some cases listing them more than once: for example, By their fruits ye shall know them is listed in the Index both under fruits and under know . One criticism focuses on the designer of the book, over whom the publisher's editor (if not Nigel Rees) should have exercised some influence: in a book in which the page numbers are an essential piece of the reference apparatus, they should not be set in the center of the bottom of the page, where they are hard to see when thumbing through, but at the top, as close to the foredge as possible.
It has not been without influence on the ABC's commercial rivals.
The most common example used to be US encyclopedia vs. traditional non-US encyclopaedia (encyclopædia ). However, as even the British spell this word the US way now, the best examples of current US/non-US dichotomies in the use of the digraphs can be gleaned from the world of medicine and science, as in gynœcology/gynecology, hœmatology/hematology, œsophagus/esophagus, œstrogen/ estrogen, cœsium/cesium, œdema/edema, œstrus/estrus, pœdiatrics/pediatrics . In Canada, one rarely encounters in common usage the British spellings listed, but, while they continue to be widely used by medical professionals, even that practice has come under US influence.
More and more, however, the flow is not unidirectional: most English-speaking monolingual Quebecer will use metro for subway, dépanneur for convenience store , and caisse populaire instead of cooperative bank . The following demonstrates the French influence on Quebecois English:
The impact of writing on language cannot be denied: in English, the conservatism of the spelling system has had an effect on the preservation of linguistic features that might have otherwise faded; in all languages, the traditions of literature (to say nothing of scripture [sic] ) have a profound influence, as the “fundamentalist effect” bears witness.
To ignore or scorn writing and its influences is struthious and unscholarly, and this emerging crop of books, besides their attractive graphics—excuse the pun— are welcome.
As a lover of Yiddish, I hate to see its influence ignored in such a lengthy etymological review.
' If we are to go by the evidence, we must recognise that the interpretation of `dear' by `dear Lord' or even by `Lord' at all, is due to the influence of popular etymology, which could make nothing of `dear' when it stood alone.
The Jewish contingent has exerted a particularly pervasive cultural influence (see Food, above [`where available, high-quality Jewish delicatessen food is much esteemed'], and note that several common jargon terms are obviously mutated Yiddish.”
Nineteenth-Century English is an interesting if somewhat staid tracing of the development of English into a world language, though its influence today is probably owing directly more to events of the past sixty years than to the growth and spread it enjoyed during the century of colonialism.
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
There's still time for you to take part by attending the remaining events and by making a gift to Herron in honor of its tremendous continuous influence on the Indianapolis art scene.
Maintaining that same level of influence is harder and harder due to the rising operating cost of a professional art school.
It was all of those positive influences that I have to thank for opening my eyes to dentistry as a profession.
It takes a partnership of private support and University funding for the law school to continue to grow in stature and influence.
It takes a partnership of private support and University funding for our law school to continue to grow in stature and influence.
Young people are exposed daily to violence, pornography, and other unwholesome influences over the internet.
