and uh pittosporum that used to be the kind of things we could plant all the time you you really take a chance with them freezing
Generally less chance of temporal variations in waste properties.
Choice, Chance, and Wealth Dispersion at Retirement," Working Paper No.
Bayoumi's version can be challenged as well, since the mosque is close to the restaurant and Bayoumi had visited it, and the surrounding area, on multiple occasions, including twice within six weeks of February 1. We do not know whether the lunch encounter occurred by chance or design.
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
Negative z scores indicate GO terms with fewer genes meeting the criterion than expected by chance.
We would expect to find 40 differences by chance alone (0.
One possibility is that studies report different estimates of the single true relationship between a given pollutant and a health effect due to differences in study design, random chance, or other factors.
yeah chances are that it's probably going to have the the fewer mistakes than it had the year before
05 probability level, one in 20 tests would be expected to fall outside of the control limits by chance alone.
As one of Clarke's staff noted, only a "chance discovery" by U.S.
have a 1-in-16 chance of selection, and that chance would be equal among sites.
In Quinean terms, in an uncontrolled study, the observation statements (about the patient's condition) and the theoretical statement (about the efficacy of the treatment) may be linked too tenuously along the radii of the web; in the extreme case, the apparent linkage may be purely by chance.
Their chance of becoming malignant usually increases as the size of the lesion increases.
And as long as you have no realistic alternative to industrialization based on low wages, to oppose it means that you are willing to deny desperately poor people the best chance they have of progress for the sake of what amounts to an aesthetic standard--that is, the fact that you don't like the idea of workers being paid a pittance to supply rich Westerners with fashion items.
The top-non-local story at the Washington Post is France's triumph at the French-hosted World Cup, a story that gets top-of-the-page-with-pictures coverage at not only the Post , but also at the Times and USAT . (And a reefer-with-picture at the LAT .) This no doubt reflects the papers': a) perception that they have more immigrant readers these days and b) chance to justify all those upcoming French expense account items.
As stated previously, the selection of differentially expressed genes is essentially a search for outliers, i.e. gene data lying outside some standard distribution of differences relative to a control state, and which cannot be ascribed to chance or natural variabilty.
Also, there is less chance of detecting slugs of toxic wastes, or other temporal variations in waste properties.
Hence, initially, the chance of leaving the class is small but then increases as the mean infectious/incubation period is reached.
You stand the best chance of finding a patch of sand to yourself to the east of Nerja and west of Estepona.
i think that i don't know it's hard you don't want to be so mean that you're you're doing away with people that have a chance to change
sometimes local events can generate chances for faculty and staff to assist the community because of their unique forms of expertise.
The best chance the bank has of lowering the value of the yen--and it would be only a chance--would be to effectively print a lot of new currency.
the the other the other hand where you say you know if there's just that slim chance that they didn't do it
This could be a chance event, or it may result from selection for certain X-linked alleles during embryonic development, as has been described in carriers of X-linked immunodeficiencies [ 17].
Competitors would jump at the chance to meet unmet mailer needs.
No one knows, but I will raise a possibility that has a chance to be true for a biosphere.
5; a gene with a 50% chance of being divergent or present is assigned a value of 0; a gene with a 100% chance of being present is assigned 0.5.
However, a Bonferroni correction would be too stringent for exploratory research [ 12 ] . A useful alternative to P in studies involving thousands of comparisons is the estimated false detection rate, which is the ratio of the expected number of chance differences (P × number of comparisons) to the number of differences observed.
To maximize the chances of reaching residential numbers, seed numbers used for dialing included the area code plus the first five digits of the study's cases and all cancer cases diagnosed in Marin County in 1998.
While this does not rigorously eliminate the possibility that the original series was pseudorhythmic by chance, it will show that the combination of analytical techniques used is not generating artifacts when given a randomized version of the original data.
After recent years of fiscal discipline and focus on fiscal responsibility, the anticipated surpluses offer a chance to meet pent-up demand for discretionary domestic spending, increase defense spending, cut taxes, shore up Social Security and Medicare, reduce the debt, or do some combination of these.
The alignment between these bacterial proteins and the eukaryotic Rad52 homologs was co-linear throughout the entire length of their shared globular region and the Gibbs sampling procedure detected two motifs of greater than 20 residues, with a probability of chance occurrence in these proteins less than 10 -18(Fig.
The most important parameter for purposes of interpretation is the enrichment (or depletion) of a category with respect to flagged genes (relative to what would have been expected by chance alone).
The only thing I did know for sure was here's a chance to change things for me and my children.
They welcome the chance to belong, to become self- sufficient, to regain their self-esteem and confidence.
Join in this wonderful event and help Jameson Camp continue to provide the year-round support that gives kids a chance to create dreams.
As I told you, in the past we were a very poor family and I never got the chance to go to college because of this.
But I love what I do and, uh, anytime I get a chance to teach in a classroom I go for it so.
Here was a chance to quantify such things.
"Every chance he gets," interrupts a young catechumen.
History never gave them the chance.
Snip's choice B is a 10-percent chance of winning $5 million plus a 1-percent chance of winning nothing plus an 89-percent chance of winning $1 million.
So I never got a chance to go to school.
Non-physiologic RSS that have simply arisen by chance can be referred to as fortuitous RSS whereas those thought to have descended from the same ancient transposon as physiologic RSS can be referred to as cryptic (cRSS) [ 49, 50].
Thus she kept the dress, knowing that her affair was going to be made public by her good friend Linda Tripp months later, and she would have a chance to produce the dress as evidence.
because they know the people that they're pushing it to if they're in a work place where they can be randomly checked when it happens then they stand a chance of being turned in and you got ways now of cutting the whole drug traffic trade
At the Artis complex there is the chance to explore the aquarium, zoo, and planetarium.
And so, um, we met in FL, and in Boca Raton and we stayed with my grandparents, and we would stay with my grandparents for at least one night, uh Boca Raton, and then the rest of the week we spent in Fort Lauderdale because my grandfather owned a hotel called The Sanddollar in a place called Lauderdale by the Sea, um, in Fort Lauderdale, and it was fantastic time and when we had the chance to spend time together and just go out on the beach and at night we would go out to dinner I remember going to a Benihana Japanese steakhouse, and we just felt like we had freedom, and then we weren't yet 21 so we weren't allowed to go to clubs in Fort Lauderdale, so we basically spent our time, uh, watching movies in the hotel room or just walking along the strip and I remember going out for ice cream one night and just walking along the boardwalk it was very, very peaceful time, and the worst part of the vacation was getting sunburned, um, because I'm extremely pale, and going out on the beach everyday for hours on end turned me into a lobster, and, um, my friend Crystal would always joke with me and call me, um, her lobster.
You'll get the chance to visit local artists' studios.
The chances are high of making the slit too deep or forgetting it entirely.
The article, published in 1994 in a prestigious, peer-reviewed journal called Statistical Science , argued with unnerving force that the first book of the Bible contains embedded codes that predict events that long postdate its writing and that these codes are, statistically speaking, "not due to chance."
spend it on the ones who who do have a chance
Whether or not you decide to join the Chinese masses and take the plunge, you’ll appreciate the chance to see them at ease — sunbathing, strolling, having their pictures taken, and eating ice cream or dumplings.
So, immediately, as soon as possible, rather, I got on the phone and I called over to Justine Morrow School and I got a chance to talk with the director who knew about the uh workings of ( ) Foundations and grants.
These can include unforeseen chances to enhance student and faculty learning by inviting special visitors and scholars to the campus when they happen to be in the state.
05 probability level, one in 20 tests would be expected to fall outside of the control limits by chance alone.
However, the likelihood of significant differences occurring by chance in this series of multiple comparisons is considered in the Results and Discussion.
Simply put, your generous contributions make all the difference between saving more of Indiana's natural areas, or never having another chance to do so.
[ 28 ] N-methyl pyrrolidone's vapor pressure at room temperature is very low, thus minimizing the chance of exposure by inhalation.
On the chance that my guess is right, I am writing to you today to invite you to become a member of LOGOS-the League Of Greek Orthodox Stewards.
To coordinate care and provide optimal support for dying patients and their families, conversations about care must occur while the patient still has a considerable chance of surviving the current illness [ 1 3 ] . Given our inability to accurately predict the end of life, it may be necessary to develop simultaneous plans in the face of serious illness: one which facilitates the support of patients and family through death and bereavement and a second which provides maximal efforts to restore physiologic balance [ 1 3 4 5 6 ] .
It thresholds the T-statistics to provide a 'significant' gene list and provides an estimate of the false-discovery rate (the percentage of genes identified by chance alone) from randomly permuted data.
She would have a better chance of getting help and delivering a healthy baby if she lived in Sweden.
The estimated chance corrected agreement (Kappa coefficient) was 0.75 with a 95% confidence interval of (0.
..I had my second chance to change my life."
...Men and women struggling with addictions find healing, forgiveness and the chance to make a new start in life.
Indeed, we found that 56% of the 11,160 predictions in fact lie within 50 bp of an EST, much higher than would be expected by chance, and in accordance with the results in the much smaller Adh region set.
These open seats --Washington, Colorado, and North Dakota --coupled with the ousting of long-term Democrat Alan Dixon, have greatly increased our chances for victory.
Enclosed are additional materials to illustrate the commitment of Peace Education Program to "giving youth more than a fighting chance."
Maybe it is my training in the sciences coming to the fore, or maybe it's my belief that the Postal Service is too important to our economy and too intertwined in our everyday lives and livelihood to leave too much to chance.
However, preventive measures can reduce the chances of one's contracting cancer.
Berger told us that he saw no chance that Sudan would have handed Bin Ladin over and also noted that in 1996, the U.S. government still did not know of any al Qaeda attacks on U.S. citizens.
Then Ted decided the children deserved a chance to start over in another town, no matter how difficult it might prove to be.
Edward, seeing this invitation as a chance to assert his claim as overlord of Scotland, chose John Balliol, whom he judged to be the weaker of the two.
but still i take my chance with the odds of twelve
Analysts agreed this sharply reduces DOJ's chances of winning its suit against Windows 98.
Multiple comparisons were made in this study and consequently the results may have been chance findings.
In the case of animals that are not recovered by-their owners, your Humane Society uses a wide variety of - services to aid those animals and give them a chance at a happy life.
Take a closer look, however, and you’ll find that a few key areas offer truly singular shopping opportunities, and a chance to experience a bit of Mexico’s cultural soul in the process.
there's been movies out that i've been wanting to see i just you know don't get a chance to get out and see them
Soon enough, talk turns to the intern's high-level security clearance and the chance that she might blackmail the president.
If, for example, one wished to be certain that a gene is differentially expressed, or does not wish to resort to laborious conventional techniques to confirm expression changes, the only appropriate filtering method is the Bonferroni (or other related) procedure, as the chance of generating false positive results using such methods is negligible.
A bartender will be available and we will have a chance to enjoy reminiscing the equivalent of our four academic years together and the happenings during the time that has transpired since our graduation 50 years ago.
The Japanese themselves (in the big cities at least) can be seen more often than not with some kind of shopping bag — they make very large, sturdy ones — just on the off chance that they might want to buy something.
Obviously only Rudy Martzke ever thinks twice about these people, but this creates a chance for you to sound authoritative when someone challenges you on your sports-viewership expertise.
If two nonoverlapping words were closely spaced in all TCRs, we should find to be smaller than expected by chance.
We would like to give middle school youth who are part of our Urban Mission Branch a chance to participate in an outdoors experience.
Chances are kids will have the most fun while touring with their parents at Beijing’s celebrated outdoor attractions: running up and down the Great Wall, paddling rowboats at the Summer Palace or Behai Park, passing secret messages inside Echo Wall at the Temple of Heaven, or just strolling the exotic alleys and streets of the capital’s new and old neighborhoods.
good chance there hope so
Prudie will pass up the chance to point out what would be seen by some as your good fortune.
0 have a greater chance to be called "Absent" than "Present" by MAS4.
uh Carter um i was real disappointed that uh uh that he didn't he didn't have a chance uh because he didn't have a platform behind him uh uh you know a group and
3) The Washington Post reported that for $5,000, the National Republican Senatorial Committee is offering donors a chance to give Trent Lott and other senators "advice" at a forum next month.
Soon after, Cixi had the chance to exploit the Boxer Rebellion (1900), a revolt against foreign influence.
The e-value is the number of hits with the same degree of similarity one would expect to find by chance if there were no true matches in the database.
i would rather opt for life in prison where at least there's a chance the person could uh either change or perhaps even
In the world of the tabloids, Clinton's exploits are just an appetizer for someone whose sex life they really care about: Titanic star DiCaprio, who has obviously chosen Clinton as a role model and who, at only 23, has a good chance of surpassing the president's accomplishments.
Despite its greatness, the museum came about somewhat by chance.
In impoverished areas, this can devastate a family's chances of economic survival.
bought a comforter and some pillows and some pillow cases i didn't receive everything but you know that's you sort of take that chance you buy something like that
There is a good chance that our 1990 12-year-old already had started to menstruate.
An indoor playground with games and slides for younger kids, Fundazzle, is located near the Workers’ Stadium on Gonrentiyucahng Lu, and a chance for children to learn such crafts as paper-making, embroidery, and pottery is provided by the Five Colours Earth Craft Center (10 Dongzhimen Nanlu, near Poly Plaza).
Generally less chance of temporal variations in waste properties.
it just kind of uh cloud we're supposed to to have a chance to get some rain the next couple of days here uh which will be you know a little bit more typical uh autumn weather
(Think of one person translating a sentence from English to Japanese and another translating it back into English; chances are slim that the sentence would end up in its original form.)
But the higher you go, the more chance you’ll have of sighting the rich fauna of the hill forests, from gregarious monkeys to red pandas.
After correcting for genes expected to be found in groups by chance, about 2,250 genes are identified in one of the three datasets at a p value of 10 -3and about 4,000 genes are identified at 10 -2.
um you should because you should be given another chance or at least
Not a chance.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow water work, giving you the chance to try out the basic techniques before you decide to do the full open water course.
Taking Long Island as a whole, the boundaries in breast cancer SMR are further away from boundaries in OPR than one would expect by chance (Figure 9, Table 4).
i try to um the newspaper comes uh in the morning and i leave for work at seven huh yeah yeah and i usually don't get a chance to sit down until after work
Morris' real focus, as he lets you know before you have a chance to ask, is the Higher Realms.
If we assume that all of these clusters were associated with the citywide disease outbreaks, then the method generated at most two false alarms at a signal threshold where we would have expected one by chance alone.
so we both have a secret background that says somehow or another we just knew we were piano players and never g ot a chance uh
Even if you can’t be there for an opera (opening with a gala to end all galas every sacrosanct December 7), attend a concert or dance performance there or at least visit the little museum (left of the theater), if only for a chance to see a strand of Mozart’s hair, Toscanini’s baton, or a peak into the sumptuous Neoclassical auditorium with its six tiers of balconies and galleries.
We calculated the optimal allocation of ARVs to available HCFs so that all infected individuals will have as close as possible to an equal chance of obtaining treatment.
i guess when she went uh was in the first grade brought home a note saying uh we're getting up a soccer team and we're getting a chance to play soccer
A Snowball's Chance
The museums, while being few in number, provide an excellent chance to gain insight into the path the country has taken, as well as offering a sense of the country’s culture and folklore.
“The probability of having a contaminant in our sample was one chance in a billion,” he calculates.
uh we haven't had a vacation in several years so so be our first chance in awhile in awhile uh
Without question, the primary allure of Las Vegas — despite the resorts, restaurants, showrooms, and shopping malls — is the fact that one can legally place bets on games of chance and sporting events.
The significance of the match between the T. acidophilum and the three pyrococcal ATPase inteins was assessed using PRSS at http://fasta.bioch.virginia.edu/fasta/prss.htm [ 29 ] . The P-value for this match, i.e. the probability of obtaining a match of this quality by chance alone, was calculated to be below 10 -10.
we will have a chance to make a real change
Suppose you want to know just how unpleasant it is to face a 1 percent chance of a $100,000 loss.
Malaysia’s well developed transportation infrastructure — both road and air — also offers the chance to step away from rigid planning if you desire to stay an extra day by the beach or want to do some more extensive shopping.
President Clinton relied on the advice of General Shelton, who informed him that without intelligence on Bin Ladin's location, a commando raid's chance of failure was high.
i would love for my girls to take piano lessons but we've been unemployed for a while so i haven't had a chance to do that so
If you prefer seeing the area from the air, albeit attached to a motorboat, then Paracraft offers you the chance to paraglide.
Olkin [ 14 ] has noted that the results of very large studies are usually published whereas the publication of small studies may depend on timing, with early small studies having a higher chance of publications than later small studies.
Here I had a chance to see the effects for myself.
Luxor temple does not have a sound and light show but it is open late each evening, offering you a chance to enjoy the majestic remains under floodlights, a very romantic sight to behold.
While there was probably never much chance of the pipeline actually being built, the Afghan desk hoped that the prospect of shared pipeline profits might lure faction leaders to a conference table.U.S.
One question: why does the NYT say she showed that the healers detected a human hand they couldn't see at a rate "no better than chance" would have predicted, when her results show they scored only 44 percent, which is 6 percent worse?
The Hubei Provincial Museum (Hubeisheng Bowuguan) owes its excellence to the chance discovery in 1978 of the tomb of the Marquis Yi of the State of Zeng.
Because HDL was negatively associated with diabetes, this decrease in HDL would further lower chances of CHD events by 3%-5%.
B. There's an 89-percent chance I won't give you anything for Christmas.
Sky Dive, Gran Canaria, offer the really adventurous the chance to skydive.
here's what you should do this is off the topic and these people probably won't did you go to Baylor by any chance
. Chance of removal from office: Zero.
If something is extremely cheap, chances are that it’s a clever imitation.
In research designs based on statistical inference, the criterion for establishing casuality is whether the findings are likely to have occurred by chance following appropriate comparisons to eliminate alternative interpretations.
or just even one guy just before you get a chance to uh
Could he, by the remotest chance, have been the inspiration for A Boy named Sue?
Some picnickers say they’re doing the animal a favor, giving it a chance of a better reincarnation.
The Gibbs sampling procedure revealed the presence of seven conserved motifs, with a probability of chance occurrence less than 10 -14, in the search space comprising of the 70 or so proteins that were identified in the above searches as having this domain.
that they uh it's i think the comparison is like baseball managers this year they seem to uh say two weeks in uh you've had your chance time to uh
Seems ol' Bill had a chance hook-up with her in D.C.'s posh Cosmos Club: "The dark-eyed young woman looked attractive in a simple short black dress and black stockings.
France seized the chance to install the young grandson of Louis XIV on the Spanish throne.
We predicted that bootstrapping [ 18 ] might improve mode estimates because of the smoothing effect of the resampling, emphasizing (by chance) different subpeaks and thus generating different modes centered around a single (overall) peak in the distribution.
um-hum well if you get a chance now there are some really nice camping areas uh up in the Wichitas which is in Oklahoma and uh Arkansas
There is a slim chance that this young woman is just not interested in you (with no consideration of nationality involved) and is trying to let you down gently.
During the American War of Independence, Jamaica came under threat again from other European powers, which saw Britain’s problem to the north as a chance to capture its colonies in the Caribbean.
There's no reason to have nothing to do when there's an endless amount of pro bono work out there and maybe you will get a chance to learn something that you wouldn't get a chance to otherwise."
Among the many cylinders evaluated, the one with the maximum GLR constitutes the space–time cluster of cases that is least likely to be a chance occurrence and, hence, is the primary candidate for a true outbreak.
Alternatively, a narrow window might discard too much data, increasing the chance for bias from nonrandom exclusion of subjects.
This was then converted to a Z-score, which is the number of standard deviations the raw score is from the mean of the normal distribution of scores that would occur by chance.
Such a filter is particularly appropriate for large datasets, as the chance of less-specific terms being retained by other filters increases with the number of genes analyzed.
The chance that more knowledge could lead to reduction of suffering, disability and economic cost offers compelling reasons for further investigation of this subject.
Next, we selected word pairs that displayed closer physical spacing in intergenic regions than expected by chance.
have a 1-in-16 chance of selection, and that chance would be equal among sites.
Sheehan was critical of Musharraf, telling us that the Pakistani leader "blew a chance to remake Pakistan."
With improved ability to reconstruct ancestral genomes, this group will provide an excellent opportunity to determine the role of chance and selection in the determination of genome content and in the evolution of gene regulatory systems.
As 1999 came to a close, the CIA had a new strategic plan in place for capturing Bin Ladin, but no option was rated as having more than a 15 percent chance of achieving that objective.
If one takes the set of regions for calling a combination positive that gives a good ROC curve in a random sample of data, it may give a poor ROC curve in another random sample of the data, simply due to selecting chance patterns in the first sample.
This modification was made to keep the data presented consistent with data presented in the other graphical formats since survival was not presented in the other graphs (the chance of not developing a disease is the closest equivalent to survival, which is the chance of not dying).
Overfitting of a larger number of markers to a relatively small number of subjects produces a model that is overly sensitive to chance fluctuations in the data.
The use of this robotic transfer reduced the chance for human error, increased the rate of transfer (thus reducing the exposure of the products to desiccation), and increased the reproducibility of the transfer.
The fragment lengths from single clone analyses that by chance contained cDNAs from the same gene reproduced very accurately.
In other words, we sum the chances of all events that are no more likely than that of the observation.
The finding of two cases of cancer among the controls may be due to chance.
They may be deterred by a significant chance of failure.
The genome-wide probability of achieving a linkage of this strength by chance is <0.
Counterterrorist Center officers briefed Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI Director Louis Freeh, telling them that the operation had about a 30 percent chance of success.
To reduce the chances of a similar incident, the awareness manager concurrently (1) coordinated the development of a policy describing organizational data classification standards and (2) developed a brochure and guidelines to publicize the new standards and educate employees on their implementation.
This occurred by chance rather than design.
A 50% decrease in p53 monomers can easily be imagined to result in a greater than 50% decrease in functional tetramers, which in turn increases the chances of these cells becoming cancerous.
5; a gene with a 50% chance of being divergent or present is assigned a value of 0; a gene with a 100% chance of being present is assigned 0.5.
The chance of observing r replacement mutations is given by the binomial distribution, , where n is the number of codons providing data for this position.
Each of these checkpoints or portals is a screening-a chance to establish that people are who they say they are and are seeking access for their stated purpose, to intercept identifiable suspects, and to take effective action.
Next, a permutation test was used to select word pairs whose physical proximity was closer than that expected by chance.
This algorithm offers a chance to correct non-linearity in the chip system to a certain extent.
For female colorectal cancer SMR we found overlap avoidance: boundaries in female colorectal cancer incidence are further from boundaries in colorectal OPR than is expected by chance (Table 2).
Thus, the final gene inventory might depend in part on chance combinations of gene order and deletions occurring early in the process of genome reduction.
Kay Loughrey, a program information specialist with the aging administration, said grant applications were ranked a second time after the judges got a chance to review the letters. "
Using the estimated parameters from the logistic regression (Table 5), the effect of this decrease would be to lower the chances of CHD events by between 14%-39%.
LSC and LSNJ, on the other hand, say Passaic Legal Aid voluntarily sacrificed its chance for federal funding.
Replying to a frustrated colleague in the field, the Bin Ladin unit chief wrote:"having a chance to get [Bin Ladin] three times in 36 hours and foregoing the chance each time has made me a bit angry.
With few exceptions, acquired small focal metaplasias and hyperplasias have a very low chance of progression to cancer, and have been excluded from the classification schema because they rarely result in cancer without first growing into diffuse lesions (the class 4 lesions) or acquiring nuclear atypia (class 1 lesions).
We found that for each ten-year increment in age, the chances of having BCS increased by 1%.
The most a clinician can do is to manage the complications of ARF and limit further renal insult so as to assure the best chance of renal recovery.
Differentially expressed genes will be defined herein as gene data determined to be statistical outliers from some standard state, and which can not be ascribed to chance or natural variabilty.
We establish an equity objective function to determine the optimal equitable allocation of ARVs to each HCF so that all individuals with HIV have an equal chance of receiving treatment.
This is the approach taken in [ 24 25 ] , and it has lately been extended to modeling the joint distribution of the longitudinal and time-to-event data (ie, time to withdrawal) [ 26 27 ] . In this setting, we would compare the treatment groups with two aspects simultaneously: (a) the chance (or duration) of complying with the prescribed protocol and, (b) the outcome measure (eg, mean change in systolic blood pressure) given the pattern of compliance.
First, it should provide an estimate of the confidence that the gene-expression pattern observed would occur by chance, that is, a p -value.
Thus the statistics can be interpreted to identify statistical evidence of boundary cohesiveness (longer boundaries than expected by chance high Lmean and Lmax and low Ns) or fragmentation (shorter boundaries than expected by chance low Lmean and Lmax and low Ns - P↑).
Reflect also on 5-year-old Seth Jackson-Mack's chances to live an ordinary life.
Even with these relatively conservative estimates of uncertainty, chances are about half that the real total is outside the range of 50 million to 100 million.
The kappa statistic is a chance corrected measure of agreement, that is the calculation of the statistic takes into account the marginal distributions.
Because diabetic subjects had approximately a 3-fold greater chance of CHD events, the 12% reduction in BMI was likely to lead to a 10% decline in CHD events.
The more positive the Z value, the less likely it is that the alignment occured by chance and that the two protein families are not related.
5 being equivalent to chance and 1.0 equivalent to 100% agreement).
4%), while the 80% in (c) is an estimate of the chance of effective control of BP without side effects with the study therapies at Month 6, under an assumption of 'no information available for the missing data'.
Single nucleotide discrimination is achieved at the ligation step by the use of the thermostable DNA ligase, Ampligase, which has a high affinity for a perfectly matched substrate at the 3' end of a DNA molecule [ 17 ] . We were able to enhance allele discrimination at the ligation step by designing the OCP such that the 5' complementary region is firmly hybridized to the target sequence whereas the 3' region is in equilibrium with its target at the ligation temperature [ 12 ] . This would result in increased specificity since the correctly matched OCP will have a greater chance to act as substrate for the ligase.
The agreement between the Framingham estimates and physicians' estimates were only moderately better than chance for 5 of the 6 physicians.
Though researchers still do not know whether SIRT-1, or “Sir-2 in humans,” as Sinclair puts it, has anything to do with longevity, there is a good chance that it does, judging by its pedigree.
Consequently, there is a good chance that this sequence contributes significantly to whatever role region 16 plays in enhancer function.
Also, there is less chance of detecting slugs of toxic wastes, or other temporal variations in waste properties.
The higher the chi-square and the lower the p value, the less likely the observed degree of correlation occurred by chance, which implies that the observed relationship is biologically significant.
Thus it is extremely unlikely that a false positive would occur by chance alone in a 15,154 member test set.
For 237 random predictions one expects 2% or five genes to be patterned, and the probability to get 21 or more genes (see additional File 3) by chance (p-value) is ~10 -10.
In the former, positive studies have better chance of getting published, while negative studies have a higher chance of being rejected.
31Steven F. Venti and David A. Wise, "Choice, Chance, and Wealth Dispersion at Retirement," Working Paper No.
When no presence / absence filter was applied (12533 probe sets included in the analysis), the estimated false detection rate (ratio method) increased from 37% to 73% because there were fewer differences (at P < 0.01) among the "absent" mRNAs than expected by chance (48 observed vs. 79 expected by chance).
On giving the Taliban a chance, see Marvin Weinbaum interview (Aug.
Three types of evidence are cited to support the idea that mental exercise can improve one's chances of escaping Alzheimer disease.
Sultan and colleagues speculate that the drying effects of the wind on the mucous membranes could increase the chances of the organism getting established in the human host.
We then identified 404 unique transcripts (represented by 487 total cDNAs) with significant differences in expression levels between normal and AIS genital fibroblasts using the significance analysis of microarrays (SAM)-procedure [ 6 ] , with a false discovery rate of less than 0.92% (percent of genes identified by chance alone).
But does RNAi have a better chance to succeed as a drug than antisense or ribozymes?
We have chosen defining sets that contain the shortest informative protein sequence in order to maximize the chance of producing single-domain profile objects.
Generally, northern selections have the greatest chance of maintaining stands when compared to southern-selected cultivars [ 1 ] . However, this distinction among cultivars happens only when plants receive adequate cold induction.
Geveden agrees that the bill's chances for passage "are pretty reasonable."
Both the mean and maximum boundary length were longer, on average, than expected by chance (Lmean P↑ = 0.004; Lmax P↑ = 0.004).
In particular, the most common and destructive pathogens faced by humans and other mammals are RNA viruses, such as influenza A, yellow fever, and hepatitis C. In most cases, our ability to survive these viral infections is simply a combination of good luck and good breeding; with the right combination of MHC alleles, itself a function of population history and what we by chance inherit from our parents, some individuals may be more able to fight off viral infections than others.
Previous authors have noted that there is an assumption by the public and the medical profession that the "end of life" is discernible [ 1 ] . Results from the SUPPORT study, however, suggest that our ability to detect the end of life is limited: the median predicted chance for two-month survival was no better than '50-50' just one week before death.
From the field, the CIA's Gary Schroen advised:"Hit him tonight-we may not get another chance."
A search for conserved motifs using the Gibbs sampling procedure resulted in the detection of three conserved motifs with a probability of chance occurrence < 10 -12in the search space comprising these proteins.
In the event that Bin Ladin traveled to the Kandahar region in southern Afghanistan, the tribal network there was unlikely to attack a heavily guarded Bin Ladin; the Counterterrorist Center rated the chance of success at less than 10 percent.
In more conservative analyses (requiring an uncorrected p value of 10 -4), where we expect to observe only one group by chance, in fact we observed 124 groups (Table 1).
Therefore, increasing the number of HCFs available for an ARV rollout is effective in significantly increasing equality in treatment accessibility as shown in Figure 4. Furthermore, if catchment regions actually have a radius of 60 km, or can be increased to this size through improvements in transportation, this would enable access to HCFs for almost all people in the province, as shown in Figure 4. The actual HCF allocations determined by our model and optimization for the cases of 17, 27, and 54 HCFs (and for all catchment sizes we consider) are presented as pie charts in Figure 5. It is clear from our analysis that the equality criterion, such that each individual with HIV in KwaZulu–Natal has an equal chance of receiving ARVs, can best be satisfied by utilizing all 54 HCFs for ARV distribution and ensuring that each HCF serves a catchment region of 40 to 60 km.
Over 100 genes with p-values less than 0.02 were identified; however, because there are over 12,000 transcripts measured on the U95A arrays, some of the genes would potentially be identified by chance.
Some of the binding-site occurrences shown in Figure 6are likely to have occurred by chance (especially for sequences that are common in the genome, such as the Hap2/3/4p-, Mig1p-, and Msn2/Msn4p-binding sites).
"That person will come back to you when they have a personal injury case, or some other case that has the chance of substantial economic gain," he said. "
It is noteworthy that the model for the likelihood of over-determination is the null-model, e.g. the comparison of actual sequences is evaluated against the hypothesis that the similarity observed happened by chance alone.
The number of differentially regulated genes identified by these criteria, 49 with increased and 21 with decreased expression, is significantly higher than expected by random chance, but it is much lower than one would expect if MeCP2 had a crucial role as transcriptional repressor of all genes with methylated promoters.
If we use P < 0.01 to define a significant difference, we should expect ~46 chance differences (0.
However, control limits of ± 2S will be exceeded 5% of the time by chance alone, regardless of how well a laboratory performs.
The peak of nine-nucleotide TSDs, the minimum TSD length allowed by TSDfinder, is likely to be enriched in false positives because they have a relatively low average TSD score of 98; there is obviously a higher likelihood of finding these shorter matches by chance.
Points above the upper limit line show more variation between the phylogenetic partitions (that is, longer bA) than expected by chance, and points below the lower limit line show more variation within one partition (that is, longer bB and/or bC) than expected.
The finding is not likely to be a chance happenstance for the following reason.
It thresholds the T-statistics to provide a 'significant' gene list and provides an estimate of the false discovery rate (the percent of genes identified by chance alone) from randomly permuted data.
There's no reason to have nothing to do when there's an endless amount of pro bono work out there and maybe you will get a chance to learn something that you wouldn't get a chance to otherwise."
“There's a very good chance that the first drug is unlikely to be…nicotine itself, but will take advantage of nicotinic receptors in the therapy,” he says.
This method essentially searches for areas of the genome that are shared less often than one would expect by chance.
In total, these results indicate boundaries that are significantly longer and more cohesive than is expected by chance, and suggests that spatial variation in OPR for colorectal cancer occurs on relatively large spatial scales.
Both studies had approximately an 80% chance of detecting a 20% absolute difference between the intervention and control groups [ 11 ] .
We sought to measure the magnitude of this effect by identifying all groups of physically adjacent genes that showed pair-wise correlations between their expression profiles that were higher than expected by chance.
This could be a chance event, or may result from selection for certain X-linked alleles during embryonic development, as has been described in carriers of X-linked immunodeficiencies [ 17].
To reduce the chances of a similar incident, the awareness manager concurrently (1) coordinated the development of a policy describing organizational data classification standards and (2) developed a brochure and guidelines to publicize the new standards and educate employees on their implementation.
Thus, gene groups that contained co-conserved and spatially close word pairs are more significantly associated with gene-expression changes than expected by chance.
By contrast, the significance of BMI in the model for diabetes showed that, irrespective of height, being over-weight increased the chances of diabetes.
With each duplication, some genes increase their presence in the genome, enhancing their chance of further duplication.
Through permutation testing,we determined an empirical cutoff for the cross-validation consistencythat would not be expected by chance.
Also, there is less chance of detecting slugs of toxic wastes, or other temporal variations in waste properties.
Extreme positive scores suggest GO terms with the greatest confidence that the correlation between the expression changes of the genes in this grouping are not occurring by chance alone.
While boundaries in male lung cancer incidence are significantly near boundaries in OPR, the boundaries in OPR are significantly farther from boundaries in male lung cancer incidence than is expected by chance (Oh P↑ = 0.009).
However, control limits of ± 2S will be exceeded 5% of the time by chance alone, regardless of how well a laboratory performs.
Consequently, patients at high risk for developing neutropenia will have a greater chance of receiving full-dose chemotherapy on time and avoiding febrile neutropenia.
Despite growing concerns, U.S. diplomats were willing at the time, as one official said, to "give the Taliban a chance."
4%) increase in first-ever or recurrent strokes may be due to chance, but it is probably due to the population gain (262,803,000 in 1995 versus 265,229,000 in 1996, a 0.9% increase), and the increase in aging (≥ 65 years old) population from 1995 to 1996 (33,619,000 in 1995 versus 33,957,000 in 1996, a 1.0% increase).
These companies employed below-average numbers of women and minorities for 10 years and their hiring of women or minorities was so far below the averages that there was only one chance in a hundred that the discrimination occurred randomly.
One way to do this is to delay publication until such a time when the chances that a conclusion is true are sufficiently high.
Thus, it is highly unlikely that either data normalization or a chance distribution could have accounted for the highly significant p-values noted in the M/Z region less than 500.
The observed association of highly conserved rRNA and group I intron sites is, therefore, unlikely to have occurred by chance alone.
Mutations in MYOC have been shown to be causative for primary open angle glaucoma (POAG) [ 1 2 3 ] . Glucocorticoids have been implicated in ocular hypertension and glaucoma due to increased plasma cortisol levels [ 4 5 ] and altered cortisol metabolism [ 6 7 ] in POAG patients and from the increased risk of developing POAG in steroid-responsive patients [ 8 9 ] . Myocilin has been shown to be upregulated in glucocorticoid-treated human trabecular meshwork (TM) cells [ 10 11 ] , and there is variable evidence for increased MYOC expression in glaucomatous individuals [ 12 13 14 ] . In addition, glaucoma patients have a higher chance of responding to steroids than non-glaucomatous individuals.
Progress on these research fronts will improve our chances of understanding and controlling infections caused by M. paratuberculosis and related pathogens.
Writing to Rumsfeld on September 17 in a memo headlined "Preventing More Events,"he argued that if there was even a 10 percent chance that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9/11 attack, maximum priority should be placed on eliminating that threat.
By comparison, 46 genes (over four times the 10 expected by chance) were common to the 223 genes upregulated in A549 cultures and the 256 genes upregulated in U118 cultures over tumors ( p < 0.01, fold change > 2).
When no presence / absence filter was applied (12533 probe sets included in the analysis), the estimated false detection rate (ratio method) increased from 37% to 73% because there were fewer differences (at P < 0.01) among the "absent" mRNAs than expected by chance (48 observed vs. 79 expected by chance).
For each one-centimeter increase in tumor size, there was a 3% lesser chance of undergoing BCS.
As predicted, using the 3' conserved region for trimming and matching from the 3' end resulted in quicker FastGroup analysis (Table 2), presumably because the conserved region increases the chance that a window will be quickly found.
Of the nineteen proteins we have included in our depiction of the pheromone response network, eighteen are annotated as playing a role in the fungal cell differentiation by MIPS [ 10 ] . The probability that this selection would have occurred by chance was calculated with the hypergeometric distribution was found to be P = 5 × 10 -24.
Alternatively, in the above setting the chance that at least one of the 15,154 measurements would have a p-value less than 10 -6is approximately 1.5%.
These apparent discrepancies by menopausal status, although they may be due to chance, could reflect differences in the nature of premenopausal and post-menopausal breast cancer etiology, particularly in relation to steroid hormones.
Norm Scharf lured me to Florida with promises of sunshine, warm temperatures and the chance to follow Gene Del Polito on a panel.
Concerns that Binalshibh intended to immigrate to the United States doomed his chances to participate firsthand in the 9/11 attacks.
An indirect approach to conservation is like taking the circuitous route, he says, and the chances are that you will run out of fuel.
For these reasons, commercial companies have strong incentives to capture product knowledge early in the process to assess the chances of making the business case and the need for further investments.
Nevertheless, Zinni told us that Musharraf was someone who would actually work with the United States if he was given the chance to do so.
An ideal benefits estimate of mortality risk reduction would reflect these human characteristics, in addition to an individual's willingness to pay (WTP) to improve one's own chances of survival plus WTP to improve other individuals' survival rates.
Second, modest chemistry and biology experiments will be needed to increase the chances for success.
The boundaries in breast cancer OPR are significant and cohesive, being longer and having fewer singleton boundaries than expected by chance (Table 1).
For example, even if gene expression measurements follow a perfect normal distribution, the chance that a measurement falls beyond one standard deviation from the mean on either side is as large as 32%.
SAM lists genes for which d exceeds (by an adjustable threshold termed Δ) the value that would be expected by chance (d e ). Values of d e are generated by computing the d distribution numerous times with random permutations of the group assignments (we instructed SAM to perform 100 permutations).
CIA saw a 95 percent chance of Special Operations Command forces capturing Bin Ladin if deployed-but less than a 5 percent chance of such a deployment.
Moreover, if we do not randomly assign patients to either the experimental or control groups, then we again run the risk of researcher bias affecting the outcome, e.g., by selecting patients for the experimental group who have the best chance of improvement.
Walking, self-assembly motions, and supercoiling now dominate movements leading to chance contacts.
Therefore, genes whose TCRs contained any word pair within this group probably contained a conserved Cbf1p-binding site, along with a conserved Met31/32p-binding site, and the distances between the conserved sites in these genes were also smaller than expected by chance.
A probability sample is one in which all members of the population have a known and equal chance of being selected.
They then did a neighbor analysis to identify 1100 genes occurring above chance levels which related to the AML/ALL distinction.
Leroi, an evolutionary biologist at Imperial College of Science, Technology, and Medicine in London, offers an optimistic appraisal of the chances of finding a cure for ageing in his new book about the effects of genetic variety on the human body.
CIA saw a 95 percent chance of Special Operations Command forces capturing Bin Ladin if deployed-but less than a 5 percent chance of such a deployment.
The GCS was developed as a means for grading patients with traumatic brain injury and for predicting their chances of neurological recovery.
Very short CSEs overlap each other more frequently in the human or mouse genomes than long CSEs because they are more likely to happen by chance.
There has not yet been a chance to make many replacements.
Thus, the longer the longer the follow-up period (up to some point) the less chance for bias due to excluding long-term effects of screening.
In determining whether or not a reference toxicant test result falls "well" outside the expected range, the result also may be compared with upper and lower bounds for ±3S, as any result outside these control limits would be expected to occur by chance only 1 out of 100 tests (Environment Canada, 1990).
Thus, if distantly related species fit the response curves predicted by the model, we can conclude either that forces at the nucleotide level drive codon and amino-acid usage, and there is nothing special about certain codons or amino acids, or that there is a unique spectrum of preferred codon and amino-acid usages that applies to all species, extends over a huge range of compositions, and happens to match the predictions of the model by chance.
According to Binalshibh, a chance meeting on a train in Germany caused the group to travel to Afghanistan instead.
These ‘large steps’ imply that genome reduction involved some random chance (due to the location of genes in the ancestral chromosome) and selection acting on the combined fitness of large sets of genes, rather than the fitness of individual loci.
Finally, the log-odds of occurrence of a specific residue is obtained from the logarithm of the sum of real and pseudo-counts divided by the background frequency that would occur in a random sequence by chance.
In the former, positive studies have better chance of getting published, while negative studies have a higher chance of being rejected.
For example if the screening test were based on a sampling of cells, the screening test may, by chance, not include any of the tumor cells.
The coefficient of the variable for diabetes was positive and was a statistically significant predictor of CHD events; subjects with diabetes in Exam 1 had between 70%-534% higher chances of a CHD event.
Since this might have everything to do what the participants' chance to socialize with friends in a nonthreatening environment and nothing to do with self-esteem or work habits, it seemed to these researchers that it was therefore logical not to decide on the evaluation questions until their appropriateness could be determined.
This modification was made to keep the data presented consistent with data presented in the other graphical formats since survival was not presented in the other graphs (the chance of not developing a disease is the closest equivalent to survival, which is the chance of not dying).
The association we observed with chlamydia is probably a marker of sexual behavior rather than a causal factor; for example, women who reported a history of chlamydia were more likely to douche and to report engaging in oral sex, although it is possible that chlamydia carriage adversely affects the vaginal flora increasing the chance of Candida colonization.
These results indicated that diameter of coronary arteries was likely to be influenced by height and hence taller subjects had lower chances of CHD events.
This observed distribution of rRNA introns among the available insertion positions is extremely unlikely to occur by chance.
It is felt that dogs bitten on the head have a better chance of survival since there is less vascular absorption of the venom.
The argument for hitting al Shifa was that it would lessen the chance of Bin Ladin's having nerve gas for a later attack.
The survival curve was atypical in that its y-axis presented a patient's chance of not developing a disease instead of the more standard "chance of survival".
However, if a gene is predicted to have a 50% chance of being present, the question arises as to how it should be assigned.
Battered Afghanistan has a chance.
White's impression from the New York briefing was that the chances of capturing Bin Ladin alive were nil.
MicroSAGE libraries generated from freshly dissected peripheral retina from similarly aged adult male humans gave a correlation coefficient of 0.673 when all tags were considered, a substantial difference between observed and chance p -values of variance between the samples (Figure 4), and many tags lie outside the confidence band plotted for comparisons of libraries made from identical starting material (Figure 5d).
The chances of detecting a spike in toxicity would depend on the frequency of sampling and the probability of missing a spike is high.
This reflects the fact that in this region genes have a very low (close to 0%) chance of being present.
Disagreement remains in the literature on the direction and magnitude of effect, if any, of oral contraceptives on breast cancer risk [ 12 16 24 ] . Despite large studies designed to address such differences, chance, selection factors, changes in formulations, patterns of use, and different background risk for breast cancer might account for some of the variation in findings.
First an envoy would give the Taliban a last chance.
Though the 80-residue cutoff may not apply to a small portion (around 5%) of integral membrane proteins, it diminished the chance of including soluble domains within membrane domains, given that the average soluble domain has about 170 residues [ 17].
To maximize the chances of finding all existing exons total RNA extracted from 10 days old larvae was used as the template.
A more variable sequence surrounding the integration point would restrict homing to members of the same species, and would thus lower the chances for long term survival of the intein.
(By that, Schroen explained, he meant that the chance of capturing or killing Bin Ladin was about 40 percent.)
The finding of a QuartOP in a mitochondrial genome quartet that supports a non-traditional grouping could either reflect a rare recombination event, selection pressures that led to convergent evolution in two lineages, or a chance event - if one looks at enough samples one will find some that (considered by themselves) appear significant.
If we treat gene duplication as a stochastic process, the chance of a given gene being duplicated is proportional to its occurrence in the genome.
An alternative is to replace the list of the total set of genes on the microarray with a list of the total set of genes in the genome (or a representative sample), but that approach introduces another source of bias: genes not on the microarray are counted in determining N and n but have no chance to be flagged.
But if it's that simple, why are governments, non-governmental organisations, private bodies, and international organisations not jumping at the chance to experiment with this approach?
According to a 1999 opinion survey, low and moderate income Americans mistakenly believe they have a better chance of accumulating $500,000 through winning the lottery than through saving and investing a portion of their income.
The present sample, which spans a wide range of G+C proportion, is hoped diverse enough that any consistent trends and features in the statistical picture it produces cannot be easily attributed to chance.
Finally, in the L1 sequence minus the 5' UTR, the length of the longest internal A-tract (seven nucleotides) is shorter than would be expected by random chance.
I wanted to be there ...I had my second chance to change my life."
A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp living, dedicated staff and instruction, and a chance to make special friends.
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams.
Here was a chance to quantify such things.
In many other places, the ancient sites lay buried—and still do—beneath modern cities: modern property owners quite understandably take a dim view of tearing down their buildings on the off chance that the remnants of an ancient town will be found several yards below.
There's, there's so many things that you never get the chance to see anywhere else, but you can see it all just walking around.
Acute pain has been studied in single dose designs first proposed by Beecher and colleagues [ 1 2 ] and formalized by Houde and Wallenstein [ 3 ] . The problem with single trials is that while they can demonstrate statistical superiority of analgesic over placebo, variation because of random chance means that, if small, they provide a poor estimate of the size of the analgesic effect [ 4 ] . Combining results from clinically homogeneous trials in a meta-analysis gives an accurate estimate of the extent of the analgesic effect when sufficient numbers of patients have been randomized [ 4 5 ] .
When asked to compare opportunities received in their Girl Scout activities versus those in their schools, Girl Scouts at all age levels responded that troop activities offered them significantly more chances to achieve positive, pro-social outcomes.
yeah that's a good question i believe from what i remember of the literature they gave uh if you fail i believe they give you one more chance they probably give you a chance to explain yourself
The governor of New Orleans, 23-year-old Don Bernardo de Gálvez, seized the chance to help the colonists in their struggle against George III, and led raiding parties that kept the British outposts along the Mississippi on the defensive.
You should really give everybody a chance.
The plan had now been modified so that the tribals would keep Bin Ladin in a hiding place for up to a month before turning him over to the United States-thereby increasing the chances of keeping the U.S. hand out of sight."
Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think, so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better?
The least innovative apparel suppliers are seeing their chances for survival dwindle every year.
A great exhibition was a chance to dazzle with what it could make and build, beginning with the glass and iron Crystal Palace itself, a marvel of early Victorian engineering.
yeah well i haven't get a chance i haven't got a chance to look at them yet
Trips along the coast in colorful caïques offer the chance to enjoy a cooling breeze and an alternative view of the island.
And every year she comes out at night and asks people for rides home because she never get, she never got a chance to go visit her, her parents.
Gene delivery may offer the greatest chance of early success.
Mom was too old to try to do it, so I give them that chance.
By 1971 I had asked and found a preliminary answer to the following question: In a complex mixture of diVerent proteins, where the proteins might be able to serve as candidates to ligate one another into still larger amino acid sequences, what are the chances that such a system will contain one or more collectively autocatalytic sets of molecules?
I assume you leave the house when you conduct these little trials, but there is always the chance that someone else may have lingered.
well i'd i now i have a problem with this too i think our courts have too many opportunities for them to go back and get one more chance
Most of the gambling in Las Vegas is concentrated along the Strip, where nearly twenty major casinos in excess of 100,000 sq ft (9300 sq m) beckon passers-by to lighten their pockets a little and take the chance that they may be among the few who will win the “Big One. ”
The lake path makes a delightful two-hour ramble through woodland, giving you a good chance of spotting some of the park’s small wildlife, notably some very chubby brown porcupine and an occasional beaver.
So anyway I got, I got a chance to take a look at Mr. Speckman and, um, he looked just like Michaela had described, so through the whole thing I kind of did an analysis of, you know, do I or do I not want to meet Mr. Speckman?
The traditional celebrations of rural life and the village sports days still give all members of local communities the chance to put their skills to the test and to enjoy each other’s company.
And the answer to a lot of those people was not a chance in hell.
Fiestas and folklore exhibitions are still the tourist’s best chance of seeing la lucha.
Which they would go out into the bars, I think they called it in Manila, and on the weekend I spent one weekend there I had a chance to taste the foods, uh, to sleep under the uh, net, see little bit of a cock fight.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work, which will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques.
So we took a chance on it and started following the billboards.
Travelers with more time can venture deeper into the wilderness grasslands, where there is a better chance of sleeping in a real yurt, not one specially furnished for foreign visitors.
Um, so even though it was kind of a scary experience being uprooted from everything you knew, um, it gave me the chance to see that change is good and that, um, seeing a different part of, you know, just different parts of the same town, it's still very beneficial because it gave me the chance to realize how to adapt to different situations, into a different environment, relatively quickly.
Since the distribution system is unpredictable, old China hands say you shouldn’t take a chance: if you find something you like, buy it, for it might not be on sale anywhere else.
Um, so even though it was kind of a scary experience being uprooted from everything you knew, um, it gave me the chance to see that change is good and that, um, seeing a different part of, you know, just different parts of the same town, it's still very beneficial because it gave me the chance to realize how to adapt to different situations, into a different environment, relatively quickly.
The bargains or at least more authentic and tasteful products are to be found far from these main tourist centers, in artisans’ workshops on the Giudecca, in the Dorsoduro behind the Zattere — to be hunted down or stumbled upon by chance.
I wouldn't trade that experience for the world because there are too many people that I know who are very sheltered from not only new experiences, from like new ideas and new situations, and so I think it's kind of a blessing that I had the chance to go through this in the kind of, um, be the new kid and see what it was like to be the outsider and to not be in the in crowd, you know.
If your desire is to escape the coastal heat, highland retreats will refresh and invigorate, offering a chance to enjoy what was once the exclusive domain of colonial administrators.
So, I know if we do have a little boy, even a little girl, I know there might be a good chance of being some good athletes in the family.
Kildare put his arm through the hole, thus giving rise to the common expression “to chance your arm. ”
I've always had, had an interest in history, so it was a chance to learn more about people.
At the Artis complex there is the chance to explore the aquarium, zoo, and planetarium.
Their home is now the apron-staged Festival Theatre, while the Avon Theatre and Third Stage put on alternative fare, offering jazz and chamber-music concerts as well as a chance to discover Canadian playwrights.
i've had a chance to
What she did get was a chance to rally and embolden the men and women inside the New Deal who shared her belief that its benefits ought to extend to everyone, including "negroes," and to give some lasting symbolic weight to the civil rights movement.
Thus the statistics can be interpreted to identify statistical evidence of boundary cohesiveness (longer boundaries than expected by chance high Lmean and Lmax and low Ns) or fragmentation (shorter boundaries than expected by chance low Lmean and Lmax and low Ns - P↑).
The museum also has a Kindermuseum (Children’s Museum) offering 6–12 year olds a chance to explore the collection and interact with the exhibits.
but uh otherwise you know we uh with you know PBS and so forth and i i particularly enjoy i don't know whether you've whether you had a chance to watch it on PBS but uh
Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen admonished critics, "It is an active family, an achieving family, and so its members have taken some chances."
Specifically, we determine the optimal allocation strategy that would ensure that each individual with HIV has an equal chance of receiving ARVs.
The building has a light and spacious modern design, offering the chance to wander easily among the exhibits.
it turned out real well because the children then had a swimming pool and what have you and it gave us a chance
Here's a chance to remember what real high crimes and misdemeanors are all about.
These results indicate boundaries that are significantly longer and more cohesive than is expected by chance.
We have the chance to shape the future of IUPUI by what we choose to do here.
Tourists are then offered the chance to ride camels (stepladders are provided for mounting these mild-mannered animals) and ponies.
really they they gave him every chance possible with him
The classic example of moral hazard comes from insurance: Because you have it, you feel protected against your own mistakes and behave in a riskier manner, increasing the chances that you will suffer a loss.
Also, there is less chance of detecting slugs of toxic wastes, or other temporal variations in waste properties.
The main highlight of a stay at one of these special temples is the chance to sample the luxurious Buddhist vegetarian temple cuisine (shojin-ryori) served only in such lodgings.
i think it's the second shot or the third shot the bullet's in there but i mean he'll give them two chances
6. U.N. human rights envoy Thomas Hammarberg (I'm not sure what he weighs) feels Cambodia could be using recent political stability as a chance to make progress on human rights.
Meanwhile, a European with an eye for chance had ingratiated his way into the French court at Versailles.
"This is an effort to do something about that, while giving older, retired lawyers a chance to stay active," he said. "
if i'm around during the daytime and have a chance i'll switch on CNN
Chances are I attacked the other books too.
In Melaka, observe the way of life of the Babas, the oldest Chinese community, and its more modern manifestation in Penang — or indeed elsewhere, as Chinatowns throughout Malaysia offer chances to explore, browse, or buy.
Consequently, many desperately ill patients are admitted to the ICU with very high severity of illness and no meaningful chance of survival.
not careful not to mention finding the time to read them it's even hard for me i'd i have mail buckets full of magazines i haven't had a chance to look at yet
Then, if New York's Republican Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, deprived of the chance to beat Hillary himself, opts out of the race, it would leave you with a clear shot at the U.S.
Night dives are particularly exciting, offering a chance to discover the thriving nocturnal habitat of Los Arcos, the imposing rock formation that juts out of the southern shore of the bay.
If the authors really intended to estimate the chance for patients to have effective control of BP with no side effects with the study therapies at Month 6 ('responders' in brief), then we need to do more work.
but i see i i see so much going on that that's bad and this would give them a chance to have some positive self esteem something that they turn back
A Gallup poll in Israel last weekend gave Netanyahu a 56 percent chance of victory.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work, which will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques.
In reality the high average is more likely the result of chance factors that coincided with left handed pitchers at ballpark X during that particular month.
um not tons but i like to when i get a chance i've only been once so far but had the opportunity a couple times since then
The bald, curdle-faced pinky-sucker is still locked in excruciating combat with his teen-aged son, Scott Evil (Seth Green), who never misses a chance to jeer at his father's grandiosity, and who in turn is dismissed as "quasievil ...
But the southwest’s growing need for water, combined with Las Vegas’s fortuitous proximity to the Colorado River, would give Las Vegas a second chance to achieve prosperity.
It is formally possible that the presence of the Antonia LTR within the Cht3 intron was the result of a chance fixation event prior to the expansion of D. melanogaster around the world.
so uh yeah you guys uh do you get much of a chance to hunt or anything or
They treat games of chance as exactly that--games.
Children especially enjoy having a chance to feed the animals.
Replying to a frustrated colleague in the field, the Bin Ladin unit chief wrote:"having a chance to get [Bin Ladin] three times in 36 hours and foregoing the chance each time has made me a bit angry.
it doesn't seem seem like it's useful for him to uh doesn't it seem like a waste of money though for him to come back into the race this late uh what are his chances of winning at this point
On the positive side, most say the acting is great, and though the film "doesn't take enormous chances," it is nevertheless "extremely satisfying" (Denby, The New Yorker ).  Slate 's Edelstein is more positive than most, praising the "deliciously resonant dual setting: a Catskills summer community to which middle-class Jews from the city migrate to swim and eat and play mah-jongg, and the gathering hippies at nearby Woodstock."
But its monuments and parks are well worth visiting, not least for the chance to mingle with the Cantonese people themselves.
Given that current rates are unlikely to remain constant over an extended period of time, and that persons are more likely interested in their chance of developing the cancer from their current ages onward, short-term, age-conditional probability estimates are perhaps more relevant [ 10 ] . Both types of probability estimates are reported in this paper.
yeah my family uh didn't like Texas and i had a chance to uh transfer up TI bought a company about seven months after i moved to Texas right here in Hunt Valley
Prudie thinks there's a slim chance that you are your own friend, if you get my drift.
If you can afford the “bullet train” just once, this is your chance, as — in one exhilarating sweep — you pass through almost all the major cities of Central and Western Honshu on the way.
Findings from the accumulated literature appear to be more than chance yet sufficiently variable as to render “hard” replication elusive.
and uh so then when i you know i finally get a chance to go out with my husband it's like a real chore to find something nice to wear
My own feeling is that the film deserves its chance to develop in the minds of its viewers before being defined in a tidal wave of buzz.
These agricultural shows offer families the opportunity to get together and have fun, and they offer visitors a rare chance to chat with the local farming community.
5 crx +/+mRNA samples (that is, the RNA sample was divided into two tubes at the onset of the reverse-transcription step) showed a correlation coefficient of 0.939, showed very little difference between observed and chance cumulative p -values of variance (Figure 4), and showed little difference between abundant tags (Figure 5c).
what are the chances for scholarships
Unfortunately, the new company will be called Earthlink , robbing us of the chance to have a firm called Mindearthspringlink, which would have been cool."
Nichols House (55 Mount Vernon Street; Tel. 227-6993, open for guided tours May–October Tuesday–Saturday, noon–5pm; February–April and November–December Monday, Wednesday, and Friday noon–5pm), offers a chance to view the interior of a residence attributed to Bulfinch.
Moreover, in a strict analysis of divergent genes, one would want to exclude even genes with a 10% chance of being present from the divergent category.
yeah i haven't even had a chance i've only had it for about three months i haven't had a chance to take it out on the road
Oddly, the Newt Gingrich-led sallies against public broadcasting, which consume many pages of Made Possible By , have only enhanced its chances of survival.
Some experts say there’s a greater chance of a making a catch in the cooler days of spring and autumn, and in the hours after sunset.
But surely the intelligence community would have preferred to have the chance to make these choices.
so you really not making a sizeable profit so it's not really lucrative to take chances like that you know even though it it does exist
The NYT fronts somewhat disturbing news from the cancer wars, a story that's also flagged in the WSJ front news box and runs inside at the WP : According to a new study of 639 women, there is a technique that reduces the chance of breast cancer among high-risk women: removing both breasts while they are still healthy.
Divers have a chance to see turtles, sharks, and barracuda in their natural environment; the warm waters make for exciting and comfortable diving throughout the year.
Between the A549 xenograft tumors and the A549 cell cultures, 357 genes (375 probe sets) differed significantly at p < 0.01 with a fold change greater than two either way (134 genes being higher in tumors and 223 genes being higher in culture), a number much greater than the 24 to be expected by chance, as determined by permutation testing.
i don't believe that they're given a chance to uh do anything productive or even uh mix with the rest of the prison community
Suppose, for example, that Al Gore and George W. Bush are in the middle of a hotly contested race for the presidency when Colin Powell suddenly throws his hat in the ring--and suppose that Powell has a 20 percent chance of winning.
There’s also an enchanting collection of bunraku puppets — a rare chance to see them at close range.
No breastfeeding parameter correlated with the attitude of the infant's father or grandmother, and this is in contrast to studies from other countries [ 9 12 36 38 ] . Almost all partners and grandmothers in this study were reported to be positive toward breastfeeding, and the lack of "negative or neutral attitudes" towards breastfeeding diminishes the chances to link attitude to feeding behavior.
they may not get a chance to take them that year um average graduation has crept up closer and closer to five years largely because of the number of students who can't get all of the courses to fulfill their major on time
And that was their chance of getting even.
Your best chance to see it is at the Ampang reserve near Kuala Lumpur or at Taman Negara.
While boundaries in female lung cancer SMR were significantly close to boundaries in OPR, boundaries in OPR are further from boundaries in female lung cancer incidence than is expected by chance (Oh P↑ = 0.002).
well do you think that um by uh going over there and doing what we did that uh it's going to give us a chance for peace over there
It's a mistake for these countries to argue that having minimum-wage laws or regulations keeping corporations from running toxic dumps will wreck their chances of competing in the world market, just like it's a mistake for small businesses to argue that having a minimum-wage law in the United States does irreparable harm to them.
The caves were discovered by chance in 1861 by a Chinese slave.
Tumor stage is the most significant prognostic parameter for 5-year survival, but even patients with non-small cell lung cancer (non-SCLC) in pathologic stage IA disease (a tumor of less than 3 cm diameter located in one lobe of the lung and more than 2 cm from the carina without visceral pleural involvement, atelectasis, or pneumonitis, and absence of metastatic spread to regional lymph nodes) have a 33% chance of recurrence within 5 years after complete surgical resection (lobectomy with mediastinal lymph node dissection) [ 2].
if you get a chance read Dr Cooper's book on controlling cholesterol
Therefore Snap's A is an 11-percent shot at Snurr's A. Meanwhile, Snap's choice B amounts to an 11-percent shot at Snurr's choice B. (Do the math: A 10-percent chance of winning $5 million is the same as an 11-percent chance of winning a 10/11 chance of winning $5 million.
You also have a chance of spotting the endangered whooping crane.
Mike" remembered Tenet telling him that the military was concerned that a few hours had passed since the last sighting of Bin Ladin and that this persuaded everyone that the chance of failure was too great.
by some chance i think it would have been criminal if our system had allowed him to live in prison for life
As for the pious hope that the Internal Revenue Service will be able to police the new tax breaks--to assure that all claimants are truly residents of the district and that the nation's capital has not become a flagrant tax haven--well, the IRS has a better chance here than in the Cayman Islands.
When the news reached London, Henry VIII saw his chance to subdue Scotland again and negotiated a marriage between the infant Mary and his son Edward.
To the northwest, the Uzbeks might be ready for a cross-border sortie in six months; their chance of success was also rated at less than 10 percent.
if i get a chance i'll uh pass those along okay uh-huh nice talking to you bye
Worse still, it deceives the people: Instead of emphasizing the truth of the business--the long, long odds--it emphasizes the unrealistic chance of winning big.
"There's a chance I'll be running against somebody who will be able to jump in a government airplane and travel the country making promises," he said.
And perhaps she should have given HBES a chance to explain that it has long embraced an ethos of open expression--until recently, all papers submitted to the annual HBES conference were accepted without peer review.
So there's no chance you'll think that the film is genuinely misogynist, the writer-director, Neil LaBute, makes the object of their scheme not a trashy bitch but a shy, good, hauntingly lovely woman (Christine, played by Stacy Edwards) who also happens to be deaf.
The ticket gives you a 10-percent chance of winning $5 million, an 89-percent chance of winning $1 million, and a 1-percent chance of winning nothing at all.
The third item means you get $1 million if that 11-percent chance doesn't come through.
On many roads, driving at or below the limit puts you well below the speed of most traffic, thereby greatly increasing the chances of an accident.
Handicappers put the left's chances at even money or better.
They reintroduced the "open tryout" to baseball, an audition where any schlub has a chance to make the squad.
As a result, investors who are able to get in on an IPO have a very good chance of reaping some easy gains.
So next year, let's switch from the Gay Pride Parade to the Gay Pride Street Fair--good exercise, a cultural celebration, and a chance to buy inexpensive socks.
Team Spirit Gittus Decker Cook and Ware Salt and Doupe and Billiard and Shenker Chance Ball Kwong and Crummy and Hook, Hooten, Ong Turnipseed and Horton Balls and Barthel and Ali and Katz McCabe Butt Rude and Pippi and Young and Sharpe Lumb Poore Peachy and Mule and Young and Creame Camiel Eger Rossetti and Shoulders and Huch, Huch, Hell Proudfoot and Rabbitts
Unmaking the underclass would answer white fears while giving lower-class blacks a chance they are now largely denied: that of assimilating into the mainstream of an integrated society.
Since these may be the final few days before real new facts about Flytrap emerge, let's take a last chance to revel in the Baroque.
Yesterday, peace was given a chance."
The Washington Post goes with President Clinton's expression of confidence regarding his impeachment trial chances, pointing out that such informal statements are probably all the Senate is going to get from him.
The South China Morning Post said that the offer "gives Turkey another chance to deal with its largest and most fractious minority in a reasonable way.
When Gore got his next chance to speak-in response to a different question-he turned back to the cost issue.
McLaughlin Group , as Eleanor Clift, Clarence Page, and John McLaughlin forecast a 60-percent chance that the United States will stand down from armed conflict.
What Are My Chances of Winning?
It says the point of this odyssey isn't revenge but regret--for irredeemably blown chances and a tragic waste of love.
Then all you have to do is look at those people who face a 1 percent chance of losing their $100,000 homes in a fire and see how much they are willing to pay for fire insurance.
Starr, I want to give you a chance to clear your name on the serious accusation made against you by the judge presiding over your grand jury.
They see today as their chance to punish the enemy, to humiliate Starr for his prosecutorial aggression and sexual obsession.
The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times states that the election chances of acting Russian President Vladimir Putin are excellent in part because of a bill Boris Yeltsin signed on his last day in office that requires candidates to garner the signatures of 1 million registered voters, an accomplishment the paper says will be much easier for Putin--now in control of considerable resources as the head of state--than for any potential rival.
He means these arguments to be mutually reinforcing: Government social programs don't work; they can't work on account of human nature; and if by chance they do work, they're morally unjustified anyhow.
But he found himself under a more demanding boss than he was used to and got fired before he got a chance to exercise any stock options.
There are 2,300 chapters, so chances are good she's near one.
Another quirk, as gamblers and con artists know all too well, is that the brain is not good at weighing small chances of big gains (or losses) against large chances of small losses (or gains).
"The more I thought about it," writes Levin, "the more I realized that Clinton had about as much chance of leaving her alone as a cocaine addict has of passing up a line."
One buys them for other reasons: for powerful photographs, now often in color, of underwear models; for a chance encounter with an embarrassing detail about Ron Perelman; and perhaps most of all, for that lovable Marmaduke cartoon.
George Stephanopoulos ( This Week ) forecasts a "better than even" chance that the United States will give peace a chance.
Lowey wouldn't stand a chance.
Overall, the success level for correct matches was no better than chance.
A multi-year, rigorous study to be released today finds that women enrolled in one of the nation's best-funded programs for disadvantaged teenaged mothers still failed to improve their chances of becoming self-sufficient.
"Not a chance in hell former President George Bush will allow blacks, Jews, Mexicans, Canadians, or homosexuals within five miles of his Kennebunkport summer manse ...
But here it seems less a chance to make a buck than something akin to grade inflation.
Either way, you'd have a 10-percent chance of being the executioner, so simple theories of rationality suggest that you should be indifferent when asked to choose between the two options.
Here's my first criterion: If you prefer A to B, then you should prefer a chance of winning A to an (equally large) chance of winning B. And here's the test to see whether you've met that criterion: Your answers to Questions 2 and 3 should be the same.
By the way, USAT says a survey it took among 49 top economists rates the chances of a U.S. recession next year as one in four.
No White House story these days is complete without a quote from Dick Morris, who rarely misses a chance to bite the hand that no longer feeds him.
The papers concur that the plan has zilch chance of actually becoming law--President Clinton has already promised not to sign it--and that it merely represents an opening gambit in the upcoming back-and-forth over what to do with the surplus.
That dignity has been much squandered by Clinton, but this is a chance for Starr to protect what remains.
"I know that most interns don't get a chance to know Betty Currie and don't have the many contacts that Monica Lewinsky had with the president.
I'm all for giving patients a fair chance to contest improper refusals of payment, but we should not lapse into calling such refusals malpractice.
3) The Washington Post reported that for $5,000, the National Republican Senatorial Committee is offering donors a chance to give Trent Lott and other senators "advice" at a forum next month.
On This Week , conservative pundit Bill Kristol protested that by "saying that this trial should be dismissed or saying that the House managers don't get a chance to present their case" through witnesses, Senate Republicans would "discredit" the House's impeachment vote and make it appear "illegitimate."
Here's your chance to guess their solutions.
"Give me a chance to roll up my sleeves and go to work on this.
There's an 11-percent chance I'll give you a choice of gifts.
Man, they should have killed off Livia when they had the chance, and that way they wouldn't have to saddle us with her dreary daughter.
6. Give peace a chance.
That there was a chance for meaningful cooperation with the Soviet dictatorship?
Which is why George has a chance against Gore or Bradley-and why his father lost to Clinton.
Is there any chance at all that Russian tycoons are not figuring out how to take advantage of this?"
This nonrevelation gives the publication a chance to rehash other accounts that claim that Walken and Robert Wagner (Wood's husband) got in a fight over her, following which she stomped off in anger, never again to be seen alive.
Rips sought a delay in publication and the chance to respond to the critique in the same issue.
! The chances of that are good indeed if you're a character in a movie, so don't play postmodern games.
…This is your chance to experience her famed pig Latin rendition of 'We're in the Money.
That gives you a 50-50 chance of finding a relatively safe match.
Sportswriters reply that these teams have had plenty of similar chances, have blown them, and may be booted from their jobs now that the Panthers and Jaguars have proven that it doesn't take years to build a winner.
Money may not buy happiness, but if you're already happy there's a decent chance it will make you more happy!
Since vertical integration replaces the market with the firm--that is, the company makes the product instead of allowing others to bid for the chance to make it--it must be a mistake, for we know the market's decisions are always right.
The chances of meeting a sophisticated Upper West Side woman in New York who would fall for a line like that are about as remote as encountering a singing possum in your basement, but Kidman's character continues to flirt with this loser during the longest and most excruciating dance scene in movie history.
This year is her last chance at Al: "It's either do it now, or don't do it at all."
Well, by my calculation (checked with folks whose grounding in mathematics is sturdier and more recent), you're increasing your chance of a fatal crash by about one in 855,000.
There's a chance Americans will be sending troops out to Central Asia in coming years to defend American oil interests, so we should all be reading up on this stuff.
Arafat's Chance
At first glance, this gene would seem to have no chance of proliferating via natural selection, since it attracts the predator's attention and thus endangers the organism in which it resides.
The NASA discovery suggests that life is probably a pretty ordinary phenomenon that occurs anyplace you give it half a chance.
The first two items, taken together, amount to an 11-percent chance of a 10/11 chance of winning $5 million.
I like to ask audiences every chance I get, "If you were the boss of English, what would you change?"
The organizers were now trying to persuade him to come without the orchestra, the newspaper added, "but the chances of that seem rather remote."
Do you think there's any chance that the media's temporary diet will encourage more reporters to look at this other kind of scandal, instead of dreaming about being the next Bob Woodward?
On the other hand, if the movie's popular and you don't have enough product on hand to take advantage of those few weeks when your toys are hot, you won't get the chance again.
Downside: Chance that O'Connor could stop by Cinco de Mayo party on way over, get tanked on margaritas, make crude pass at Charlie Rose.
Andre Schwartz-Bart's The Last of the Just (for example) is a far more moving evocation of the Holocaust than any account in any reference work, because it focuses on the experiences of one man--a man who, if he continues to deny his Jewishness, has a reasonable chance of escaping the death camps.
word order (position an element later in a sentence--in English, at any rate--and its chances of taking the main stress are usually increased);
These patients have about an 11 percent chance of a stroke or death in five years.
For instance, as the mobility of capital reduces the power of unions, the chance for including labor rights in the world trade treaty known as GATT--the General Agreement on Trade and Tariffs--grows remote.
Mathis notes that "Every chance he gets, it seems, Reed praises and promotes" Ashcroft.
But what would be lost by taking that chance?"
So it is a famous West Coast entrepreneur, rather than obscure Middle American hicks, to whom Simpson grants the chance to display a zealous ambition born of delusory innocence.
This fall, Goldhagen's supporters and detractors will have another chance to duke it out when he comes up for tenure in the Harvard government department.
So here's your chance to duplicate Jackson's experiment, try Microsoft's version of the experiment, and decide for yourself who's got the better of the argument.
Could even be a book (you might know I'm a fan of art journalism and don't pass up a chance to promote the idea).
This was seen as giving Kohl a better chance of victory.
(To see that these questions are exactly the same as the Snip-Snap-Snurr questions, keep in mind that an 11-percent chance of a 10/11 shot at $5 million is the same thing as a 10-percent chance at $5 million.)
His success (more or less) led to more rock 'n' roll editing assignments--a traveling sub-Woodstock "festival" called Medicine Ball Caravan ; Elvis on Tour --and then to Boxcar Bertha , which allowed him to join the Directors Guild and gave him the chance to make Mean Streets . That movie helped launch the careers of Harvey Keitel and Robert De Niro, and taught generations of would-be tough guys the meaning of the word "mook."
At last our cause will finally have it's chance!
She may have thought, however, that she was giving him another chance and that he was promising, in exchange, to do better.
with thousands of small entrepreneurs who repeatedly overestimated their chances of success, but who collectively managed to settle and develop the West while many of them individually were failing."
8 chance of walking into a McDonald's that serves the McSalad Shaker.
I am afraid that, if what many citizens of the European Community either hope or fear comes true, and English becomes the second language in every country of the Community, there is a good chance that many of these hybrids ( shopper for supermarket trolley, processimulator for simulator, and compacdiscontainer ) will eventually find their way into the English as she is spoke.
Analysts agree that 1) Helms' opposition guaranteed that Weld had almost no chance of getting the job to begin with; 2) Weld's caustic remarks about Helms in the last couple of weeks have further doomed his chances; and 3) Weld's resignation won't help him.
will give the author a chance to peddle his wares," notes Jennifer Harper in the Washington Times . Ad hominems are the order of the day.
Morris says vote.com "will give us all a chance to be heard so our voice gets loud enough to drown out the special interests that run Congress."
It's an eerie blend of careful planning and pure chance, impromptu schemes and long-running designs.
Time deems the book "definitive" but too harsh: "Morris struggles for fairness but portrays Luce as a calculating, self-indulgent user whose fixed eye on the main chance rendered her oblivious to the concerns of others."
For one thing, recognize that he came to the United States past puberty--when a young man's voice changes, so do his chances for assuming a "native" accent.
In the past, demand for stocks was limited by fear of risk . Investors could look to the bond market and see the chance for a decent return with total safety.
There is chance in his paintings, but it occurs within a well-defined structure.
The NYT front page states that Newt Gingrich has ruled out any chance the House will pass the major campaign-reform bill banning all soft money that has been advancing in the Senate.
Whitney's campaign to find him an appointment at Harvard continued but with diminished chances of success.
Chances are, if you're using a computer, you're running at least some Microsoft software.
There is a chance that, by their lights, they assumed that had you been home you would have "lent" them the wine.
The first is that Steve Case and Bob Pittman really think their stock is overvalued, and that this is their chance to acquire some assets with real value before the Internet bubble bursts.
Analysts agree that 1) Helms' opposition guaranteed that Weld had almost no chance of getting the job to begin with; 2) Weld's caustic remarks about Helms in the last couple of weeks have further doomed his chances; and 3) Weld's resignation won't help him.
This may give a better chance of success to the much-mocked millennium celebrations in Paris and London, the former involving the Eiffel Tower laying an egg and huge plastic fishes poking their heads out of the Seine, and the latter--as caustically emphasized in all of today's British newspapers--involving no known purpose at all apart from the building of a giant dome at Greenwich at a cost of more than $1 billion.
There is a chance that he is better than I think.
He can hardly bring himself to turn away, and sneaks back for another fix whenever he gets the chance.
If you open on Saturday, though, then your per-screen average will look better, your two-day performance has a good chance of being impressive, and you can't get dragged down by the inevitably weak Friday.
Move over and let a new kid have a chance.
So, to give the theory a fair chance, we have to look for more significant differences between men's and women's clothing.
When the statisticians crunched their data, they reached an astonishing conclusion: The hidden messages exist, and their presence "is not due to chance."
Not a chance.
This narrow focus has protected the gambling industry, since Americans are willing to accept a vice that is clearly separated from the rest of society--as casinos are--or that offers a luscious chance at the good life--as megabucks lotteries do.
With one afflicted parent, there is a 50 percent chance of inheritance; and when neither parent is an allergy sufferer, there's still a 20 percent chance.
If the average American uses from three to five thousand different words each day, the chances are everybody in this country will use three or more Texican words.
In addition, as I've pointed out here before, the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity, so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding.
He's the multimillionaire founder of a biotech company, and the mother-daughter pair in pursuit of him are hippie drifters, who whimper for their chance at legitimacy and reliable love where Adele and Ann howled and scratched.
Morris says vote.com is "fully interactive" and "gives us a chance to speak out and to be heard.
If so, it will have a chance to proceed with economic reforms that could secure India a still higher growth rate."
The editorial argues that Clinton has forfeited the second chance America gave him in 1992.
Whatever his past gaps in judgment, Gingrich is too smart to think he has a realistic chance of being elected president.
Bruce Gottlieb's "A Snowball's Chance" ignores the obvious countereffects of polling.
Although he's incredulous, Steven can't afford to pass up a chance to get his "edge" back, especially with a wife (Andie MacDowell) and kids and a house in Pacific Palisades to maintain.
Gates "must know that the chances of a drastic remedy--such as the breakup of the company he founded are no longer negligible," the paper said.
Last night, while wasting time in the usual online fashion, I came across a chance to vote for the novel of the century, from a list of ten chosen by other people wasting time in the usual online fashion, and it certainly didn't include A Sport and a Pastime , which it should have.
The C.W. is that McCain hurts Bradley's chances, because independents can go this way or that and Bradley needs them all, but I think the reverse is true: Bradley is a drain on the potential pool of voters for McCain, who needs every single one to orchestrate an upset.
It's why we have been corresponding, and why I've enjoyed the chance, even on so noisy a street corner, to chat with you.
Here's my first criterion: If you prefer A to B, then you should prefer a chance of winning A to an (equally large) chance of winning B. And here's the test to see whether you've met that criterion: Your answers to Questions 2 and 3 should be the same.
But that doesn't mean it can't do well in the store, where buyers don't get a chance to boil water.
"DreamWorks had a chance to do something different, instead they played it safe" (Anthony Lane, The New Yorker ). (Clips are available here.)
If the phenomenon were due to chance, the authors reasoned, they would be as likely to find an ELS naming Rabbi X near one identifying the birthday of Rabbi Y as they would be to find Rabbi X near his own birthday.
Man on the Moon does not indicate, for example, that Kaufman came up with the idea for the Saturday Night Live call-in vote, nor that he had numerous chances to nix the whole thing.
Gingrich resigns, and the practical chances of Clinton's removal evaporate.
Do you, by any chance, suggest having it engraved under the répondez, s'il vous plaît ?
This is not cinema vérité , and nothing has been left to chance.
I didn't have a chance to have a date with him."
So unlike, say, the Club, a Lojack will never prevent any particular car from being stolen; it will only increase the chance of its being recovered.
But the German candidate who'd been slated to run decided in the face of a looming Republican sweep that he'd like to be postmaster, so Yates, who is Jewish, got his chance.
The predicted demise of John Kennedy's George and the launch of Tina Brown's Talk raise the question: What are a new magazine's chances for survival?
The New York Times and USA Today headlines focus on the increased presidential pressure while the Los Angeles Times headline highlights the increasing chances for a settlement.
By then, time had run out on the interview, leaving Roberts no chance to ask the logical follow-up: "Do you favor a handgun ban that would allow an exception for members of the Olympic pentathlon team, like they apparently have in England?"
Snip's choice B is a 10-percent chance of winning $5 million plus a 1-percent chance of winning nothing plus an 89-percent chance of winning $1 million.
"I'm a proponent of Bill's position," he replied, citing "Bill's health care plan, which I got a chance to read last night."
Observers gave Kennedy's bill little chance of passing, but Seagram found itself flummoxed anyway.
A geeky economics professor with a Midwestern accent challenging an entrenched Texas Democrat, Armey was given no chance of winning.
The sad spin: He won't get a chance to try for a third Super Bowl.
This speaks well for the chances of Al Gore** and Bill Bradley, and poorly for those of the smirky George W. Bush.
If the pilot wants to take that chance alone, fine, but once he allows passengers, he has to be responsible enough to make the right decision for not only himself but for those two girls as well.
"History is offering Sharon a one-time-only chance to record to his credit the political step so needed by his country," it said.
Optimally, the drug will cut the length of a flu bout by 40 percent, and significantly reduce the chances of escalation into a severe case.
Chance of removal from office: Zero .
They involve Dada nose-thumbing, Expressionist brio, an American appreciation of pure funk, a flâneur 's eye for chance and juxtaposition in the streets, a sensualist's feeling for the most outré kinds of texture, and a scopophiliac's unquenchable thirst for images, all kinds, right now, from industrial logos to comic strips to postage stamps to Velázquez's Rokeby Venus . (He also, incidentally, has quite an ear, capable of doing more with a one-word title-- Rebus , Currency , Interview , Barge , Express --than most writers.)
Olympia Snowe's announcement that she will vote to acquit President Clinton on both impeachment articles means there's a very good chance the perjury charge won't even get a simple majority, and some chance that the obstruction charge won't either.
Chance for the gold elusive as the cure for trials of heart.
I realize that yesterday in my haste to wrap up our correspondence in a timely fashion, I never got a chance to explain why Hillary's Senate race makes me so uncomfortable.
"You put a pile of money out there and there's every chance it will end up in some Chinese dam."
8 percent chance of survival.
But it has a chance to do a great job of being what it is.
Gore's and Bush's war chests seem to be giving them a boost in Iowa, and both candidates hope strong showings in the caucuses will boost their chances in New Hampshire the following week, the Post reports.
"An event with a one-in-a-million chance of happening to any American on any given day will, in fact, occur 260 times each day in this country," notes mathematician John Allen Paulos ( NYT ), who argues that the EgyptAir crash was almost certainly a random event.
The Herald Sun said the referendum has also widened divisions within Howard's government and generated "serious fears for its chances at the next election."
But the guidebook might be extinct before you have a chance to bring your gifts to the tourist masses.
Here's what worries me: Given the subtlety of the real issues here, what is the chance that this stuff will be decided on its merits?
And as their study showed, when incompetent people are given a chance to wise up a bit, they do acquire some retrospective understanding of their limitations.
We had not eaten since morning, and the chances of our doing so in the next twelve hours looked slim indeed.
Two additional letters from Iraq convinced Clinton to stow the missiles and give the inspections another chance.
Analysts think Hagel has little chance of winning.
The Times said the West "has to thank the brave Canadian judge" for ending any chance that NATO would grant Milosevic immunity from arrest and prosecution--one of his principal peace conditions.
This means that there is a 95 percent chance (there's the degree of confidence) that between 30 and 40 percent of the population supports McCain (that's McCain's 35 percent plus or minus the margin of error), and a 95 percent chance that between 27 and 37 percent supports Bush.
The story notes two overriding factors behind the trend: 1) Corporations are slashing their suppliers down to a handful of giants, which would, under the present rules, automatically exclude virtually all minority-controlled companies; and 2) the clout of minority consumers has grown and therefore companies want to be able to undertake 1) without losing the chance to establish a minority-friendly track record.
True, there's a one-in-10 chance that the love gene will sink along with Loving Bob.
They will face the Dallas Cowboys with a chance to achieve the first Cardinals playoff win since 1947.
Confidential to Martin: You might have had a better chance of getting your money had the Globe not run a "World Exclusive" interview in which you're quoted disclosing "titillating details" about your ex's sexual fantasies and happy-hour proclivities.
As for her sister, mm could express her understanding of how difficult it must be to raise these children, give her sister a chance to vent, mention classes or books that might be helpful, but never, never make it personal.
The comedian Al Franken, here on assignment for George, gives him a chance to lose his balance.
I willingly admit that Dr. Chance is perfectly correct in saying that he had explained the etymology of Cambridge both at an earlier time and more completely than myself.
(John McCain is a hard case, being conventionally brave and forthright but also kind of a cutup; his crack about propping up a dead Alan Greenspan à la Weekend at Bernie's was very fin de siècle .) However, to give an appropriate nod to the underdogs, the TR model also speaks well for the chances of Gary Bauer, Orrin Hatch, and Alan Keyes (none of whom has an ironic or decadent bone in his body, as far as Chatterbox can see).
Analysts called it a win for 1) Bush, who gains support from women voters; 2) Dole, who increases her chances of nabbing the vice presidential nomination; and 3) John McCain, who can again cast "Bush as the charmed insider and [himself] as the scrappy outsider."
In previous fights, wherein he was winning or had a good chance to win, his "illness" did not manifest itself.
There always seems to be plenty of it, along with the chance to study the faces of his characters, even when there's not a great deal going on in them.
The deal brings Russia the chance to flex its slackened superpower muscles, but at the cost of providing shelter to Belarus' destitute population, bankrupt government, and bone-dry economy.
In discussing a time when black men and women with an intellectual vocation were deprived of the chance to make a living through the pen, there is a case for looking in American black life for the places to which those thwarted thinkers diverted their energies.
Cinderella victors shook up the NCAA men's basketball tournament . In the West, 10 th -seeded Gonzaga, which has already taken out seventh-seeded Minnesota and second-seeded Stanford, has a good chance of becoming the third double-digit seed ever to reach the quarterfinals.
Chances are that when Nike put Burroughs in one of its ads, none of the company's executives had even heard of him.
For Tacoma, glass is a last chance at world stature.
The meaning of the votes is best summed up by the WP , which states that the Senate has told the House managers they have the chance to make their case and that in all likelihood doing so will not matter.
In reference to the letter from "" who was worried about children catching the bouquet: I was married last summer and gave all the children under 12 a chance to catch a small stuffed animal before I threw the bouquet to the older girls.
"Given the inequity of Nixon's downfall, historians may yet determine that he would have been justified in allowing events to take their course and subjecting the country to a prolonged process of impeachment, which would have given him the chance to defend himself by due process of law.
Rafferty passes over obvious chances to criticize the indies in technical terms--no review of Boogie Nights prepared me for what a patchy, tedious film it was--and instead finds something morally defective in them.
Anything goes-- Playboy is prancing around as the "official worldwide brand of the millenium," and Mars Inc. is drooling over the chance to be the millenium's official candy-maker.
oh well if there's i guess there's still chance but you do like to listen to music you do enjoy it and
give them a chance you know with a positive have them sit down with their boss and their boss's boss and uh you know just talk with them about
i i don't think it's anything wrong for a doctor to refuse to i don't care about the Hippocratic oath i don't think they should have to treat a patient with AIDS if they don't want to you know why take a chance like that doctor in New York that got infected from a patient and you know she ended up i think
that was if you if you get a chance you can you can rent it
The central approach this study takes is to identify areas of the genome that siblings affected by stroke share more often than one would expect by chance.
second chance yeah yeah
Whether due to chance fixation, selection or epistasis, non-syntenic associations of the sort illustrated in Figure 7are a major source of both false-positive and false-negativeresults in using RI sets for mapping.
i think inherently our the the chance that we're gonna be involved in it in anything is fairly low i think none of them are foolish enough to wanna attack the United States
well there is so many chances for appeal that it keep
the idea of life imprisonment with no chance of parole well that means you're going to put them in a cage you think it's never ever going to be safe for them to walk the streets again well then
see i've only only lived here in Texas for two years so i haven't had a chance to go down there
and cut the budget and we're gonna have you know we're we're gonna we're gonna have to do some unpopular things i mean he wouldn't have a chance of getting elected
In the very off chance that you come across archaeological finds such as ancient anchors, wine-jars, even sculpture, they must be reported to local municipal authorities.
do you get a chance to do it at home or do you mostly like catch up while you're at work do you have a chance to look through the Wall Street Journal i'm not sure what you do
One expert, whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he wouldn't be named or quoted, said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers, for example, doubling as foreign spies.
uh-huh well the best thing about it is that you can uh try something if you don't like it shoot move on to something else that's the way i've uh looked at the whole thing here i'll take a chance if i don't like it i'll go someplace else do something different
Ioannidis suggests how studies could be designed from the outset to increase their chances of producing true results.
i spent about ten years in Abilene for TI i i worked out there in Abilene in west Texas and i never did get a chance to get over to Lake Texoma i i wished i had uh
uh generally are about six six to ten miles but uh they'll go they have the chance to go to Philmont in July and then they'll do the fifty mile or whatever hiking then
and the chances for things getting out of control and another fascist type of regime rising are quite good
yes we do they peak on Friday so if you have a chance to be here Friday or somewhere somewhere around there that that's the best time to see them and they don't last too long you know
i've not gotten a chance to work with it although um my uh my data structures teacher was telling us something about why how fudgy fuzzy logic works as far as the concept behind it
taken them all for a year i believe in giving anything a chance
oh no no they're not fired they there are they have one chance to then go in a program if you come back positive you have one chance to go in and go into they have a lot of uh rehabilitation both for alcohol and for drug use uh
Diving centers also offer an introductory session known as the “Discover Scuba Program,” which includes a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work to give you the chance to practice the basic techniques.
then at least they have a chance to over the years be proven not guilty
is it then the chance that the employer will look at you in more of a negative fashion and say well you know
and they they don't offer any commentary and it gives me a quick chance to to be caught up during the day
out in the garage but it's it's been kind of raining and stuff around here lately so there ain't been much of a chance to go riding a bicycle
well i it's been a while since i've been out to watch i do watch a little on TV you know when i have the chance but uh
uh all kinds of different things i haven't had a chance to go out fishing much here but i use to do a lot of fishing out in California
whereas you might take a chance in a store and bring it home and consider it you
As the years went by my prayer was answered and I got the chance to work in the cafeteria as a cashier and the principal there came up to me and said, "Have you considered being a teacher assistant?"
In The Bride of Lammermoor (Chapter V), we are informed that the heroine “placed certain restrictions on their intercourse,” a limitation that might have been more usefully set in that same author's Rob Roy (Chapter VII) where we are told of the chance that the narrator and Miss Vernon might be “thrown into very close and frequent intercourse.”
well during see i'm going to school right now and uh while i'm working i don't get a i don't get a chance to read the paper a lot
Mankind can't endure the thought that the world was born by chance, by mistake, just because four brainless atoms bumped into one another on a slippery highway.
(Note that there is a 95 percent chance that demand will be less than seventeen units next week—thus, if our buyer decides to stock seventeen units at the beginning of the week, the store should be able to offer a 95 percent order fulfillment rate on this SKU.)
(: Clinton's chances of survival.)
and it makes the care very personalized of course but since it is a small community everybody knows everybody and so there there would be no absolutely zero chance of any abuse
But what do you think the chances are of that happening very often?
contribute to the motions fibers undergo in the early stages of pattern formation, and thus enhance the chances that fibers make contact with each other, and
These awards provide chances to recognize unusual achievements and sometimes offer honoraria as incentives.
Obviously, as each variable is in more and more of the C clauses, with randomly assigned truth requirements, Vi versus not-Vi, the chance that the set of clauses can be jointly satisfied gets harder.
Following the publication of this article, Robert Reich asked for a chance to respond.
kind of a outward showing of that they don't think they have a chance of doing anything and take it out on the school
But any chances for postwar cooperation between right and left were wrecked in a matter of months.
Do you have a chance to re-tell this story, um, in your work or to your own children?
What is more, every infected person has the chance of infecting many others.
The contemporary equivalent of Bond Stores now has a much better chance of avoiding stock-outs of popular items and the inventory gluts that lead to costly markdowns.
He urged Congress to "allow people with disabilities to keep health insurance when they go to work" and to "give people between the ages of 55 and 65 who lose their health insurance the chance to buy into Medicare."
well i mean you know you know before you have a chance to say well geez we have a couple of months where we been low and put some off uh in the bank
Similarly, the Wall Street Journal "Washington Wire" says the Starr report means the chances of a managed care overhaul coming out of Congress this year are zero.
it was so many of them in it that at any particular chance your chance of having to do something was very slim it was very slim and so
* His chances of winning the general election--and maybe the nomination**--would be greatly diminished.
take a lot of chances well i noticed that um
Example: Penn asks, "Do you think the role of government is to redistribute existing wealth or to foster conditions that enable everyone to have a chance to make a higher income?"
on appeal then another appeal then another appeal ends up costing the taxpayers more than just putting the guy away for the rest of his life with no chance of parole
On the off chance that your letter is on the level, it could be that the purpose of your life is to serve as a warning to others.
and uh so about any important phone call that i have i'm going to get it at work and if the phone call comes to the house chances are it's either for my wife or one of the girls
But the dome has at least a chance to follow in the path of its illustrious English ancestors, the Crystal Palace exhibition of 1851 and the Festival of Britain of 1951.
so i've worked for both big and small so i've had a chance to kind of take a look at uh the pros and cons of both
It has never been clearer that the best prospect for a peace worthy of the name is to give war a chance."
well if you ever get a chance to go to Alaska boy uh the the
Back to that NYT California cigarette ban story: The Times headline writers missed a big chance: "Smoke Bar Bars Bar Smoke."
i like The Price is Right too but i never get a chance to watch it
The Post passed on chances to invest in AOL in 1993, 1994, and 1995, Leonsis told me with relish.
you know i assume that the kids are not going to ever get up there and it's in a case and it's you know it's put up and it's away and all that but i don't want to take the chance and i think if somebody ever does break in it's going to take me a year to find the shells and then get it don't come in the
, gave them many chances to reproduce their genes).
i had a chance to go to uh Alaska for six weeks last summer and did some salmon fishing up there and that was really uh
The Bullets called a timeout, knowing they'd have no chance if Jordan caught fire.
well i haven't had too much of a chance to watch TV lately so probably everything i'm going to say is kind of dated
If your family moves during your school years (ages 6-15), your chance of graduating high school falls by 16 percent, the chance that you'll be "economically inactive" (out of school and out of work) at age 24 rises by 10 percent--and, if you are female, your chance of getting through your teens without an out-of-wedlock birth falls by 6 percent.
Power/type 2 error appears to be a major factor—if the genetic effect is sufficiently large ( HLA in Type 1 diabetes mellitus or CFH in age-related macular degeneration)—or, if the sample size is large, then there appears to be a greater chance of “hard” replication.
At the very least, you'll give one child the chance to see God's face, and feel His love.
The difference is that the computer decides when you win, not pure chance.
he was checking to see if i was going to stay in because i've been so busy with this presidential search i haven't had a chance to really do any calling myself
That in the process she had learned what makes the locals tick--as well as a language known to few, if any, CIA officials--was of no account: Her chances of being hired would have been much better if she had remained celibate in Salt Lake City.
Given the number of bacterial GshB sequences in the query set, the finding of one bacterial sequence with an insignificant p -value can be regarded as a chance occurrence.
Give a youth a chance to receive help with homework, healthy snacks, and value-based programs that are fun.
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work that will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques.
The NYT observes that the ruling dims the chances for the as-yet-unheard White House claim that Secret Service agents are also cloaked in a special privilege.
If you enjoy reading the stories in the enclosed brochure, there is an excellent chance that you will enjoy membership in the Indiana Historical Society.
that their chances of getting it from me would be higher than my chances of using it effectively on them
Unconventionally gifted kids, who didn't get top grades in high school or who don't have perfect SAT scores, stand a better chance than they do elsewhere of getting in--and of being presented with the highest level of intellectual challenge.
Like the subboundary statistics, these overlap statistics can be evaluated as significantly closer (high Os, low Og, Oh, or Ogh) or significantly farther than expected by chance (low Os, high Og, Oh, or Ogh).
A few of them have realized the chances of increasing the flow of tourist traffic, setting up stalls by the roadside or getting younger members of the family to bring visitors to have a look at the work going on.
and if they've you know caused as much pain and suffering as they have for for no reason and they're going to do it again if they get the chance
To his credit, Stross does grasp what's right at Microsoft: the hard-boiled meritocracy that makes rich those who contribute to it; Bill Gates' prediction that consumers, not just large businesses, would jump at the chance to own computers; and his--and his company's--driving desire to outsmart and outfox the competition.
Within a day’s walk are a lake and streams with good fishing, especially for trout, and you’ll have a fair chance of spotting some of the park’s wildlife, too — bobcats, coyotes, golden eagles, black bear, spotted skunk, and cougar.
Such clues could be especially convincing if it can be shown that the enriched classes are unlikely to represent a chance occurrence.
and if you yeah if you want to so at least you you know you wouldn't have any surprises you can order any type of you know service you want but you stand a good chance you know having to pick up at least part of the bill yourself
The New York Times plays this story top-front, but leads instead with Madeleine Albright's meetings in Beijing with top Chinese officials, in which she expressed the U.S.'s displeasure with their recent crackdown on opposition groups, but was nonetheless encouraging about China's chances of joining the World Trade Organization.
A temple ceremony may give you a chance to join the audience for a while.
The signal could be an expression of chance, i.e., of random variation.
yeah well the the chances are these are all all things they're very familiar with and just the chance to have some entertainment and some some variety in their life
Nor is it simply a chance for any city official to indulge a personal taste for martial law, surrounding himself with a hunky praetorian guard, manly men whose manliness glistens in the light of their boots, burnished to a fine sheen by the sweaty exertions of muscular comrades in arms who--I'm sorry.
Freshwater angling — for bass, carp, or trout — is good anywhere in the lakes and streams, best of all up in Hokkaido, where you stand a decent chance of hooking a salmon.
“There are still essential discoveries to make along the way,” he says, “and there's a good chance it would end in total failure.”
yeah i have some basic concerns about it as well uh not just the invasion of privacy but the the chance of uh false positive being being reported
"We don't have a chance in a conventional war," Pereira said at one of four border training camps visited by the paper's reporters.
Wherever you go, you will have the chance to admire or criticize, to confirm stereotypes or to note exceptions.
and uh so between reading to them and uh reading the newspaper and then i have a book that i'm occasionally reading when i get a chance but i just don't get a chance for those
While claiming to "pass up the chance," you take it.
The Bahamian islands (where the temperance crusade never had much chance) were perfectly placed to help thirsty Americans.
In contrast to our previous method of calculating the chance distribution from the Blocks database [ 24 ] , using the profiles corrects for the specific composition of amino acids in the segments.
well i mean i would think that uh if someone knows that there's there's an even greater chance that they're they're going to get caught um having drugs that
Well, now is the chance for the president to put his ideas to work for himself.
Wandering the backstreets in the old lake district north of Beihai Park, these pedicab caravans make stops at the ancient Drum Tower for panoramic views, at Prince Gong’s Palace (Gongwangfu) for tea and sometimes opera in a lavish grand Ming Dynasty estate, and at a typical courtyard home in a hutong neighborhood for a chance to meet and talk with Beijing residents.
In determining whether or not a reference toxicant test result falls "well" outside the expected range, the result also may be compared with upper and lower bounds for ± 3S, as any result outside these control limits would be expected to occur by chance only 1 out of 100 tests (Environment Canada, 1990).
that one person has total control and i always figured at least in a day care center there are other people around and if you get one bad apple there's are at least other people that can see it they can watch and i just kind of always felt that the chances of something happening were less
Chance and Consequences
Beneath the surface, however, the drabness of daily life and lack of personal freedom continued to undermine any chance of popular support.
In the case of endpoints that are point estimates (LC50s and IC25s), at the 0.05 probability level, one in 20 tests would be expected to fall outside of the control limits by chance alone.
What's more, the chance to take an active choice in the matter as a parent may itself be a step toward the more successful, better monitored arrangements that poor working parents--and more middle-class parents, too--say they need and want.
One of Italy’s most important art museums, it offers the chance to see just how little Venice has changed over the centuries.
Since then, and especially over the past few years in response to later findings, graduate students have been scrambling for a chance to work in her laboratory.
did you get a chance to watch any of the games
The ticket gives you a 10-percent chance of winning $5 million, an 89-percent chance of winning $1 million, and a 1-percent chance of winning nothing at all.
By way of local color, you shouldn’t turn down a chance to see Sichuan Opera.
SAM terms the percentage of genes identified by chance the false discovery rate (FDR) and estimates this quantity by recourse to permutation.
two of which involved uh back packing and and hiking they're a pretty active troop and i've enjoyed it it's gotten me a chance to get back out and do a little bit more again
Yes, I meant to say that: If a prestigious journal publishes a theory, it's probably wrong . Given two equally plausible theories from equally credible sources that have passed equally strict scrutiny, the one that makes it into a top journal has a smaller chance of being right.
Ask about chances to see dancers and musicians practicing, as well as regular performances given for visitors.
The survival curve was atypical in that its y-axis presented a patient's chance of not developing a disease instead of the more standard "chance of survival".
but but the the the chances
there is a crescent moon (or a set of cattle horns, symbolic of a self-deluding cow who thinks she could beat a bear in a fair fight, but I don't like her chances).
Watch out for the sting-ray, shark, and turtle pools, where regular feeding times are posted; you’ll even get a chance to pet some of the exhibits.
Such effects have been observed in the analysis of courtship song as a consequence of the sampling rate; fluctuating values from one point to the next suggest periodicity in the range of the Nyquist frequency; for the song records in question and analysis of the pulse-rate fluctuations, 20-s periods, against a background of 10-s sampling intervals [ 21 ] . It is possible to assess quantitatively how likely a given peak in an autocorrelation can be the result of chance alone.
what what happens if you were to fail then do they give you like one chance one more chance or two more chances
John McCain thinks being vilified in that ad campaign may have helped his White House chances.
Even if you’re not an avid bird-watcher, you’ll enjoy the gentle walks in the woodland, with the chance of seeing exciting herds of nilghai antelope, blackbuck, and cheetal (spotted deer).
uh-huh what i really uh i uh had a chance they had the PGA tournament up in Indianapolis last year i was able to go and see one of the rounds of that and that was really fun
And even in his public role, there's an excellent chance his newspaper under his direction will endorse Gore's candidacy.
In 2004 the Olympic Games, first held in Greece during ancient times, will return to the capital giving Athens the chance to stand in the limelight again.
The results from the binary logistic and probit regressions for CHD events during the 20-year period are presented in Table 5. Women had between 43%-75% lower chances of CHD events.
that's pretty good um and i like listening to that on on uh when i get a chance when i'm in the car a long enough time to to listen to it because i
It's your chance to tell us what you think about Slate and how you might like to see it improve.
A countryside visit to Barra de Potosí, located 21 km (14 miles) south of Zihuatanejo offers a chance to see a small fishing village, coconut and mango plantations, and a lagoon known for the numerous tropical birds that inhabit it.
The best available advice is to minimize the chance of dropouts at the design stage and during trial monitoring.
yeah our yeah our company's a little tougher on the second chance i mean if if they're going to give you the opportunity to turn yourself in then they ought to
"[B]uy stocks in companies that have a good chance of going up."
Highlights of this trip may include a visit to the small town’s museum, the local market where bartering is still practiced, the town’s church dating back to the 17th century, and a chance to have lunch on a small island in the lagoon, amid hundreds of tropical birds.
These subboundaries have lengths near what would be expected by chance (Lmean P↑ = 0.800,).
well what do you think about the A's and Canseco and those guys have they got any chance or
If you've installed Internet Explorer 4.0, click here for more about (and a chance to download) the channel.
You may have a chance to see some used in a fiesta parade.
More positive scores are less likely to occur by chance, and thus indicate a greater probability that the two protein segments are homologous.
is not bomb quality and we're so strict with all our controls in the United States the chances of of an accident are slight and it doesn't pollute the air at all it's safer to be around a nuclear plant then it is to be around a coal plant
It seems that given the chance, we are legions ready to mass against one another.
Buy soon or you may miss the chance.
Though if the user uses a high threshold value while using GeneCore, s/he will increase the chances to retrieve orthologous genes.
yeah i assure you it it can it can and and the chances you know because we've been through a lot of the the court battles and all this other stuff over the years because they're behind bars now but
According to Faludi's acknowledgements, Backlash began as a story for the San Jose Mercury News's Sunday magazine debunking an unpublished academic study by David Bloom, a Harvard economist, and Patricia Craig, a Yale graduate student, purporting to show that never-married college-educated women faced, at age 30, only a 20 percent chance of getting hitched in their lifetimes.
A gene with a 100% chance of being divergent is assigned a value of -0.
yeah at least start saving and and start routing them to where at least they'll have a chance to get ahead
i don't know and these poor children are going to be fatherless forever and this guy ought chances are he he'll be out he'll be walking the streets and it's just doesn't
so in in a case like that uh given what crime they're guilty of uh yeah i could i could justify a death penalty for somebody who just has no chance of ever reforming or coming to grips with uh living in normal society
and then we'll we'll sell chances on it and then that pays for all of the mailing and everything that's concerned with it yeah it does it works out really good
i had a chance to terminate and uh L O A and back to L O A
and i don't know who was here or whether Jay just called a friend and we didn't think we'd have much chance of getting in but we thought we'd try it you know free movie
so i didn't i didn't get a chance to cook much and now that i'm home my mom's home so she cooks so
but uh yeah i may get a chance to try out some things i've never tried out before
and you know if you've got that sitting in your stomach i mean even when you sleep it's still sitting there digesting so you you kind of giving your stomach a chance to relax a bit and not have to work so hard to digest all that meat
yeah that's a good question i believe from what i remember of the literature they gave uh if you fail i believe they give you one more chance they probably give you a chance to explain yourself
it's more of an average so that that there's less chance of having a a bad one yeah
what they consider scientific methods to choose the right jurors to get the right results you know for their chance what do you think about that
i looked into going to Marquette also and had a chance to get a scholarship there but it would have only covered uh about a quarter of the cost of the first uh year which uh wasn't enough of a motivation to uh to go there to commit to to four years
and they know how to act i don't i don't think i'd chance it with my younger ones because they're just too much of a distraction and some restaurants are really trying to go for that atmosphere kind of thing and
so i guess people Jeep through that area and we didn't have a chance to do that but i sure would like to go back there and do that again
it's true that there's always that chance i guess
yeah i kind of miss that and we hadn't really had a chance lately to go
and uh so between reading to them and uh reading the newspaper and then i have a book that i'm occasionally reading when i get a chance but i just don't get a chance for those
yeah i do i just haven't had a chance to get back
and i think at this point i am for that as long as you know they've had all the chances they need to have on appeals and
and i was oh i was ever so impressed with the campus in fact it was a two day trip and between appointments i got a chance to walk around and see it
on whether at what point do they become so detrimental to society that society can't afford to keep them around to keep giving them chances
slight chance you think
and there's no way to measure that i mean you you know you the only way is to take the chance and see what happens forty years from now and who knows what kind of havoc you've created
you don't you don't even know who those other mothers are chances are they're like little cousins you know or brothers and sisters and yet they never see one another again
yeah i had all these huge i we always were up in the nose bleed seats so we never got a chance to get too close but
uh take that as a challenge which is the way most teams naturally you know naturally do uh and and just go out and and not give anybody a chance to beat them so
oh my chances of getting another job are just really slim
uh when i have a chance i watch those on uh i guess Sixty Minutes is usually on Sundays and uh i just like to see you know who they are raking over the coals
that's true and there really are criminals that are hard-core and repeat and never never have any chance for
so any any anybody that says life in prison with no chance of parole i'd say uh give them the death penalty
i think there's an eighty percent chance this evening but it's supposed to be cleared out at least by noon tomorrow and then the rest'll be
we didn't get a chance but um we've got the swings and had a trampoline
or those who have committed a murder who are who will do it again because they've they've said you know when a person's murdered somebody out of cold blood the chances are they would do it again because they feel no remorse
uh yes i do and sometimes most of the time i tear them out a lot of times if uh you know if i got a chance to sit down at my typewriter i'll go ahead and type out recipes but
uh i feel that uh that that music should take chances in one way or another
right right did you see Sixty Minutes tonight by any chance
it was so many of them in it that at any particular chance your chance of having to do something was very slim it was very slim and so
oh yes i didn't get a chance to see that
uh jail sentence for them is just another chance to uh
yeah but but the other side to that is if you put him in prison for life there's a chance that he might
i do too and and you know but the way the courts are set up they've they've got so many chances for appeal but i think that i think it needs to be expedited you know if they've been convicted and given them appeal
and and i i mean by saying i like them i like their chances i i actually don't like the Dodgers i'm a Giants fan from from way back
you know i think he uh he could should he could have taken more chances this year
oh well we we've just got slight chances of rain
and once a week we get together and this is a chance when the kids can say whatever they want without us getting insulted about it
right if you don't go and vote then you know very good chance that they they will because a lot of the people like that
and uh so if if there's no one else around you know it's just me and i have a chance to listen to something i'll turn that on but uh just for the for the conversation factor i think
then uh and the importance of it because okay if you don't vote for your friend over here well your friend's not going to have a chance
just never got a chance to come out no
stove to cook breakfast at six o'clock the next morning with and that's about as close to camping as i really have much of a chance to get right now
but uh that's that's wild though i'll have to see if i can't get a a chance to go
um i have one but i haven't really had a chance to talk to her about that for a while
the past we've had homes that haven't had any side walks and um it's been a little more country with the trees and we do miss that um if we had a chance to move i think we'd move back to somewhere that it
i haven't been to any uh since i've been out of college um and it usually the concerts that have come up lately i have been out of town uh traveling so i just haven't had the chance to go to any
so well there's a good chance if they if they ask you about it you know i would i wouldn't just come out and say i think the guys guilty
with just about anyone you know i can go out and stand a chance of winning a dime off of Jack Nicholas
oh you know the chances of her being able to go her father's and i alma mater are pretty slim i'm afraid you know it uh
for students who who need a chance to be forced to fend for themselves
uh no i don't think the Cowboys have got a chance i think they will probably win one or two more games than they did this year and they'll get close to it they'll probably get everybody's hopes up and blow it toward the end
put in a rehabilitation program when there's really a very small chance of rehabilitation that that they're coddled for too long and they get the kind of courtesies of our society that that
i was just wondering were you in SAC by any chance
not a whole lot of chances otherwise
that if they're in prison that gives you the chance to um get into the person's mind
you know be wealthier uh he also has a new book out that i purchased right before i moved and haven't had a chance to uh crack it open yet um
yeah well i haven't get a chance i haven't got a chance to look at them yet
you know i just i i don't think i'd take that chance
yeah this this program you know encompasses everything but you know i thought you know it's not an instant dismissal if you are found to be taking drugs which i think you know is good and it's good on TI TI's part as i said i think they give you three chances
and you have less less chance of of hurting yourself
i think the chance for misspending is greater
the uh better chance you have at at curing it and that's just not true
well i think now when both are working they have a more chance more of a chance of working together because they're starting out that way
and then it's also a chance to get out with your buddies and drink beer and play radio all night
we just can't afford to have repeated uh even even in the remote chance of repetition
uh but just that they were able to do it you know and even today i think the chance for education is is so much uh better for all of our girls and and boys too but but the girls especially
so you don't get a chance to to spend much time with him then until when he comes home
well she she likes to go camping but we just haven't really had a chance to really go camping
and the doctor said you didn't do anything there's only a one in five hundred chance that the radiologist will call you that was Tuesday night and Wednesday night the radiologist called me at work and uh i was on crutches and he said i think you better call an orthopedist
and i've never had a chance to i have been in cars that have had them but i've never tromped on the brakes to see uh you know on ice or water just to see if they didn't lock up
you know and here it was like pretty much you could schedule some activity outside anytime and you really didn't have too much of a chance of it getting rained out
i you know in that case then i'm all for putting them behind bars as long as there's no chance of parole but you know what it's like when they
i don't know i just think the chances of that happening are pretty slim of course it's it's not reversible uh obviously but uh i just think the way the system is set up uh
well what what do you think the chances of of drugs ever diminishing uh because a lot of it i feel that they catch the people that handling drugs but they're not catching the people that bring in drugs into the country
yeah yeah i i think he's got a very good chance so there's a lot of people here pulling for him
oh that's excellent excellent you know that they're getting a chance
maybe you'll get a chance to go again
i'm afraid to take the chance when i go down there
yet there's a greater chance that he'll be back out on the streets in twelve years
kind of most of them are reruns and you know stuff like that that's why i kind of stick to the movies if they're good uh that one sounds good though that was on last night i didn't get a chance to i didn't get home till ten so yeah
completely slaughter a family and there's always got to be one person saying that they should have a chance to live and that the person who did the murdering should have a chance to live and i just don't think that's right i think it just makes me
yeah that's yeah quorums are to easy to get and there's always that that chance that one or two people could be playing devil's advocate for a good reason you know so it's it's yeah definitely
oh uh-huh well i would imagine at a certain point too you were probably able to care for each other in in like pseudo parent roles so that you had a chance to
drive everybody all around But that was cool because it gave us a chance to to get to know the other kids and really see how they were like instead of just what they were like at home
yeah have a chance more chance to relax
you uh have to learn you aren't given the chance to you know screw off all the time
yeah well the the chances are these are all all things they're very familiar with and just the chance to have some entertainment and some some variety in their life
well i think now when both are working they have a more chance more of a chance of working together because they're starting out that way
you know like Steve uh Steve Meister and and it's like wherever i go anymore i've uh i get got a chance not only to to visit a few companies and all that around here and uh
do you find it uh do do you find you have much chance to read for for just pleasure or mostly for business
um i myself am no fool i didn't want to hurt myself why would anybody want to take a chance it is a dangerous thing i took a uh National Rifle Association course on
if i had a chance
but i haven't i haven't had a chance to read a lot lately either i have read uh mostly novels i went to visit my daughter in Florida and i took a novel with me oh
well you see that stuff what eventually take over everything and literally kill off large old trees if it gets the chance
and we got uh uh and Good Friday came along i think uh in about nineteen seventy we got a chance to vote on it and we had to vote on on that versus the Friday after Thanksgiving because we didn't get that day then
jury jury trials are going to use whatever they can use to try uh to improve their chances and and you know it's get it's
i really like the idea of young people getting a chance to
and it it it just isn't chance taking enough for me
there is a chance for rehabilitation
you know they really don't have much of a chance at all and
and then maybe give you another chance to go through it
at least you got a chance to outrun them that way
um take care of it has a chance to to grow really fast
well it um i mean you can't give anyone too many chances and i think he has gone over the limit
oh jeez it is supposed to be eighteen degrees tonight i was thinking about you all the way home from our class just got home from our computer class hey i mean what are the chances of this happening
uh the biggest gripe in TI is the benefits package but as i go looking at other companies as i've i've had a chance to do uh it's really not all that bad
does it i've heard a lot of discussions about this and i guess the scariest part of it is the chance of a false positive
and the stuff that happened to them you know five years ago comes up and it spoils their chances for just making it a little better you know when they might be actually trying to improve their lives you know
uh i haven't had a chance to
and then i i really enjoy sewing but i don't get much of a chance to just really sit down and do much sewing how about you
always count on the fact you know or or there's a good chance you're gonna get off and so
so now you have the chance to really create and and spread out
uh oh it's kind of like My Left Foot if you had a chance to see that it's very much like that you know it focuses on an individual who has
golly gee this is a set up for absolutely the worst chance
i know and it was serious mine too i wasn't this was it my last chance
you can't but at least you've got a chance whereas if they say for six weeks you don't have a job because you tested positive
did you see Sixty Minutes by any chance on um
i agree i think it also gives a woman a chance to if she does have a job a nd a career it gives the man and the wife both a chance to both be working and maybe save up some money and then it gives her a little more option if she wants to stay home with the children while they're young
then that chance should should be investigated
you think you prefer the jury you think your chances are better
yeah my mom um she's a housewife and well there's twelve kids in my family so my mom never could really work you know because she was kind of pregnant from day one she never really had a chance to work
no it wasn't on the way across Louisiana we pulled off we saw a billboard and just pulled off taking a chance on a place
if you if you both of you have a firearm you've at least got that fifty percent chance
got a chance to to go outside and
no i uh i'll take my chances with it course now where i where i'm at now i don't have to worry about the lawn because they got somebody that comes in and does it
i don't know don't know when i'm going to get a chance to do that but
right there should be some sort of program they can go into to try to clean themselves up and be given a second chance
oh well we we've just got slight chances of rain but uh we had the we had the hard thunderstorms the other morning course while everybody was getting ready to go to work
you know sense about you then even if you did the exact same crime chances are you wouldn't get you'd get life instead of the death penalty as a opposed to somebody who couldn't communicate well
uh you know i uh he didn't have a chance here in Dallas because my gosh Aikman was the number one choice number one draft choice uh and with a long term six year contract
i i mean i was ready to put the guy guy away forever but i was dealing with people who said well if it were my son i'd want him to have another chance
well um i just bought a home so i've just now went out and purchased my brand new lawn mower and um so i've been assembling it and haven't had a chance to get out there and and test it out
so it uh has worked out quite well and it's a chance to see some of the relatives you don't see all year long except that once a year
i know that's the that's the thing and we thought about that and we thought well we're just gonna kind of i guess take our chances and hopefully end up on the better end of the deal
warm movie it it really just turned out nicely so i would recommend that if you have a chance
and uh i he with no chance for parole
i agree i think it also gives a woman a chance to if she does have a job a nd a career it gives the man and the wife both a chance to both be working and maybe save up some money and then it gives her a little more option if she wants to stay home with the children while they're young
a uh uh a syndicated thing that's run by a group that operates here in Washington uh but if you have any public radio stations in your area chances are pretty good
and and we don't want you know it'd be be stabilized to the point where Iran will say now is our chance you know go in and wipe them out and
and so i never had a chance and even when i was in school of course i always had classes about that time so i never had a chance but General Hospital huh is one to get hooked on if you're going to get hooked
well i don't know you think you'd you think you'd uh go up in space you had a chance
the you know i kind of get the i get some kind of global benefit from the whole thing by saying well i'm lowering my chance of heart attack and thus that type stuff
the labs that are performing the test how adequate uh are those facilities and uh is is always it is it always a chance i know that what they call um the i think it's called the chain of custody
chances are what do you think uh how much of the vote do you think he's going to get and do you think he will take it more from the Republicans or the Democrats
in a way that happened this past season and i think there's quite a bit of optimism around here that still there's a chance that maybe uh
yeah have a chance more chance to relax
and i just here's my chance to giggle boy it's a good thing we didn't elect that Dukakis guy because i mean
consumer products or whatever you'd you'd have an equal chance of being tested
no i think the Cowboys have a good chance to really um
a second chance with it or something because most things will stay in your system for a long time
um think if uh Yeltsin has a chance and if they can follow his lead in the other republics or whatever they want to call themselves now
what what happens if you were to fail then do they give you like one chance one more chance or two more chances
yeah yeah that's about all i get a chance for between that and um uh Bible study as often as i can that's about the bulk of it
it gives you a chance to feel like you're a part of a group or the organization and that you're heard
as it is here i sort of resent the effort to you know collect everything until i have a chance to get down to the DPW yard and drop it off you know it's not a huge inconvenience but it's just one more thing to do
oh i guess so i've only had uh one other chance at this thing and
yeah oh definitely it gives you a chance
but there's always a chance that you forget and have to justify it later
uh-huh was this Spiegel by any chance
they're charging they're making a man look guilty before he's even given a chance to hear his side of the story but
Sacramento still has a chance i guess of getting a team someday
well actually i think it's good i i i hope that we uh uh get a chance to uh promote peace out there
yeah my last right right my last chance to win ten million dollars so i figured hey look for twelve dollars you know
