They eventually reached the islands, and founded colonies on the islands in the northernmost part of the Aegean Sea.
Massive tidal waves swept over Crete, and other parts of the Mediterranean, smashing buildings and drowning many thousands of people.
The Aegean Islands played their part.
Greece moved in to administer the land, but a new influence upset any grand dreams of making this region a part of greater Greece.
Finally, Greece was ousted from its new territory in Asia Minor, which became part of the new Turkish state.
After the war, in 1949, the Dodecanese islands finally became part of the Greek nation.
Even after the summer sessions come to a close, Jameson campers will take part in year-round programs designed to keep that positive contact with peers and role models alive and important.
Please, make a tax deductible gift to Community Centers of Indianapolis in 1999, and know that COMPANY is playing an important part in meeting the needs of its community.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
You are an important part in making sure these young people are matched with caring adult mentors.
This diminishes-- slightly-- the significance of Norma Kelsey's possible motives in verifying parts of Broaddrick's story.
The Wall Street Journal states that the plaintiffs' lawyers hired by Texas to try the case will receive as part of the deal almost $2.
Though a number of agencies had some part of the task, none had security as its primary mission.
The CENTCOM commander told us he renewed his appeal for further military planning to respond to Iraqi moves shortly after 9/11, both because he personally felt that Iraq and al Qaeda might be engaged in some form of collusion and because he worried that Saddam might take advantage of the attacks to move against his internal enemies in the northern or southern parts of Iraq, where the United States was flying regular missions to enforce Iraqi no-fly zones.
Typical of the American influence is the 1789 French Declaration of the Rights of Man, which provides in the second part of Article 6: “The law must be the same for everyone, regardless whether it serves to protect or to punish.”
African Americans were part of the public, and they should be entitled, as a matter of equality with others, to have access to public transport, theaters, and hotel accommodations.
Hi my name is Sandra Reid and I am part of a family of seven children, um, and my mom and dad have passed away.
even though they do a lot of the work themselves then just buying the parts and everything is is pretty expensive but for them it's it's sort of a hobby too to own them
And so it's your understanding that the Pennsylvania state standards require students to learn about Darwin's theory of evolution and eventually take a standardized test of which that theory is a part of it?
Well, on the authentication, let's take it in two parts.
That part would be in partnership with family and community.
So it gives this whole illusion of secrecy to the process, which, you know, may be a big part of the problem.
Webster's Third New International Dictionary lists about 500 Yiddish words that have become part of our everyday conversations, including:
Unfortunately, the presentation of his linguistic argument, where the author is clearly treading on more speculative ground than in those parts dealing with outright archaeology, where he is on more familiar territory, is disorganized and repetitious.
In part, that is attributable to the designation of his correspondents, who keep him informed on language that is not within earshot, as the “Lexicographic Irregulars,” an amusing reference the first time or two it was used but now beginning to cloy.
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press, where we read about people being killed, as in parts of India, because they use the wrong shibboleths.
Uh-huh, that's because that's the creative part.
The Muslim majority in the Vale of Kashmir and Gilgit made it part of Pakistan, but the greater part of the eastern region around Jammu was Hindu, as was the maharaja.
And this house right here was just being built and parts of the roof had blown off if it.
Sewing rooms are generally arranged in rows of workers, each seated at a machine doing one operation on a bundle of parts.
In a subarctic land of soaring mountains and elongated glacial lakes beside the great Yukon River, today’s tourists can thank yesterday’s prospectors for using part of their paydirt for some essential creature comforts.
And these ties, coupled with our classroom experience, are a valuable part of our DePauw education.
Yeah you make this left turn and you driving for about five miles, and then you past part of the lake, you go on down and then you see the mailbox.
Apparel parts, trim pieces, buttons, zippers, and thread arrive at one end of the room and are separated for each operation, or subassembly.
The hardscrabble town and area around it scarcely look the part of a fabled beach resort with a Mediterranean feel.
As you know, the Annual Fund is an integral part of Cathedral's financial infra-structure each year.
And, um, and then there was a part of it too where I felt like she looked beautiful in wearing what she was wearing.
The business enterprises that emerged in the American retail, apparel, and textile industries were, for the most part, separated.
In 1670 the Spanish officially ceded Jamaica to British rule as part of the Treaty of Madrid, and the British began a systematic process of settlement, offering land and aid to prospective settlers.
Stay a part of it by renewing your gift to SPEA and sending the enclosed contribution reply card.
As founding general partner and chief scientist, I duly authorized the expenditure of $. to buy a largish box of Lego parts.
Scottish banking has long been held in high regard, and it still plays an important part in the world of finance.
Rather, it allows us to feel energized and be pleased that we chose to be a part of a school that has achieved national recognition.
The only stories I remember about Grandmom Mackton would be uh, when uh, Grandpop Mackton uh, he was a watch repairman and so forth and this was even actually before my time, I remember this just being translated to me from my dad um, my sisters Marsha and Rayona would be over there visiting with my mom and dad, and Grandpop would be working on a watch and he'd drop a part.
The increased volatility of producer and consumer prices in a number of sectors since 1995 has been attributed in part to the adoption of new inventory polices related to lean retailing.
Built in the 16th century and formerly the Old Customs House (Alfândega Velha), the oldest parts of this building lie inside the imposing gateway.
It is part of the Center's effort to serve the needs of communities directly by training those 'who are responsible for sustaining philanthropy at the grassroots.
But, um, because the, the general consensus was that she was too scared or somehow felt insecure and she couldn't be a part of the world they never, they never said, "Oh, she, she did this because this is what she believes."
“By the 1930s the charro costume became an institutionalized part of the Mariachi tradition when the government required Mariachis performing for official functions to wear charro outfits” (1993, 17).
But before any of these were the Costa Blanca’s first inhabitants: Known as Neanderthal men, they lived primitively and spent a large part of their time hunting.
Like mine, your ties to DePauw are a part of a proud tradition on a campus where the sense of history is treasured.
And eventually they, they were, Livingston, in his older, in his old age, was relegated to the, to the kitchen in the sub-basement of the building because they sold it to, to some woman in New Orleans, but they'd kept that part of the building and he loved it, that was, for him that was like, that was the greatest.
South of El Centro, yet still considered to be a part of Viejo Vallarta, is the area alternately known as “Los Muertos” and “Zona Romántica.”
They said that because of those high school trips to the IRT, they have made professional theatre an integral part of their cultural lives.
This church was destroyed in the struggle with the Turks, and, for all its massive dimensions (or perhaps because of its size), the only part of the current structure that generates an ancient atmosphere is the rather spooky crypt.
Won't you be a part of extending the promise with your gift today?
He grew up, um, to be a very, um, close animal to us, but because we played with him so much he really thought that he was part of the family and he belonged really wherever we were.
From Front Street, a ten-minute walk up the steep incline of King Street leads to Fort Hamilton, which was built in 1889 to protect the harbor and formed part of a line of defense for the naval dockyard to the west.
I hope that dreams of flying and pirates and fairy-dust are still part of the magic of childhood.
Um, probably starting in high school it did, because my high school English teacher um, is a published author and is very popular in that part of the country.
Illusion has been a part of architecture ever since the ancient Greeks made columns with a gently swelling taper to deceive the eye.
Although Jerusalem was reunited after the Six Day War in 1967, East Jerusalem and other parts of the city previously held by Jordan retain their Arab way of life.
Throughout the Convention, Inner Circle members will take part in a number of unique events, including a tour of NASA's Houston facility, and the formal event of the week, the Red, White & Boots Gala.
The first one I ever saw had a bird braid, with a part of the A model.
But the biosphere is part of the physical universe, and the exapted wings of Gertrude the flying squirrel are manifestly observables, albeit classical observables.
However, plans are afoot to knock down and rebuild part of the area and restore some of the square’s former vitality.
In parts of the Southwest, children were disciplined by parents who narrated scary stories of The Black Hand.
The Nine Dragon Wall (Jiulongbi), a Ming landmark (1392), stands in the old part of town among the narrow streets lined by single-story houses.
The Indiana General Assembly also has played an important part, appropriating $10 million for the program.
I believe it was a woolen mill because, in SC, oh, in a lot of parts of the Carolinas there were a lot of different types of mills: cotton mills, woolen mills.
The lore of Mexicanidad has migrated to the United States from Mexico with the waves of immigration in the last 100 years, and lo Mexicano forms part of the identity of all Chicanos.
Much more interesting and exciting is to continue on about 25 miles to Tetuan, Morocco, parts of which seem to have remained unchanged for centuries.
This coming January, you will take part in all the glitter and glamour of the official Presidential Inaugural, including the swearing in ceremony, Inaugural Parade, and the Inner Circle Black Tie Ball on January 19th.
Well she, part of the fifth grade, teachers had pretty much required, five-word, that you learn five words a day, 25 words a week.
It may be that the statute had its origin, in part, in the belief that employers and employees in such establishments were not upon an equal footing, and that the necessities of the latter often compelled them to submit to such exactions as unduly taxed their strength.
While this is essentially true, Hinduism in the Kathmandu Valley and other parts of the Middle Hills is inextricably interwoven with Nepal’s unique form of pantheistic Buddhism.
Thirty-five years is a long time to have been a part of the law school community.
And that is the Southern house, hospitality and the people are, for the most part, warm and friendly and, um, and, and that's been a just a, a really a nice, nice part about moving here.
On the right side of La Rambla is the old Hotel Oriente, which preserves part of the 17th century cloister of a Franciscan school inside.
I hope that you agree that these activities are essential to being a part of a world community.
What part of the story did you like the most?
Piñatas have traditionally been a part of birthday and Christmas celebrations, but are now also brought out for other holidays.
As befits the City of Plentiful Water, ponds make up the better part of the terrain.
Now consider all the primitive construction or deconstruction operations, pressing two parts together or adding a primitive part to a growing assemblage, or taking a part o another part or o an assemblage.
She was responsible for making sure the house got clean and the chores got done and to make sure we played a part in that, and of course she was going to make sure we did our part.
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable, positive and important part of each child's life for an entire decade.
As it has been an exciting year for all of us, MCCOY, Inc. cannot do its part without the support of organizations like yours.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited once again to be an integral part of this fabulous event as a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
For her part, Rabinowitz explains to Chatterbox that her efforts on behalf of the Times were more indifferent than the Times made them sound.
The Wall Street Journal "Outlook" observes, "In the U.S. job market, the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers," and states that "the retention frenzy was triggered in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing," which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers, which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries.
Even nonsports fans will be affected, notes the Journal , because ESPN is usually part of basic cable service.
From the White House staff, National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice and Chief of Staff Card were part of the core group, often joined by their deputies, Stephen Hadley and Joshua Bolten.
Warren’s Shaft, part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th-century archaeologists and open to visitors, might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David’s army.
A more powerful central government was a critical part of the new constitutional order.
So we only had the one necklace and we, er, we decided, I don't know if it was jointly or if Kathy was just extremely nice of whatever, but she said I could wear it part of the time.
now the part about where you said the apartment complex puts up signs that says no soliciting i've even gone so far as to put that i've got a storm door on the front of the house and i've put in
I would like to do that, because of my own health conditions, maybe on Friday in terms as to a deposition, if that works within anybody's schedule, and then maybe the latter part of next week.
The statement that the school district developed to be read as part of the biology class, is it your understanding that the statement that was drafted in January, 2005, or for use in January, 2005, was modified in June of 2005?
That is where another part of Dover's mission statement comes into play.
Yeah, part of it.
Many a raucous snigger has been sniggered from the pure-minded use of a word that suggests unmentionable parts of the human body.
In the first chapter of Uncle Tom's Cabin , Miss Stowe offers a dialogue between Haley and Mr. Shelby, part of which goes, “ `Well,' said Haley, after they had both silently picked their nuts for a season, `what do you say?
For the most part, the book consists of a rewriting of history, from the dawn of time, with the purpose of demonstrating two main themes: the “fact” that women were responsible for all the important contributions to the advancement of civilization (as the development of agriculture, for instance), often despite the arrogance and stupidity of men; and the “fact” that women have long been subjected to domination by men.
There were also some other parts of speech: one definition for the preposition and three for the verb (participial) senses.
As for stalemate , which is related to checkmate , would it not have been important to indicate that the - mate part has nothing to do with English, having been borrowed from checkmate which is a loanword from Persian (and has nothing to do with check , either).
released to the streets without papers or money, Siegfried Rheinfahrt is now derelict, homeless in the part of the Bundestadt that he least understands.
well it was for a while the worst part about it was we had to do it when i got to the sink part over here what i did was i left this cabinet
American foreign policy is part of the message.
In the first affidavit, starting at Paragraph 41, you'll find a list of components that are allegedly part of Internet Explorer.
If we are all part of God," as the saintly Mrs. Cresswell said, "then God must indeed be horrible.
but isn't it part of our income it's not part of our taxes
As part of their approval of the change, supervisors or designees must verify that the dates and amounts of material changes have been recorded in the appropriate T&A record.
And because we conservatives view ourselves as part of nature--albeit a quirky, self-conscious bit of it--we feel we have the honor and privilege of tussling with it.
This is a point which should be appreciated by well-meaning anthropologists who have bad experience in the difficulties of field-work in various parts of the world.
you know you can you can still get factory original parts
As part of its mission within the state's civil justice community, Columbia Legal Services is responsible for providing lowincome people in Washington State with the ability to define, assert, promote and enforce a full range of legal rights within Washington's civil justice system.
The Internet will undoubtedly be a crucial part of the economy of the next century.
The letter, in part:
use your own lungs don't borrow mine to take part in your air
However, he also noted that parts of the electronic system for the organic standards rule were developed by a contractor using proprietary software, and because USDA does not own the application, even AMS cannot use it for other rulemakings.
But maybe, just maybe, in some circuitous and stealthy way, Not-Knowing will play its part in revising that lapse, prompting young readers in particular to seek out the best work of an American original, part philosophe and part banana.
This is one of the best, and interesting parts of his book.
and i i wish i could hear more about your historian part of your life because that sounds really fascinating to me i'm interested in that
''My part in the firm is not to generate income,'' he said.
The central part of the weapon was manufactured, says the paper, by a company in Maine presided over by a man who had been the state finance chairman for George W. Bush before his day job became an issue.
Wendell and Cass, however, take no part in these cunning schemes.
oh well he made it at fifty it was a magic number for him and and uh he went at fifty and he still works part time at other thing you know
Second, if federal budget surpluses are achieved, in part, through higher taxes, those higher taxes reduce households' disposable personal income.
Describing Indonesian military intervention in West Kalimantan, an Indonesian-controlled territory on the island of Borneo plagued by ethnic and religious conflict, the paper said that "armed mobs paraded the severed heads of their victims through villages" and that "the bridges in one town had been hung with the dismembered parts of the victims' bodies."
Brain, eyes, ears, whiskers are some of the body parts that help the manatee sense the world.
decided to carve up that part of the world and call part of it Persia and part of it uh Iraq and part of it something else you know and they they split things along um
One group of compounds—integrins—are a central part of these interactions.
Clinton, for his part, got the public back-patting he craved just 11 days before the November elections.
He makes it clear that these customs functioned to make young people part of community religious and social life and compares them to Jewish circumcision.
you know part of that problem i think is still you know uh like Japan still does not let us compete fairly in their country
Finally, BLAST searches identified a S. cerevisiae putative protein, yo1042 (accession number NP_014600), and an A. thaliana predicted protein (ara1g02270; accession number At1g02270) which disclose similarity with the C-terminal part of the yCCR4 protein (29% and 25%, respectively), but which do not cluster in an unambiguous manner with any protein from the four families (Fig.
Good reviews, for the most part, for the autobiography of one of hip-hop's most successful artists: "An amusing, contemplative memoir" that paints "a surprisingly humanistic portrait" of the crack dealer turned platinum-selling musician ( Kirkus Reviews ). The tales of his misspent youth and rise to fame are "eloquently told" (Michael Harris, the Los Angeles Times ). One reviewer splits from the pack and delivers a withering pan: "[T]he ability to sell a lot of records has almost nothing to do with insight or maturity.
In fact, the coincidence of the English adverb connoting radical excavation of the underlying ground of animal life with the noun denoting the bottom part of the human body-not counting the lower extremities-entered his mind, spiced with a mild frisson of pride at the "primitive" adaptation that efficaciously coordinated involuntary peristaltic motion and voluntary bearing down and pushing to achieve evacuation.
yeah yeah and i just i was just wondering demographically if you know if different parts if there were shows that were more popular than in other areas i don't know like where you live um you know what are the real
Multiple bands also appear in both the SMI-31 and RT-97 lanes, although for the most part the antibodies do not appear to label the same bands.
It is good to know that, partly through the energetic offices of Henry Louis Gates, black studies can, as it were, pay its way these days and not be dependent for its existence on a kind of political and cultural moralism on the part of whites and a kind of fetishlike piety on the part of blacks.
In addition, students will participate in original research on sexual subcultures in this city and in other parts of the world.
i don't think that i could sit on a jury and be part of sentencing someone to death
Patients with alcohol problems in the emergency department, part 1: improving detection.
The appeal is not to the House of Lords, with its mixture of hereditary and appointed-for-life peers (the hereditary part is soon to be swept away by New Labor).
The girl has a reputation for being too mannish, and her mother and father are dead set on female genital mutilation; it is going to be part of an initiation rite, accompanied by explicit teaching about the girl's role in her particular Kenyan society," Vyvyan shudders. "
we have uh mini van and the door the sliding door on it has never worked right and we've had it back twice to have parts replaced and stuff and they just can't
The variability is in part due to degradation, discussed above, and in part due to the low absorbances at [UCB] below the saturation limit in some buffer/DMSO systems.
Watts has been elevated within the Republican Party in part because of his race.
"A mute non-explosion when an aperture dilates in the cave wall, admitting us to the other part of the world, the part where all is alive, all we see, hear, touch, taste, smell, lift, set down, pound or caress" M, 17
yeah what do you think about uh you know the second part of that question was are they doing a good job
It may be hard to detect outbreaks that affect only a small part of a single zip code, especially if the background rate of the syndrome is fairly high.
Fossils found in other parts of the world may be as old as 60 million years.
was part of that
As the policy review moved forward, the planned covert action program for Afghanistan was included in the draft presidential directive, as part of an "Annex A" on intelligence activities to "eliminate the al Qaeda threat."
(Click here to see how these statements could instead form part of a legal defense.)
"A mute non-explosion when an aperture dilates in the cave wall, admitting us to the other part of the world, the part where all is alive, all we see, hear, touch, taste, smell, lift, set down, pound or caress" M, 17
well we we spend uh part of our time camping every year we go up into an area and our whole family goes
Interestingly, PLD activity is upregulated in the hippocampus of rats whose mothers consumed a choline-supplemented diet during pregnancy [ 33 ] . Given that prenatal choline supplementation improves memory and attention [ 34 ] , two cognitive functions that require the hippocampal cholinergic system, it is possible that the upregulated PLD pathway underlies, at least in part, the cognitive enhancement observed in the prenatally choline-supplemented animals.
These active languages tend to be those spoken in the north and the west of Australia, in those parts of the country where the Aborigines have been most able to retain their traditional way of life.
The dugong inhabits coastal regions in the tropical parts of the Old World, but some individuals go into the fresh water of estuaries and up rivers.
so i i guess what we've decided is that we're doing our part by recycling three and going out of our area way but to have to go clear across town for plastic because
The phosphorylated beta-2 receptor enhances the binding of beta-arrestin, which not only uncouples the receptor from the signal transduction process but also serves as an adapter protein that mediates entry into the internalization pathway [ 5 ] , as well as serving as a platform for additional signaling pathways [ 6 ] . The mechanisms of beta-2 adrenergic receptor down-regulation appear to involve both an increase in the rate of degradation of the receptor as well as a decrease in the levels of beta receptor mRNA [ 7 ] . Down-regulation of the beta-2 receptor is, in part, due to trafficking of the beta-2 receptor to lysosomes via the clathrin-coated pit endosomal pathway [ 8 9 ] .
There's a legend about a place called "Spook Hill," where ghosts supposedly help push your car to the summit, and one about Confederate soldiers dumped in a well, and one about a mythical beast called the Snallygaster--part reptile, part bird, part octopus, with "huge jaws" and "razor sharp teeth."
The Beatles neat appearance belied their snotty, grotty sarcastic resistance to the parts of life we agreed were uncool.
right through the downtown part of New Braunfels
On appeal, the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part.
The second part of I-695 achieved disintermediation: It prevents any state or local jurisdiction from raising taxes or fees without a vote of the people.
A National Geographic magazine on the coffee table tells them, "Aggravating the current conflict is a drought that has hit parts of Kenya hard, prompting President Mwai Kibaki to declare a state of emergency recently."
that was probably the best part of the news was the uh some of the person human interest stories
For all three possible unrooted tree topologies maximum-likelihood values and posterior probabilities were calculated using in-house JAVA programs that were written utilizing classes from the Phylogenetic Analysis Library version 1.0 [ 54 ] and parts of Vanilla package version 1.0 [ 54 ] . If not indicated otherwise, likelihood values were estimated using the automatically selected suitable substitution model (chosen from BLOSUM62, CPREV, Dayhoff, JTT, MTREV24, VT and WAG) with no ASRV.
They did snooty culture--the San Diego Polo Club, a topiary company, and a firm that specializes in fancy British car parts.
In particular, the women have been seized and burned as witches-all part of the male-supremacist purge of women's leadership in spreading the real, revolutionary93 news of the gospels.
and parts of Vermont um they showed pictures of of extensive tree damage that they attributed to acid rain um
Patients will be a much more active part of care.
It may seem unfortunate to discard entries that, no matter the frequency or currency of the term, are part of the record of English, but such is necessary in any commercial dictionary venture.
How exciting to think that a part of the human brain was evolved from the fish, and how plausible, looking past the gnostoc into the cold waters of the Lake, that humans would be happier if they lived there without the elaboration of aggressive behaviors exhibited by the savage boys in gym class.
and she had to pay out of state tuition and i think that would have uh played a real big part in my decision
The results presented here are consistent with studies demonstrating activity-based changes in receptors as reported for other parts of the nervous system [ 21, 23, 24, 25, 41].
For the most part, what is irreverent, scatological, or pornographic in French sounds benign, and is, of course, plein d'esprit .
Lemmy, under some suspicion after he was seen cruising on weekends around the glory hole booths at XTC Video, in Daytona Beach, is made part of a delegation to Kuala Lumpur to facilitate the smuggling of a dugong to a dentist's waiting room in Marin Co.
for men who did sex crimes they should take off a piece of his body and the most important part to a man and inch by inch
This inappropriate and un-level playing field was addressed in part of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation.
oran-kori `without a date': oran `no one's there' + kori, the “-choly” part of melancholy
"What you don't know is that he has convinced his followers that a part of their brain, originally evolved in fishes, was passed in a distorted way to humans, causing aggressive behavior.
back through Silverton and Durango and oh it was fun it was so relaxing and a really neat part of the country and the kids were old enough to really enjoy it our
Our data suggested that the C73 locus may have acquired its trans-silencing activity as part of an epigenetic transition from type E to type C silencing between the T1 and T3 generations.
A big part of the stories is his condemnation of the U.S. embargo of the island.
' No part of this is any more or less 'real' or objective.
it's kind of the hard part uh at these parties they tend to want to sit around or stand around and talk or uh drink and talk or whatever and
See discussion supra Part II(C)(1).
He accepts lesser parts in bad movies ( Call of the Wild ) and worse television ( The Colbys , a short-lived, dreadful Dynasty spinoff).
Voice over, through the radio in the car, on the television at the airport, in the ambulance waiting outside the hospital, we hear part of an historic speech, in honor of Kenyatta Month:
right yeah no i um i i have both because that that's what i use all the time is Unix systems um versus the DOS but then i teach DOS classes uh at night uh-huh part time so
The storage silo is, by far, the largest part of the ACI system.
Given what we know about the way people use mental accounting in order to manage their money--putting different kinds of money into different kinds of accounts, rather than thinking about their money as part of a single account--it's hard to believe that people are out there spending lavishly because their 401Ks, which they know they won't be touching for decades, are flush.
Now you can picture the part out of a watch how small this is and for a guy that in his probably sixties at that point difficult for him to see, lighting in that day and time not being what it is now, of course he'd lose his part and he'd say, "Tootles," well first he'd have his fit, "Nothing but damn junk, junk, junk!"
A third feature is that we might consider specific Lego machines, made of Lego parts, each able to carry out one or more of the primitive gluing or ungluing operations.
It is all seen as part of a huge learning curve.
You are invited to become a part of this important new venture to strengthen this growing partnership of two great state universities in Indianapolis.
and the southern part of Italy everything is like that you know and no one has any money you know you just barely get by But everybody is like a big family and it's like it's just like that so that's why i liked it i guess i'm a little biased but i i i i i thought
In other words, the means necessary to achieve health are part and parcel of a right to health.
Bush, for his part, increased his national lead over John McCain slightly, but Gore's increased competitiveness could begin to hurt his standing in the GOP field, the Journal notes.
We went to Linville Caverns once and we went to Sliding Rock and Biltmore House and some of the other attractions that are up that way in the western part of the state.
Because fabric is generally the most expensive part of finished garments, the skill of the marker-maker is critical for achieving high cloth utilization and lower fabric costs.
Other exhibits include gilded thrones studded with precious stones, a pair of solid gold candlesticks set with 666 diamonds (one for each verse of the Koran), and reliquaries containing the hand and part of the skull of John the Baptist.
Having good students is only part of the picture.
and even when his job is not gonna be with people all day long he said it's just part of the uniform and the expected image that they have to dress
These findings indicate that prolonged neutrophil survival in the lung vasculature following endotoxin administration may be mediated, at least in part, by Mcl-1.
He suggests with a can't-we-all-just-get-along naiveté that they're really all part of the same family.
His books are centered in that part the country in New Mexico and specifically in the um, Hispanic culture.
Part of HCTAR’s research effort has resulted in new automatic marker-making software based on computational geometry techniques.
Winter sports have traditionally played a big part in the lives of Amsterdammers and people from North Holland.
But I'm also trying to teach them that they have to earn what they get, and to be part of making sure their lives are better."
ooh which where do you work which part
These results demonstrate that decreased lymphocyte proliferation in part may be due to increased levels of TGF-β in these patients.
The problem is particularly acute in some conservative circles, where belief in the liberal media conspiracy is part of the catechism.
There are still parts over there I still don't recognize.
Rather, an autonomous agent is more than the sum of its parts in the sense that a wide variety = indeed, an indefinite variety = of physical systems could be autonomous agents in the same sense, self-reproducing systems carrying out at least one work cycle.
Exca­va­tions have uncovered a 12th-century structure under part of the Palais de Justice.
Visiting Nurse Service has been a part of this community for over 85 years.
we uh put in a a storage room out in the in the back part of our hall here we took took part of the garage and turned it into inside of the house
PP2 is a serine/threonine phosphatase which dephosphorylates JNK during inflammatory cell signaling [ 19 ] , while MKP5 is a member of the dual specificity phosphatase family which selectively dephosphorylates stress activated MAP kinases including JNK [ 20 ] . The overexpression of these two phosphatases might contribute in part to the resistance of HL60/TLK286 by impairing the activity of JNK.
The attack did not provoke riots and further bloodshed, in part because the soldier was a lousy shot and failed to kill anyone, and in part because Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expeditiously phoned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to condemn the shooting.
What was your least favorite part of the story?
Bato was a word incorporated into the pachuco jargon of the 1940s, and it is still very much a part of Chicano vocabulary today.
Often reserved in part for package tours, these ships are also open to independent travelers, and staterooms can even be booked in advance overseas with such lines as Victoria Cruises.
all along the gulf coast from i guess from Galveston to Mayport they have uh shark tournaments and you know there's part either as part of or separate from
The replication enhancer that has been studied in fission yeast is part of the ura4 origin cluster - a group of three origins, called ars3003, ars3002 and ars3004 in their order from left to right upstream of the ura4 gene in the left portion of chromosome III (green boxes in Fig.
The first round of talks, held in Beijing Tuesday, was largely devoted to trading accusations over last week's naval skirmishes and complaining about the accommodations in the hotel, except for the part about the hotel.
Uh, we have family in all parts of the country or at least this part of the United, this part of the, uh, Eastern United States, in VA and KY.
Once the overall form of a building is determined—“the masterly, correct, and magnificent play of masses brought together in light”—there remains the question not only of what materials are to be used and how these will be assembled, but also of how the hundreds of parts of the building are to be designed: from the door frames and the window sills to the railings and the baseboards.
At these sights, though, you’ll invariably be part of a crowd, especially in high season (which grows every year).
If you're not already a partner and want to be a part of our future, we'd like to talk to you.
gee i don't know Dallas uh-huh where we have a little bit of humidity but not like the southern part of the state does because we're up the north of the Red River so
Part of the reason for this is the demand around the country for FBI help on criminal matters.
It expressed misgivings about a statement in Cairo by new Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak that he wanted to modify parts of the Wye agreement.
She's a religious background, religious background upbringing, which I cannot say I've been a part of.
The failure of most suppliers in the apparel industry to make inventory carrying costs an explicit part of their decision-making process remains a significant impediment to enhanced profitability.
As part of the settlement ending the war, Alsace and a portion of Lorraine were ceded to Germany.
Please use the enclosed pledge card and return envelope to become part of the mirror that IRT provides.
when they're not uh uh rehearsing or whatever for a part of the the play and then we'll kind of get together and and uh work out some small
PART A. GENERAL PROVISIONS.
When Great Britain next comes under criticism for having absconded with the Elgin Marbles from the Acropolis, we should expect their prominent display in the British Museum to be brought up as part of a value-added defense.
What were your least favorite parts of the story?
The textile sector has changed remarkably since World War II, in part because of the capital intensity and technological sophistication of textile equipment, much of which is automated.
Though physically part of the Louvre, the Musée des Arts Décoratifs is a separate museum with its own entrance at 107 Rue de Rivoli.
My dream is to see every American become part of the Olympic family, so please give whatever you can.
you know the government plays a big part in our economy and
See Part III(C).
There was the curiosity of being part of the first and last group of adults--as opposed to children at birthday parties--likely ever to pack this dining-establishment-cum-gaming-center again.
And like my family's a big part of it.
Consider the pile of unassembled bare Lego parts as the founder set, and place in “rank ” all the unique Lego objects that can be constructed from the founder set in a single construction step.
Intended for St. Peter’s Basilica as part of Michelangelo’s botched project for Pope Julius II’s tomb, the statue of the great biblical figure sits in awesome majesty.
Plus, the satisfaction of knowing you are doing your part to preserve the Earth's precious natural resources.
uh-huh well that's probably a bonus on our part
See Part II(F).
The hardest part of all is knowing what to look for when you watch television.
That's supposed to be part of an oil change, Stephanie.
The resulting heights form a fitness landscape over the genotype space, much as the Alps form a mountainous landscape over part of Europe.
But the best way to travel up — at least part of the way, if you’re too impatient to take 6 hours for the whole 80 km (50 miles) — is by the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, more popularly and humorously known as the “Toy Train,” which starts out at Siliguri, not far from Bagdogra.
School suspensions are down in Jefferson County and we are part of the answer (see attached article).
add and i add almost equal parts parmesan cheese
Underweight men also had lower YOL, but this group was not significantly different from the normal group, in part because of low sample size.
But the worst part is that Giuliani is screwing his own city.
Um, well my favorite part was the two staircases, one going up and one coming down, or there were three actually, one going nowhere, in between.
Can quantum geometries become coupled with one another or dierent parts of one quantum geometry become coupled, so to speak, and decohere?
Dublin north of the Liffey has its own atmosphere and, like the southern part of the city, some magnificent buildings, museums, and Dublin’s two most important theaters, the Abbey and the Gate.
i have a real problem with all the foreign aid that is going to the countries that really have no use for us i find that a total waste and part of the defense budget
The lobula plate contained a high density of fine GABA immunoreactive profiles, especially in the anterior part.
This slogan is part of a new multimillion-dollar campaign--to persuade whom to do what?
Um , I read, yes I admit it, I've read Louis L'Amour, uh, but mostly the Sackett novels, because that deals a lot with um, the part of the country that I was born and raised in.
Economic growth is part and parcel of the creativity of the universe as a whole.
Shows last up to four hours, but you can buy cheaper balcony tickets for just part of the program.
An integral part of that reputation has been the professional success of our alumni.
a non personal environment the ones that i've been to um i have been to one that seemed really you know warm and cozy but for the most part they've seemed you know no carpet on the floors and
None of the requests we received for assistance involved the actual payment part of the process, and therefore we are not covering that aspect in this document.
Other panelists included scripters of major screen mayhem: Steven De Souza ( Die Hard ); Callie Khouri ( Thelma and Louise ); Miguel Tejada-Flores ( Fright Night Part II ); William Mastrosimone ( Extremities ); Sy Gomberg ( When Willie Comes Marching Home ); moderator Dan Petrie Jr. ( Beverly Hills Cop ); and producer Sean Daniel ( The Mummy ). The audience was packed with worried industry insiders still reeling from President Clinton's just-announced call for a Justice Department/FTC investigation to determine if Hollywood markets violent product to children.
And one of the things that I did, attempted to do, was to absorb the language around me, and that was part of my, my interest.
Nichos are also constructed as part of yard shrines to house a favorite saint or La Virgen de Guadalupe or another Madonna.
In a.d. 286 Diocletian sought to reverse the decline by splitting the administration of the empire in two — he would govern the east, based in Nicodemia, while his friend Maximian ruled the west from Milan — and later to split it further into four parts.
and then so he has track of both of our expenses i pay part of the utilities he pays part of the utilities it takes a little bit more work but it does work for us i mean it it really does work very successfully for us
There are similar limitations to most other applications of fMRI—while conclusions can be made about aggregated data, individual scans are for the most part too hard to interpret.
The Lockerbie gambit is reported on the inside by the NYT and as part of the LAT 's front-pager on the arrest in Egypt of Abu Nidal, the 1980s terrorist mastermind believed to have killed more than 500 people.
( ) So, finally I get the thing and it has like eight different parts to it, and I'm just there trying to figure how the thing goes together, how one number flows to another sheet and how that goes, you know.
Communities in Texas have formally observed Quinceañera birthdays for many generations, whereas such celebrations are not as common in California and other parts of the Southwest.
The far south is arid, with low, scrub-covered hills and eroded valleys, rather like some parts of northern Australia.
what part of the country are you in
part 1315, "Prompt Payment") and the circular was rescinded.
So much for my publishable opinion; save for a few closing remarks the rest must be on the records , which is here defined as “part of an interview, a speech or report of a meeting not made available to the public and retained in the archives.”
Um, so even though it was kind of a scary experience being uprooted from everything you knew, um, it gave me the chance to see that change is good and that, um, seeing a different part of, you know, just different parts of the same town, it's still very beneficial because it gave me the chance to realize how to adapt to different situations, into a different environment, relatively quickly.
Regardless of place of birth, mexicanismo and machismo are a very important part of being a pinto.
There would also have to be adequate access between the older and newer parts of town, including a bridge over the valley between Barefoot’s Parks and the Royal Mile.
negate any financial obligation on the part of the doctor over and above the insurance
It decided to "invalidate the smallest possible portion of the statute, excising only the viewpoint-based proviso rather than the entire exception of which it is a part."
But I think that the apparent brevity, which depends in part on whether you count words or syllables, is due much more to the heavy inflection of Russian that compresses meaning in single words.
The part was, there was 158 parts to it and we had to break it down put it back together break it down and never make a mistake.
Homo habilis traded stone axe parts . million years ago.
Highway 4 follows the lake shore to Cathedral Grove, a formidable stand of Douglas firs in MacMillan Provincial Park, donated to the public by a paper manufacturer as a gesture for government permission to exploit less accessible parts of the forest.
Stay a part of it by making a gift to SPEA and sending the enclosed contribution reply card.
no it it it something had happened outside of that you know and and it happened as as part of his junior college career
It is a prevalent myth that the administration of opioid analgesics for pain management causes addiction [ 27 ] . Confusion about the differences between addiction, tolerance, and physical dependence is in part responsible.
The disturbing part is that Sheehy uses her theories not just to explain decisions that have proved historically momentous, but to explain them away . In Passages , for instance, Black Panther co-founder Eldridge Cleaver's role in the black nationalist movement is perceived as nothing more than an example of one man's difficulty making a necessary passage: "Taken to the extreme," she writes, "the unwillingness to commit leaves no quarter for expression of the merger self.
The team from the northern part of our county, North Stokes and we were the southern part, South Stokes.
When Spain and Portugal remained loyal to Catholicism, and expanded their empires by settling in South America, Central America, the Caribbean Islands, and parts of North America, the rest of Europe looked on very disapprovingly.
The tall trees surrounding this building, which also houses part of the Ministry of Education, are the daytime roost of a colony of large fruit bats that trade places at dusk with flocks of crows.
Co-sponsored by the National Association for Community Leadership, the program is designed to help volunteer leaders learn fund raising skills and better appreciate their work as part of our philanthropic tradition.
i don't want to be a part of the rat race i want to be
Residential visibility benefits are therefore only included as part of our sensitivity tests.
Everybody quotes President Clinton's determined reaction: "They can be part of it or they can fight it," although oddly, USA Today leaves out the most important part of his quote: "We're going to get this done."
Well at some point my dad decided that, uh, we needed to have goats, so we fenced in our front part of our yard, which was probably about six acres, and we got goats, and on, we also had other animals.
Enterprises in different parts of the channel can therefore concentrate on their business strengths.
Some have lived in Israel for generations, but most have arrived (or are descended from those who arrived) from every part of the world since the modern Zionist movement began in the late 19th century.
Scientific investigation for the community's benefit is an integral part of the School of Medicine's mission.
yeah that's the hard part is cooking with uh kids around because uh
the role of emissions of affected EGUs under subpart 2 of part B, subpart 2of part C, or part D in the atmospheric formation of pollutants for which national ambient air quality standards exist;
Then, for the most part, at least as the story was received by the young me, life turned disappointing.
To see your little pet or friend, you know, have to be killed, skinned, and then they would cut it up and put out their parts there and then they would go off to their restaurant, to their dinner or wedding, or whatever, and eat the goat.
The corresponding segment of the work cycle connects the starting position in Figure 3.2, position 1, to position 2 by a line segment representing the simultaneous values of volume and pressure during the isothermal expansion part of the power stroke.
Tickets for performances are much more accessibly priced than in most parts of Western Europe and as well in North America.
When the IMA unveiled Corot to Picasso: European Masterworks from the Smith College Museum of Art on February 13, it was be due in part to your support of the Museum through the Annual Campaign.
um for the most part yeah i i i've got a real good banker uh personal bankers i mean if if i do if i am ever overdrawn she always calls and tells me
For example, qualitative data permit dealing fairly directly with values, politics, and factors that may be an important part of many situations.
It seems fair to say that, in part as a result of our experience with television, we tend to shy away from making grandiose claims for new technologies anymore.
so that uh you're signals get into different parts of the world
This step was necessary because L1s can be, and often are, part of larger segmental duplications in the genome; in this case, identity between the downstream sequences of two such L1s cannot be attributed to 3' transduction without significant analysis by hand, and the sequence identity will generally continue well beyond the 3' TSD.
Though there are plenty of examples to show that some namers of streets in Santa Fe are aware that in Spanish a definitive modifier follows the modified word, so that there are streets properly named, for instance, Camino Cerrito, Calle Lorca , or Plaza Fatima , there are other street names that betray oblivion to this grammatical rule, for example: Monte Vista Place or Cielo Vista Court where Monte Vista and Cielo Vista are supposed to mean respectively Mountain View and Sky View but, so far as they signify anything, really mean View Mountain and View Sky or Heaven . Even more common in Santa Fe are names in which adjectives fail to agree as to gender with the nouns they modify, for example: Calle Largo, Calle Lejano , or Calle Contento . This error may be due in part to the English tendency to reduce all unaccented final vowels to schwa and in part due to the fact that Spanish adjectives are listed in dictionaries in their masculine forms only.
well you know they try to in one of the in one of the parts of the question they ask you know just ask to ask us to discuss was uh uh
Patients with Alzheimer's disease experience a progressive cognitive loss leading to increasingly shorter periods during which they can safely be left alone and to dependence on their caregivers for help with the activities of daily life [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . The Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) [ 6 ] is commonly used in clinical practice to assess cognition, whereas in research, the cognitive part of the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale (ADAS-cog) [ 7 ] predominates.
But that call sounds increasingly hollow, at least from an intellectual perspective, and the reason is not just that bringing the budget into balance (via, in no small part, the 1993 tax increase) has proved to have pleasant side effects for the economy.
they have a tendency to learn more and in that part of the country there is all nationalities
However, there has been a small but steady rise in the number of supracervical hysterectomies performed both regionally and nationally [ 3 4 ] . The reasons for this shift in hysterectomy type are multifactorial and poorly understood, but may reflect changing attitudes on the part of both patients and surgeons favoring less invasive operations.
The fact that boomers and Gen-Xers will get a worse deal from Social Security than their parents--mainly because part of the money they put into the system was, in effect, transferred to their parents--doesn't seem horribly tragic to me.
photographs of different parts of the ocean over uh the course of fifteen or twenty years uh from previous uh uh flights
As a result, they viewed information protection as an integral part of their business operations and of their strategic planning.
We don't need to speculate about the answer, because government antitrust enforcers have spent the better part of seven years putting Microsoft's competitive behavior under a microscope.
uh we get counseling and uh i think part of our pay is docked if we're first time offenders
Strategic information management will be an important part of any federal agency's attempt to implement GPRA successfully.
Abdelkader Hachani condemned the massacres as "crimes against humanity" and said that, by rejecting a political solution and refusing to protect the population, "the government bears a large part of the responsibility."
for me it was like practically impossible to get between like ninety and ninety nine percentile on the on the verbal part
Because the Affymetrix software determines the presence or absence of expression of a gene in part on the basis of how many probe pairs give high intensities, not just the average across the probe pairs, some genes may be flagged as present despite having negative average differences.
The new tobacco documents (many of them marked "Secret"), released as part of a lawsuit settlement, show a company strategy of attracting teenagers through advertising and various youth-oriented promotions such as, according to USAT , "NASCAR sponsorship," "inner city activities," and "T-shirts and other paraphernalia."
but it's a big commitment we don't have any kids yet so that's a lot of the part of it
We then noted two features of the sequence data that may explain in part the large signals that the outlier microarray spots exhibited when hybridized to the oligo(dT) probe.
Set in Cuba during the Spanish-American war, the novel is part Western (the main character, Ben Tyler, is an Arizona cowboy) and part noir (he's in on an arms-smuggling scam gone bad).
well if i work part time that might be doable
There have been no reported twin studies on the alerting response per se , but this function, namely the maintenance of the alert state is inherently a part of many neuropsychological tasks.
A recent cease-fire ended the Muslim government's six-year war with Armenia over control of a Christian enclave in the northeast part of the country.
it was uh you ought to rent the uh F X part one It doesn't say part one but it it's F slash X
Part of the chemopreventive efficacy of antiestrogens and retinoids in this model may therefore be due to a generalized decrease in ductal development.
From Sara Lee divesting itself of its manufacturing operations to the Big Three auto companies outsourcing their parts production to Marriott running hotels that other people actually own, the idea of doing as little real work as you have to is much applauded by Wall Street today.
there were certain parts of town where it was illegal to drive
In minimal medium, similar results were acquired; a greater number of significant results were obtained, due in part to greater replication (Figure 1b, Table 1).
Such remarks, in any case, are part of Walcott's own emerging self-definition as a writer.
no no um yeah i think that's that's a nice gesture on the Kuwaiti government part to do that and uh
In contrast, it is possible that the therapeutic effects of IL-4 after local injection are conferred in part by IL-10.
Other continents also have names that are part transliteration, part zhōu : Europe is oūzhōu , Asia, yāzhōu , and Africa fēizhōu .
right i guess uh i don't know what part of New Jersey you're in but i guess it's uh fairly industrial
Accountability is part of the organizational culture and goes well beyond receiving an unqualified audit opinion.
But if the Birdwhistell theory explains (even in part) George W.'s smirk, it must perforce also explain (in part) the milder version worn by George Bush Sr.
yeah uh it's part of the problem with guns in general they got hundreds out there you know the only experience they got is the you know the last couple times they got about half looped and went out and the gun and went out in the woods and started blowing up bottles
The influx of water and metabolites into the vacuole is dependent in part on the generation of a proton motive force across the tonoplast.
As part of candidate Clinton's foreign policy brain trust, Holbrooke prodded him to take an interventionist stand, which Clinton did.
um-hum we have factions when it's one part we i have one reunion on my mother's side and we found that if it's in a certain part of Texas
Part two was sent to randomly selected project managers at the field activity level and focused on
It promises to revolutionize personal computing, making obsolete the proprietary-software-running desktop and shifting the center of gravity in the computer world toward the network, the largest part of which is the World Wide Web.
and uh in fact i did it really that part just for fun because i have gotten her book before are you aware aware of that book
“In no small part, that's because the disease has cropped up in new places, and those are states that have political clout.”
Part of the indignity of negotiation is the implication that during the bargaining NATO will offer more and more concessions.
yeah a lot a lot of people uh my brother in laws are all everybody is bigger than me for the most part
Turning regimens are an essential part of the routine management of mechanically ventilated patients.
And so I found myself advocating temporary restrictions on the ability of investors to pull money out of crisis economies--a curfew, if you like, on capital flight--as part of a recovery strategy.
the biggest problem well like in this part of town seems to be the attitude and the atmosphere in the schools
Plasmids used in this study, along with their key features and sources, are listed in Table 1. Two of the source plasmids, pCL8 and pAWS2, were constructed as part of unpublished studies.
The first part of its name is the personal name Jack .
yeah the hardest part about uh water pump changes is getting all the junk off before you can get too it
In 16 cases colistin was part of the initial empiric regimen based on previous surveillance cultures, with subsequent cultures confirming the sensitivity pattern.
I found it a little disappointing that something as humane and innovative as The Iron Giant couldn't put a tiny bit more meat, or sass, or something, into Jennifer Aniston's part.
yeah yeah i think there's still i i know that um i grew up in Chicago in the sixties and was part my family was real liberal and i think there's a lot of um
It and related proteins contain an amino-terminal segment rich in leucine and proline [ 20] and a carboxy-terminal globular part that includes the 2OG-Fe(II) oxygenase domain.
Part of it is context.
it's a General Motors hall of fame type presentation uh it's a two-parter the other part's on tonight but it was about the uh
As demonstrated in these studies, at least in part the mechanism involves mitochondrial dysfunction.
But it was the grass-roots opposition to KYC, sparked in part by the Libertarian Party, whose protest Web site steered 171,268 e-mail complaints from netizens to the FDIC, that elevated the subject to the national agenda.
uh-huh where you you're working with two stories and once you get that down it flows and you can't wait to get to the next part
In complex systems, such consistent qualitative representations can reveal previously unappreciated causal links - redundant parallel pathways or feedback loops - in models built solely from pairwise interactions of many functional parts.
Yet Huntington not only sees hidden coherence in the Sinic bloc; he sees the bloc as part of an even larger threat--the "Confucian-Islamic connection."
but uh another one of my projects this summer is actually it's part of my research assistantship is um it's helping a professor uh compile a bunch of translations of of various poems for a book that he's writing
Part one was sent to senior facilities engineering program directors at the headquarters level and focused on agencywide policy issues.
One is the Softbook, which at $299 appears less expensive than the Rocket but actually costs more because you must commit to spending $479 on books over two years as part of the package.
huh i didn't i don't remember seeing that part of it i know Simi Valley yeah it's just a suburb of LA and they've built some new highways out to that area and things lately
PKA association with mitochondria has been well documented [ 38 39 40 41 42 ] . In mammalian sperm, it was found that nearly all RII-specific labeling was with mitochondria [ 43 ] . Furthermore, in bovine heart, PKA activity was detected in the matrix or the matrix side of the mitochondrial inner membrane [ 44 45 ] . However, the work of Halestrap and coworkers provided little evidence for intramitochondrial protein phosphorylation by PKA, but gave some evidence for outer membrane phosphorylation, both integral and loosely bound proteins [ 46 47 48 ] . The localization of RIIα to the postsynaptic region beyond the postsynaptic membrane is consistent with part of the immunostaining of NMJs in the soleus muscle [ 18 ] , yet differs in part because there is no overlap with the bungarotoxin label; however, this is in agreement with another study [ 17 ] .
So we part ways here.
and to see the um Queen what is it the Queen Mary at Long Beach and Universal Studios i've been to that part of the world
The N-terminal part of the domain contains a universally conserved acidic residue that may play a critical role creating the local environment for NO selectivity.
For its part, the Post does not even mention yesterday's NYT's report on the theft of $1 billion in international relief to Bosnia.
between those two that's that's pretty much all that we're able to save but fortunately those are fairly substantial and i feel like that's at this point the uh the the most important part of our long-term uh savings plans
Binalshibh believes the disagreement arose in part from Jarrah's family visits.
In part, what KKR did when it purchased companies in the 1980s was replace those companies' dividend payments to shareholders with debt payments to creditors.
uh i live down in the south western part of Blacksburg
The term "gas-fired" with regard to a unit means, except under subpart 1 of part B andsubpart 1 of part C, combusting only natural gas or fuel oil, with natural gas comprising at least ninety percent, and fuel oil comprising no more than ten percent, of the unit's total heat input in any year.
More than 1,700 people bounty hunt part time.
well i think that's a big part of it and i i think it maybe started because women wanted outside of the home and i almost think with our society and and inflation and the cost of things it's anymore it's almost couples have to work outside the home
The sensitivity of toxicity tests will depend in part on the number of replicates per concentration, the significance level selected, and the type of statistical analysis.
Part of the fun of watching Moynihan is that you seldom have any idea what he will say next--and neither does he.
with you know with the IBM what would happen is uh since the software that i had was it was basically you know you only see part of the page
By the end of the decade, breast cancer rates continued to be substantially higher in Marin County than in other parts of California, including other parts of the SFBA.
with equal parts astonished admiration and mounting horror at the calculated brazenness of it all" (Mark Rozzo, Los Angeles Times ). Clarissa Cruz ( Entertainment Weekly ) finds that parts of the dialogue are "laugh out loud funny," but overall it's "a frivolous read that's far more titillating than scintillating."
repair parts for cars or something
contribution from affected EGUs under part D, and the extent to which effective mercury control programs in other countries could minimize such impairment; and
They've "outsourced" functions that used to be part of their responsibility (baby sitters, tutors, camps), creating a fragmented regimen.
always felt i didn't get a real good education in the public in the grammar schools and part of high school
Not only should it be possible to sketch out the history of the development of different biochemical machineries, it should also be possible to establish which parts of the proteins are most critical to function on the basis of amino-acid sequence conservation correlated with the structural contexts.
Since that is a large part of this question, I will ask you to disregard this question if you consider homosexuality immoral, wrong, Satan's work, etc., etc.
and uh i am afraid that they were treated as castaways for the most part
5) California, the Southwest, and the parts of the U.S.
But I think that what happens at home in the years before school is a critical part of the problem.
but but defense is not the biggest part of the federal budget either the biggest part of the budget are things like Medicare and Social Security
Many believe that the growth of telemedicine is impeded by reimbursement policies of the federal government and private insurers [ 2 3 ] . These authors claim this leads to a vicious cycle: There is a growing call for telemedicine services to be covered as part of health insurance.
But there's another, larger part of me that's convinced that such a ceremony is really the only appropriate way to honor achievement in the movie business.
right i think it's the basis for every for it all really it's a big part of what our problem is and this gang situation which is which
Prior to 1970, the array of mail services provided by the Post Office Department was codified as part of Title 39.
It has become one of the DSM 's most popular disorders, in part because it is so very useful to its diagnosees: It makes them eligible for insurance-reimbursed therapy, for instance, and it can bolster an insanity defense.
no i don't either as a matter of fact i think they're doing you know probably for the most part the best job they can do with resources they have it's really must be discouraging though to know that you know you bust somebody for something they may be out on the street before you finish your report you know
This suggests that this variability is in part due to array sensitivity.
School officials were unrepentant, defending their policy as a part of an effort to maintain "safe, drug-free schools"--until Kimberly sued.
the rest we have in categories but for the most part it's been somewhat discretionary um
They incorporate information management as an intrinsic part of their business planning and decision making processes, discussing the benefits and risks associated with specific strategies for improving service, reducing cycle time, or reducing costs.
Regis seems genuine on camera in part because his personality and TV persona have joined.
other than the Steelers i don't have a real a real favorite uh like the Eagles i like the Redskins but uh usually like the teams that the Cowboys are playing for the most part you're a Forty Niner fan
Areas of savings include less rework on the part of the construction contractor, fewer change orders for correction of design errors or omissions, and the cost of belatedly adding project upgrade features that should have been addressed in the original design.
A domestic subsidiary of a foreign corporation may make political contributions, but only if the foreign parent plays no part.
that's just sensible on their part
Every stage of our border and immigration system should have as a part of its operations the detection of terrorist indicators on travel documents.
Another part is that the CDA was folded into the telecommunications bill, an acre of legislation that reorganizes one-seventh of the nation's economy.
to a point to a point the bottom you know the early parts of it you're giving the foundations of the nation and
The Director of Central Intelligence had once had a national intelligence officer for terrorism to coordinate analysis; that office was abolished in the late 1980s and its duties absorbed in part by the Counterterrorist Center.
One of the parts of both books that most surprised me was the extent to which the homebuyers themselves saw Celebration as a utopia … chiefly because Disney was involved.
what's the best part from your point of view
Effects Subcommittee on Initial Assessments of Health and Ecological Effects: Part 2. October 1999.
While we're on the subject of editorial déjà vu , Keeping Tabs has become strangely attached to "Tilton Talk," the part of Charlene Tilton's new Globe gossip column in which the former Dallas star spouts off about whatever strikes her fancy, with ellipses separating her insights from one another.
well main part of the problem is they don't they think they have enough choices
With regard to sulfur dioxide allowances, the Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 73 (2001), amended as appropriate by the Administrator.
"This is a dream for me--to find the soft parts and touch them and even smell them.
team and movies of the basketball team and we tried to be a part of it but not overshadowing him or making him feel that we had to be there all the time
Searches with the N-terminal part of the extension gave significant hits to bacterial proteins of the length 180-195 residues within the first 3 iterations (eg.
McCain thinks the fact that special interest money dominates the electoral system is a big part of the reason that a majority of 18-to-26-year-olds don't register and don't vote.
poor thing part of it was my fault i guess i just didn't take care of it like i should have
More narrowly, it is a payment by the employee as part of an exchange of money and services for a future pension or other retirement benefit.
Throughout the 1994-1995 strike, the company kept reporting record quarterly earnings, in part because so many union members became scabs, in part because management personnel helped work the lines, and in part because the UAW represents just a fifth of Caterpillar's global workforce.
the part than it would be to have it done down there so i just went ahead and had them do it
Whereas breast cancer mortality declined significantly at 2-3% per year in other parts of California between 1990 and 1999, Marin County rates decreased less than 1% per year; this change was not statistically significantly different from zero (Table 1).
And it is on top of these cuts--before the first small step of which the Congress and the president just blinked--that the additional Dole cuts are to be made, an amount totaling close to 40 percent of the vulnerable part of the budget.
part of it's that part of it's technology but
Under this part, a unit that is subject to emission reduction requirements orlimitations under part B, C, or D or, if applicable, under a specified part or subpart or
For its part, the Senate is positively gloating about its own unanimity, so different from the squabbling rancor in the House.
i think that plays a big part in in a child's learning and you know what they can and cannot do in child care
- If an application for an election under subsection (b) meets the requirements ofsubsection (a), the Administrator shall approve the designation as an affected unit under subpart 2 of part B and subpart 2 of part C and, if applicable, under part D, subject to the requirements in subsections (d) through (g).
Little do some of the acquaintances who have had walk-on parts in the little dramas of my sister's life and mine know that their names are a permanent part of our language.
i grew up right around Amarillo up in the very northern part of Texas
And an essential part of this work up is assessing whether or not there has been lymphatic spread.
But genocide has a precise and universally accepted definition: "acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial, or religious group," according to the 1951 Genocide Convention.
talk about Pittsburgh yeah your right it's like i mean this is very strange because i'm not in that part of the country i don't care if they listen i'm not in that part of the country i don't want to offend you i and i'm not in their part of the country so what i hear all my best friends are in western Pennsylvania and it's like oh
It has been hypothesized that the high prevalence of negative school behaviors is in part due to greater exposure to chronic psychosocial stress, e.g., inadequate economic resources, family disintegration, information overload, media violence [ 8 9 10 11 ] . Self-reported feelings of anger have been shown to be predictive of aggression in youth [ 12 ] . The escalating prevalence of anger and violence in youth has been associated in part with increased levels of anxiety and stress [ 13 ] .
In a CNN interview broadcast Monday, Dole said the Times "might as well be part of the Democratic Party.
so so like a consistent work load would that be kind of a is that i don't know if that's considered a benefit it's just in kind of part of the environment you're in
Second, we were not previously able to examine effects of a given variable (genotype, body part) on circadian phase.
In Mina, a language spoken in Togo and parts of Benin and Ghana, the verb to eat is used in many phrases that have nothing to do with food.
um although i work in in sort of hi tech industry type thing and and and which in large part survives on on uh on defense contracting you know so
For example, a hypothetical study conducted in New York and one conducted in Seattle may report different C-R functions for the relationship between PM and mortality, in part because of differences between these two study populations (e.g.
Wyoming's theme is "Sex and Reading Can Wait" (except for the part about the reading).
but once you get if you start once you get something fancy you get stuck somewhere off of the main area you can be really and the parts i know the Audi parts are terribly expensive
The judges and lawyers are offering their expertise as part of the Community Justice Program, a new facet of the San Antonio Bar Association's pro-bono work to bring free legal services to residents outside of the courthouse's confines.
And Neil Jordan's Michael Collins (1996) sympathetically portrayed Collins and his comrades in the 1918-1921 Irish war for independence from Britain--a war won in part by Collins' strategy of bombings and late-night assassinations.
but uh it's it's a part of the loin you know the rib cage
A second problem in administering a substance at a particular central location is that of redistribution to other parts of the central nervous system.
It was a version still being used in churches in parts of Nigeria and Cameroon when I was there:
i don't know what part of the country you're from in but i'm in Dallas
evidence of failure to perform tasks that are part of internal control, such as reconciliations not prepared or not timely prepared;
In our own time, during the Cold War, when we were so concerned about being in competition with the Soviet Union, very often we dealt with countries in Africa and in other parts of the world based more on how they stood in the struggle between the United States and the Soviet Union than how they stood in the struggle for their own people's aspirations to live up to the fullest of their God-given abilities.
tend to find themselves in that position of of having to be uh sort of part of the secretarial pool it might not be called that but that boils down to what it is
48 As shown in figure 4.5, total Medicare spending (Part A HI and Part B SMI combined) is expected to consume 5 percent of GDP by 2035-more than double today's share of 2 percent.
My husband and I are members of our local church and part of a smaller group of Christians who meet fortnightly in each other's homes.
part of me says that i'd kind of like to do it just to see what it's like to be in that position where you are playing you know life and death with somebody else could i bring myself to do it
Data from 1,321 apparently normal, unrelated white adult subjects from Alabama who had undergone A and B phenotype analysis as part of paternity testing were used to estimate allele and gene frequencies [ [ 21 ] ; R.T.
While it is not only scientific and scholarly but noble to maintain that such matters as pronunciation, usage, dialect, and other features are all part of the description of language and are neither good nor bad, the fact remains that using a dialect or speech pattern that is unacceptable to those who are giving out the jobs may mean that one either gets the job or not, other qualifications being equal, hence the scientific and scholarly considerations may be effectively put into their academic niches where they belong.
um-hum yeah they seem to be a part of life
As I noted, fostered in part by the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA), there has been an increasing interest within the executive branch and the Congress in linking performance and results to resource allocation and other decisions.
Thanks in large part to the new understanding of governments that increasing interest rates, raising taxes, and cutting spending in a recession is a bad idea, the first postwar generation was one of near-full employment in most Western countries.
i guess part of that is um
Our analysis of Cdc5's role in release of Cdc14 from the RENT complex revealed that Cdc5 is required for disassembly of RENT in late anaphase, that Cdc5 can provoke premature disassembly of RENT in pre-anaphase cells, and that Cdc5 controls (at least in part) the phosphorylation state of Net1 during anaphase.
… I was 7 when I first had sex …" She worships him and sees right through him, and a part that might have seemed a sentimental contrivance becomes the source of comic bliss.
what part of Texas you from
In part due to GAO's work and leadership, the Congress passed a series of laws designed to improve the management and performance of government, including:
The names included Odets, who subsequently named names himself, and several actors since forgotten, in part, perhaps, because they were blacklisted.
uh and reshot a few parts you know where they yeah you know where they could i guess they figured we wouldn't can't tell the difference between an
Bin Ladin apparently honored this pledge, at least for a time, although he continued to aid a group of Islamist extremists operating in part of Iraq (Kurdistan) outside of Baghdad's control.
Today, Thompson is part Beavis, part whore.
it it's not just the unethical part of it it's the self-serving part of it
Three smaller programs in the southern part of the state, Southeast Missouri Legal Services, Meramec Area Legal Aid Corporation, and Legal Aid of Southwest Missouri, merged at the end of 2000.
Part VII Southeast Asian Writing Systems
oh sure sure they do and then they take your old part and sell it to some reconditioning house and make money off of that too
Tyrosine phosphorylation of Cas is regulated by adhesion, such that adherent and migrating cells have high levels of tyrosine phosphorylated Cas, whereas cells in suspension have reduced levels of Cas phosphorylation [ 10 33 ] . In addition, as mentioned above, transformed cells that are able to grow in an anchorage independent manner show increased tyrosine phosphorylation of Cas [ 10 33 ] . These data suggest that tyrosine phosphorylation of Cas in part regulates a switch from adhesion dependent growth to adhesion independent growth.
Aside from becoming part of the event instead of just reporting on it, this reflected a poor style and vocabulary choice.
and i've had that for quite a few years now but i haven't really gone into that part i've been thinking about making um
As part of the study, the Administrator shall address the following factors concerning the pollutants under paragraph (a)(1):
Women are so large a part of the labor force that it is hard to believe that this could be true of the total if it were not also true of women.
but actually the southern part and uh she'd never really seen a lot of the different northern places and just the lot of the little towns and so we drove around went to the Humana Colonies things like that
These results strongly suggested a differential role for the lateral and medial parts of the orbitofrontal cortex.
It's as if a car could run at breakneck speed even if the engine was corroded and missing some parts."
yeah yeah Sam's is part of Wal-Mart
Though he took part in at least one actual battle, he became known chiefly as a person who generously helped fund the anti-Soviet jihad.
This attitude [of evolutionists] has been characteristic of some parts of the education community that only they know what is best for kids."
for for the most part politicians have gone through their a a good bit of their business life before they get into politics
A defined set of technical, management, and leadership skills and competencies is developed as part of the entity's overall approach to strategic humancapital planning and is used as a foundation for all humancapital management activities and decisions.
I mean, this is a part of the world where it's probably most likely that you're going to see serious problems in the future unless something's done."
he's part golden lab and part uh let's see Alaskan no not Alaskan i always forget uh Australian shepherd
In that study, PR gene expression was quantitated from uninfected parts of leaves that had been infected with 1 × 10 8mL -1DC3000• avrRpt2 . This level of inoculum was sufficiently high to cause "false positive" spurious HR-like responses to DC3000•empty vector [ 5 ] . Indeed, when sid2 mutant plants were inoculated with 2 × 10 7mL -1DC3000• avrRpt2 , no HR was seen (data not shown).
that happened in that part of the war
Both of these structure-based approaches, used complementarily in conjunction with sequence-only motif-finding approaches [ 56 57 58 ] and experimental data, will enable to us better assign function to all or large parts of a proteome.
On the down side, Newsweek 's David Ansen writes, "Clever as parts are, Go doesn't add up to much," and several other critics agree (Peter Rainer of New York magazine says, "There's nothing much to this movie except a lot of funky attitude").
or other parts of the Caribbean that that's really you know and Puerto Rico we have a a large population from there people who have come over you know maybe in the last you know ten or twenty years
For instance, just before curation of a chromosome arm commences, different computational analyses are synthesized into 'best guesses' of gene models, as part of the autopromote software we described earlier.
For his part, Conason declined to explain why the bare possibility of Shearer's involvement in the harassment of Willey was so gleefully seized upon by Clinton's own designated harassers.
A suit manufacturer might cut the cloth for the suit in one plant, ship the coat parts to another, and ship the pants parts to yet another plant in another state.
The concrete Causeway was built as a temporary substitute for the bridge lost after a hurricane in the early part of the 20th century, but it has never been replaced.
uh quiet type more of a subdued atmosphere now and i think part of that is after you have kids you're you're not as interested in going to uh Georgetown type places where you know you go in every place and there's a lot of uh noise
Educational forums, employee network groups, and the use of evidence-based hypotheses to design and implement pilot interventions are all part of the effort to improve care of culturally diverse patients.
The Russians have been part and parcel of our effort to try to find a peaceful solution."
Out of what modular parts and processes, wonder Boeing folks, might it be possible to assemble a family of related aircraft for a diversity of markets?
The neighboring coastline forms part of the Costa de Prata (Silver Coast) and has largely escaped development, though it does have resorts at Figueira da Foz and Aveiro.
well if you i don't know how familiar you are with Maryland but uh especially the the center part of Maryland where i ninety five runs through it is really heavily populated
Localization of leukocytes to tissue sites is a critical part of infectious, inflammatory or immune responses [ 1 2 ] . Emigration of leukocytes from blood into tissue requires a complex array of molecular and cellular events between the flowing leukocyte and endothelium lining the blood vessel wall.
In those years, no adult skirts ever rose that high, except maybe on the ice--tiny skirts were conventionally part of the innocence of childhood.
A set of primitive parts and the transformations of those parts into other objects is a “technology graph.”
In Felanitx, the honey-colored church Sant Miquel dates in part from the 13th century.
it's scenic i guess i i've i've been to a part of that on a trip to San Francisco i i went up just a short ways up the coast to i believe it was Point Raid
3), it is obvious that the hyperpolarization caused by PMA results from activation of this channel type, and PMA inhibition of glucose-induced electrical excitation of rat β-cells is ascribable at least in part to hyperpolarization resulting from an increase in K ATP activity.
The Nazis were well out of power; nothing would have come of the killings except a vague sense of self-satisfaction on the part of those involved.
A suit manufacturer might cut the cloth for the suit in one plant, ship the coat parts to another, and ship the pants parts to yet another plant in another state.
As you watch the film, you feel as if you’re part of it.
i think part of the thing about schools today is too is the way the families have gone down the tubes the structure that now teachers play police officers you know their parenting their disciplinarians
As part of this project, LSC solicited public comment via notices published in the Federal Register and on the LSC Website in November 2000.
The notion of entry, as described many times in these pages, includes (1) head-word,(2) inflected forms (which, in the sole case of the MW-III , includes regular inflections, which pumps up the entry count considerably), (3) changes in parts of speech, (4) embedded boldface entries (like idioms and phrases), (5) run-on forms (those that are added at the ends of entries to illustrate headwords with suffixes of transparent meaning added, e.g., national and nationally run on to nation and nationalization run on to nationalize , (6) spelling variants (like British honour, nationalise, nationalisation , etc.).
One way to increase quality is to control fabric purchasing, marker-making, spreading, cutting, and parts preparation in a central facility.
After centuries of almost total eclipse, Buddhism today has been able to achieve a revival in India, in part by offering its egalitarian philosophy to Hindu Untouchables as an escape from discrimination.
i was part of the Gene Rickey
They argued that the program needed to have a big part for Pashtun opponents of theTaliban.
In the Gaelic parts of Scotland and Ireland, the word for heather was fraoch , pronounced nearly like German fröch . There are many regional differences in Gaelic, and fraoch can be pronounced “FREWX” or “FRAWX” in some parts of Gaeldom, perhaps explaining some of the spellings that have come into English for health-related words like frawlin or fraughan for blueberry, and freuchan for the “reinforcing toe cap of a brogue” (shoe, not accent) to prevent excessive wear by the heather.
Because a worker may have a day’s work in the carts in front of her, it is easy to see how individual bundles of parts can be misplaced—which, in turn, will hold up the assembly of some SKUs.
The older, Moorish part of town (La Ciudad) lies to the south of the ravine, linked by an 18th-century bridge to El Mercadillo, the modern district that arose after the Reconquista.
i think it depends on what part of the state
Western and Eastern Utah are divided by two biogeographic provinces that differ in precipitation patterns [ 29 ] . Western Utah is part of the Great Basin, which receives the majority of precipitation during the winter months when most fungi may be dormant.
(There's also a chart showing which foods are good for eating off which body parts.)
The church originally belonged to the religious community of St. Catherine’s monastery in the Sinai (now part of Egypt), and it acted as a center of learning.
and they have shown some of the industries have been real good at uh uh doing their part in uh reducing the amount that they have
In part the cells were preincubated with α
But Northrop bought parts from Radio Shack and put them on MX missile-guidance systems without proper testing.
As part of its reconstructing the former Confederacy, the victorious North tried to cleanse the formerly rebellious governments of their “treasonous” followers.
Plans have been drawn up to redevelop the course as part of the Athens 2004 Olympic program, so make enquiries with your hotel or the EOT before making the journey out to the course.
and uh what part of Virginia um
Actual terrorist operations represented a relatively small part of al Qaeda's estimated $30 million annual operating budget.
Walter W. Skeat, surely one of the greatest linguists of all time and an outstanding innovator of his day (late 19th century), was often given to testy replies when a correspondent to Notes and Queries either disagreed with him or speculated on the etymology of a word without having first looked it up in one of Skeat's works or, if the alphabetic section had appeared, in the Oxford English Dictionary . He was often nasty; but toward the latter part of the 1890s the crust softened, and he mellowed a bit.
The concept of an American nation was part of the American creed, but it had yet to become a fixed feature of American law.
Additionally, Las Vegas had been made a part of Nevada’s new Clark County in 1909, a year when the legislature also outlawed gambling.
where you cut a towel in half and you sew the top part on so you can i mean crochet the top part of it so that you can attach it to an oven
If necessity is the mother of invention, then its father is an inveterate tinkerer, with a large garage full of spare parts.
He realized that the weird birds and body parts and eyes added nothing to his paintings.
Although originally a discarded part of the cow, now it is considered a delicacy and is prepared and sold in many neighborhood stores and restaurants along the Rio Grande border region.
Until you pass into Almería, this part of the Costa del Sol, the most attractive but least known, is now officially called the Costa Tropical.
and they this year they moved her into a um retirement apartment complex so she's got part time care
In phalloidin stained preparations of in and fy mutant heads we saw that early in lateral morphogenesis F-actin accumulated over a larger fraction of the distal part of the cell than in wild type (Fig.
An important part of U.S. diplomacy is getting sovereign states to work together voluntarily.
Indeed, if you face loss of parts and machines, you had best locate back from the phase transition, deep enough into the survivable regime to survive.
