It didn't last very long, but Miyares discovered he loved being a businessman.
The monastery’s museum traces the kingdom of Naples’ long history in costumes, sculpture, paintings, and prints.
The HCMV DNA was detected using HCMV1 (5' cct agt gtg gat gac cta cgg gcc a) and HCMV2 (5' cag aca cag tgt cct ccc gct cct c) primers producing 249 bp long amplicon and the DNA of HHV6 was amplified with specific primer pair HP0 (5' ccg caa tcg aat cca cct agc gg) and HP4 (5' gtg aga acg gat tcg aac agt gct g) yielding 440 bp product [ 23 24 ] . All amplifications were carried out with 20 pmol of each primer in 2 mM solution of MgCl 2 , 2 U of Tag Special DNA polymerase (Biovendor, Czech Republic), 0.3 mM of each dNTPs, 10× reaction buffer and 1 μg of isolated DNA according to the following conditions: 96°C for 4 min, (94°C for 10 sec, 58°C for 10 sec, 72°C for 20 sec) 36 times, and final extension at 72°C for 2 min.
In fact, long product runs in men’s and unisex product lines, such as jeans, have made U.S. sewing operators extremely efficient.
Proboscis length affects the efficiency with which flowers of different depth are exploited (Inouye 1980); bumblebees with long proboscises preferentially exploit flowers with deep corollas, while bumblebees with short proboscises exploit shallow flowers (Heinrich 1976).
With such a long stretch of coast to cover and so many historic towns to visit inland, the Costa Blanca may seem difficult to navigate — particularly if you don’t have a car.
Mainly scrub-covered and only 3 km (2 miles) long, Labuhan Lalang’s coral reefs and clear water are highly rated among SCUBA divers.
This phenomenon has long confounded research on vitamin C, which, after almost two-dozen studies, has not been demonstrated to provide benefit in colds beyond its placebo effect.
Getting a federal government’s priorities in proper perspective, one member of parliament bemoaned the cultural center as “50 years ahead of its time — that’s how long it’ll take the taxpayers to meet the 500 percent cost overrun.”
Legend has it right, as it turns out, but it's a long hour before roguish adventurer Brendan Fraser can transport dimwitted 1920s Pandora heroine Rachel Weisz to Hamunaptra so that she can open the Book of the Dead and start stupidly incanting.
A long history of absorbing outside influences has resulted in a society in which people expect to have a Shinto baptism, a pseudo-Christian wedding (usually held in a hotel “chapel” and officiated by an unordained foreigner in a robe), and a Buddhist funeral.
The relative enhancement of force (P t */P t ) at a variety of sarcomere lengths is presented in Figure 2B, showing the strong length-dependence of the staircase response, with very little potentiation at long sarcomere lengths.
Although the number of operations partly determines how long it takes to get a garment through production, other factors come into play, including the firm’s policy about how many finished coats should be allowed to build up in work-in-process and finished goods inventory.
The issue of land sales has a long history as a subtheme of the Jewish-Arab struggle.
The cDNA sequence contained a 915-nucleotide long open reading frame corresponding to a polypeptide 304 amino acid in length and ending with a TAA stop codon.
Elegant Carrer Isabel II, a long string of mansions overlooking the harbor, leads to leads to the Baroque church Església Sant Francesc and the Museu de Menorca.
This custom suggests new stages in the old rebellion against religious strictures, which once demanded that female hair--divinely ordained to be long and seductive--be covered up lest it incite lust.
This has allowed men’s clothing manufacturers to capture the benefits of their own highly efficient sewing rooms through long production runs.
As reported in the press, at long last, President Nixon, in the privacy of the Oval Office, said to his trusted aide, "John, we have the power.
This could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.
' " This has left some friends with no option but to start "taking bets on how long the marriage lasts."
Lexicographic technocrats enjoy using terms like terminology, terminography, LSP language for special purposes, LGP language for general purposes, lemma, lexeme , and other words, reflecting the notion, long prevalent in psychology, sociology, and other social sciences, that if you can give a problem a name, you have somehow gone a long way toward solving it.
The good news about the near future will be bad news for the long run if it leads the president and Congress to put forward a plausible balanced-budget plan without beginning the dramatic Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security reforms that are required to avoid an economic catastrophe soon after 2010, when baby boomers will retire.
Long term stimulation studies
Given the long history of popular belief in the intrinsic superiority of certain classes of people—men, whites, Christians, Americans—the philosophical belief in equality stands as a critique of commonly held beliefs.
Locked in the Cabinet , Robert Reich's new memoir of his years as labor secretary in the Clinton administration, is an engaging policy memoir: insightful, often witty and, what's most unusual for wonk kiss and tells, easy to read, partly because it's told in long stretches of well-written dialogue that add up to scores of novelistic scenes of Washington at work.
The city walls, like much of the Old City, are composed of stones from many parts of the city’s long history.
On board the Kiowa, a female in what was obviously flight gear but exhibiting no identification, wrapped Achmed and Ambrose in thermal blankets and started iv drips to rehydrate them, pushing in a dose of ativan to calm frayed nerves, but instructing them to be conscious of long, slow breaths.
Trophoblastic elongation is initiated when a conceptus reaches a 10 mm sphere and then rapidly transforms into a long filamentous thread greater than 150 mm in length within 2-3 hrs [ 3 ] . The process of trophoblastic elongation is characterized by four distinct morphological stages (spherical, ovoid, tubular and filamentous).
Athens changed hands more than once during the long struggle in which many English, Scots, Irish, and French fought alongside the Greeks.
Elvis knows this is an obsession of mine; in Sunday's Chicago Sun-Times I published a long article that questions widespread beliefs about the Texas Instruments digital projection system and extols a much cheaper film projection system called MaxiVision48, which uses existing, proven technology, and produces a picture its patent holders claim is 500 percent better (not a misprint) than existing film or digital projection, take your choice.
Spielberg," Steven is denied "drive-on" privileges; the camera holds on him as he makes the long, grueling hike through the studio compound, and a passing tour bus driver draws attention to his lowly "walk-on" status.
Why this long discourse?
Editorialists groused about China's persistent evils but grudgingly conceded that it was a good idea to make nice with Jiang in the hope of reforming China over the long term.
It took a long time for them to be readmitted to positions of responsibility.
These researchers determined the fiber composition from the gastrocnemius muscle (the muscle of the calf of the leg) of 14 elite male long distance runners, 18 good (but not world-class) male long distance runners, and 19 untrained men.
Clearly, that is not to say that most words appearing in quotations in the OED and in any other (original) source are being used for the first time: on the contrary, it is very likely—and this might well apply to terms of art of a specialized field and, particularly, the speech of sailors, who did not enjoy an entirely savory reputation—that the terms were in oral use for a long time before they were written down.
The most popular cars to lower are long ones, such as Fords, Buicks, and Chevrolets.
Jesse Ventura is the product of Minnesota political culture, with its mix of Yankee and Germanic reformism and its long history of influential regional third-party movements such as the Nonpartisan League and the Farmer-Labor party.
Inside the mouth, a passage measuring 12 m (39 ft) long leads to a plain transverse chamber reaching 31⁄2 m (11 ft) wide, 20 m (66 ft) long, and high enough to stand up in.
Its graduates have started 4,000 companies and the list of its Nobel Prize Winners is long.
There followed a long period of peace and prosperity known as the Pax Romana.
This story of a long and stormy love affair between a fallen angel and a 19 th century French vintner is described alternately as having "a ferocious display of inventive power" ( Kirkus Reviews ) and as having "a disconcerting hollowness" (Richard Eder, the Los Angeles Times ). The critics agree on the flashes of brilliance in her writing; the disagreement is over how consistently Knox puts it all together.
Long timers with 20 years of active duty or active reserve service who qualify for retired pay upon retirement at age 60;
AL357553) revealed that it is a large gene with a coding sequence of 3105 bp long, having 23 exons spread over ~68.
Balance quick successes with long term impact by
In the novel Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison, he describes the zoot--suiters’ style, “walking slowly, their shoulders swaying, their legs swinging from their hips in trousers that ballooned upward from cuffs fitting snug about their ankles; their coats long and hip-tight with shoulders far too broad to be those of natural western men” (1947, 380).
98% in 2000), and a long way from the target of 3%.
The long thin strip of Orange Island (Juzizhou), rich in oranges among other crops, bisects the river and in the early 20th century was home to a small band of Western traders and missionaries.
Not only are function and form separate, over their long lives buildings can successfully accommodate a variety of uses.
High praise for the latest effort from the 44-year-old Southern roots singer, dubbed "album of the year" by Spin . Her charms: a craggy voice and unsentimental (sometimes gothic, sometimes macho) lyrics, refreshing in a world inundated by "cookie-cutter Lilith-ready wimps" (David Browne, Entertainment Weekly ). Critics predict that Williams will finally emerge from her long sojourn as a cult star to become a genuine pop star.
It's a natural story for the tabloids, but it caught them all with their pants down when it first appeared in a long, entertaining piece in the Washington Post .
The easternmost stretch of the Royal Mile — only 50 m- (55 yards-) long — is called Abbey Strand.
John Gillespie, a population biologist now at the University of California at Davis, showed some years ago that amino acid substitutions seemed to come in short bursts that accumulate over long periods of time to a rough molecular clock that “stutters.”
At a level of complexity above atomic nuclei, once into the realm of complex molecules, the universe will not, cannot, come to equilibrium, on vastly long timescales compared to its historical age.
It doesn't take long to create the calc sheets.
For the same reasons, leprosy is now called Hansen's disease , and mongolism has become Down syndrome ; people who were once called crazy, mad, lunatic, demented, etc., are now categorized as sick . All this name changing is mere logomancy which neither changes the fact that there is something wrong with the afflicted nor, in the long run, our attitudes towards them.
His radicalism, however, did not last long.
However, Delta did not stay secret for long.
The celebrant wears a long white gown, similar to a wedding dress; has fifteen maids, damas, with their escorts, chambelanes; and sometimes performs a choreographed dance or waltz.
Hugues’ reign on Guadeloupe didn’t last long, but it was bloodthirsty enough to be recalled vividly even today.
It didn't take long to trace the sudden interest in Twain's bovine toilette to the Nov. 2 edition of London's Daily Telegraph . The Star 's Carolyn Callahan was apparently so enamored of the interview Twain gave to the Telegraph that she tried to replicate it exactly: The first five quotes from Twain in her piece are identical to those in reporter Judith Woods' original, although Woods and the Telegraph are never mentioned.
There's a long unattributed quote and an unsourced reference to a photograph.
The process usually takes too long, and in the final analysis, the most severe sanction the AICPA can impose is expulsion from the Institute.
The development of Microsoft FashionSense 2.0 is long overdue, and I for one would like to offer my services as a volunteer beta tester.
Donald Trump is still shamelessly self-promoting, monumentally egotistical, and greedy, concludes a long profile.
Nearby is the Catedral de San Isidro, built in the early 1600s and long the provisional cathedral of Madrid.
Such a protein, A, say, thirty-two amino acids long, might act on two fragments, say, fifteen amino acids and seventeen amino acids in length, and ligate the two to make a second copy of the thirty-two amino acid sequence.
Increased worker productivity, in turn, leads to higher real wages and greater economic growth over the long term.
Since solute absorption is, in general, a slowly varying and smooth process, relatively long time intervals can be used and this latter constraint is not usually limiting.
I am just amazed when I see one of you at a dental meeting; you just don't look like you have been in practice that long!
I dream'd this mortal part of mineWas Metamorphoz'd to a Vine;Which crawling one and every wayEnthralled my dainty Lucia .Me thought, her long small legs & thighsI with my Tendrils did surprize;Her Belly, Buttocks, and her WasteBy my soft Nerv'lits were embrac'd :About her head I writhing hung,And with rich clusters (hid amongThe leaves) her temples I behung:So that my Lucia seem'd to meYoung Bacchus ravisht by his tree.My curles about her neck did craule,And armes and hands they did enthrall;So that she could not freely stir,(All parts there made one prisoner.)
It was he who led Venison to the loft above the horse stalls for long heart-to-hearts and masturbation as summer rains raised the smells of damp hay and animal excretions.
The Costa del Sol is an ideal place for vacationing families with kids — it is, after all, one long beach.
For the advocates of the butchers’ economic rights, the critical perspective was the long history of emancipating craftsmen and laborers from the feudal bondage that subjected them to a network of service and financial obligations.
Furuimachinami is quieter and more residential, with long, two-story, unpainted dark timber houses, lattice façades, and low-balconied verandahs, plus a few flowers and shrubs in pots or hako-niwa box gardens to add some color.
Store buyers succeeded by striking deals with apparel manufacturers for large shipments of white shirts at the lowest possible price and with long delivery lead times.
This was illustrated above in a comparison of the same total daily propranolol dose given either 3 times per day using standard propranolol or once per day as the long acting form.
As a political reporter, I desperately long to watch two candidates with enough self-confidence and authenticity to resist the prefabricated political dictates of the campaign consultants.
BankBoston is largely in the business of lending money at long term--say, 30-year mortgages--yet it offers depositors such as me, who supply that money, the right to withdraw it any time we like.
Dunhuang has come a long way since the days when the Silk Road camel trains stopped here.
Usually residues with long side chains have more rotameric fluctuations [ 23 ] . Occasionally we find they may bind with another residue within the tripeptide and end up being rigid.
screened for C-terminal Gal4BD peptides, 8 amino acids long.
The Guggenheim has three distinct types of gallery spaces: traditional, skylit rooms for displaying its permanent collection of early Modernist art; a long boat-like space for temporary installations; and 11 smaller galleries, each with its own character, each dedicated to the works of a selected living artist.
We postulate that a large fraction of H +-ATPase-specfic Cy-labeled targets (which on average should be 100-200 nucleotides long) were available for hybridization to complementary sequences found on the longer PCR amplicon probe but absent on the shorter 70-mer probe (for example, sequences downstream of the 70-mer).
Linked to La Maddalena by a 7–km- (4–mile-) long causeway, the isle of Caprera was the last home of Giuseppe Garibaldi, military leader of the Risorgimento movement for Italian unity (see page 32).
On land, you can fill your day with tennis and golf along with long walks and beach activities.
Molecular phylogenetic analyses demonstrate stability of these obligate mutualists over long evolutionary periods, ranging from tens to hundreds of millions of years.
Although most known pre-miRNAs in Drosophila , Caenorhabditis , mice and humans form relatively canonical stem-loops of around 70 to 100 nucleotides in length, plant miRNA precursors are often processed through exceptionally long stem-loops (many 150 nucleotides or longer) [ 14 15 16 ] . miR-125 is a member of the Drosophila reference set that received a low score by our informatic procedure, possibly because it may derive from an unusually long stem-loop (120 nucleotides), only a portion of which was included in the queried window.
I sensed my long search would uncover issues that were then only dimly visible to me.
There would follow a long war, the first real one in Europe since World War II, that would cause many, many dead and even more refugees."
Thus, Tat requires minimally the transcription of TAR before it can stimulate HIV transcription from the long terminal repeat (LTR).
Under the traditional model, retailers ordered desired products far in advance of the selling season because their apparel suppliers charged less for large runs and long lead times with long periods of advance commitment.
The cyclic reinvasion model for long term persistence of a selfish genetic element through homing [ 38 ] suggests that the small Thermoplasma intein evolved through reduction from a large endonuclease containing intein similar to the one found in the pyrococcal A-ATPase.
This hypothesis asserts that the trajectory of states leading from the initial state in a long stringlike “walk” will, over time, spend as much time in any small 6N cube as in any other cube.
Let us modify the device such that the cannonball, after hitting the paddle wheel and setting it spinning, is deflected downward onto the ground and digs a long shallow groove in the dirt, with high sides due to the displaced dirt.
Although TSDs longer than this have been found in new insertions [ 14, 32], it is possible that long TSDs are eliminated or unstable in the human genome.
In fact, the gross inequities and disastrous inefficiencies of imposing long, mandatory minimum sentences on nonviolent, low-level drug offenders are acknowledged by virtually everyone familiar with the criminal justice system who isn't running for office.
Each included a tiny red T-shirt, a blue turtleneck, pink long johns, and two pairs of socks--one lime green, one vibrant purple.
While a burnt-out hack like Lurie sweats bullets trying to be Levine (and failing every single solitary day of his long and lucrative life), excellent cartoonists figure out how to draw in a way that perfectly supports the statement they're making.
It takes a long time for him to gain the self-confidence to work elsewhere in the community.
One, IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long.
When Alexander went on to conquer lands as far to the east as India, the Aegean became a crossroads for the long trading routes.
You have no idea how long it took us to write this.
And how long have you lived there?
oy vay; oy vay in mir literally, “Oh, pain,” but, in its long or short form, can be used for anything from condolence to lament:
The fashion at that time was to wear very baggy pants with pegged legs, long jackets with high and sharp shoulder pads, thick-soled shoes, and long watch chains dangling from the belt.
"Noriega has closed every independent newspaper, radio and television station and arrested, tortured or forced into exile a long list of reporters," the statement declared.
A long peninsula with many dozens of hotels and restaurants, bars, fast-food cafés, and grocery shops (and more of each on the way), Varadero doesn’t feel much like Cuba at all.
Our camp staff worked all winter long planning some great activities to keep everyone safe and active this summer.
Today a modern tourist sprawl has grown up to the east taking advantage of the long sandy bay, but this has not spoiled the town itself, which is a delight to stroll around.
Having been only the second set of buildings erected in the country expressly for art instruction, Herron has had a long history of granting degrees through Indiana University for many of the state's artists, art teachers, art scholars and visual designers.
Portentously, Gunung Agung, though long dormant, chose this particular moment to begin emitting smoke and firing rocks into the air, but the ceremony went ahead anyway, literally under a cloud.
The aim of the current chapter is to explore the profound failure, on the scale of a suciently large closed thermodynamic system and, a fortiori, the open system of the biosphere, to come close to equilibrium on vastly long time scales with respect to the lifetime of the universe.
CCI has come a long way in the last five years.
Wotton, who lived a long time in Venice and was a lover of architecture though not an architect, published a treatise on the subject in 1642.
The puppet shadow plays called wayang kulit (leather puppet) are not so often put on for tourists — the plots are too complex and the plays last too long (up to two days) for foreign consumption.
Each sequence is on one of the sixteen vertices of the hypercube and connected to four -mutant neighbors achieved by changing a single binary symbol among the four from to or from to . Imagine that the minimal program we were considering were a -long binary sequence.
It takes a long time for him to gain the self-confidence to work elsewhere in the community.
While the clubs and casinos may not play on into the night, during the day you’ll be worn out by walks along the beach and other strenuous activities, such as collecting sea shells, enjoying long lunches, and applying sunblock.
National Aeronautics and Space Agency has had a long program in “exobiology,” the search for life elsewhere in the universe.
Their appreciation and enthusiasm for what they are doing will go a long way to thank you for your encouragement and support.
Have a long lunch at one of the many tavernas — the seafood is great!
But the long lead times they require will increasingly challenge such arrangements.
And at $20 for one and only $30 for two years, that's more value for less money than I've heard of in a long, long time!
Consolidating control over the rest of the country, though, was a long and brutal business.
Long production runs of the same basic item of apparel, with the same fabric, allow sewing operators to make major machine settings once a day, with only a few additional adjustments required throughout the shift.
And she felt a sense of peace, for the first time in a long time.
The exhibition is tremendously popular, so be prepared for some long lines at the entrance.
The student lounge has at long last (20 years) been completely refurbished due to a gift from Elizabeth M. Daily, J.D., 1967.
Or you could try a traditional embroidered hat complete with long silk tassel, now only worn during folkloric spectacles.
World Alliance of YMCAs - Craig Wells, long time member of the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis International Committee, was nominated to represent the YMCA of the USA as a young adult delegate to the 14th World Council in France, Germany in July.
There's Zen detachment and there's Quaalude detachment, and The Phantom Menace falls into the second camp: It really does take place a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.
In July and August that won’t take long, but out of season you can face a delay unless you pay for the empty places or charter a whole boat (fares are low and fixed).
[15] have now provided an answer to how the stability of sulfide production is maintained over such long periods and how the worms optimize sulfide uptake.
As a result of these differences, we expect that the second dress-shirt supplier’s financial performance will be decidedly better than that of the first over the long run.
Often it is a long, hard struggle, but the results are well worth it.
We noticed the same phenomenon in human cell-phone users years ago and were just wondering how long it would take to make the species leap to rats.
If the creative geniuses are long dead, master craftsmen continue the tradition of superb reproductions at negotiable prices.
Furthermore, as most states now mandate coverage of home monitoring equipment, the impact of variations in coverage of test strips, which may cost the patient more than the monitor in the long run, may be a more relevant topic for future studies.
Vice President, I have waited a long time for such confirmation.
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.
At most, a town might have a general store with a motley array of dry goods, based on a limited distribution system—one that relied on local producers and faraway supply houses with extremely long lead times and spotty delivery.
32 This implies that a far larger portion of the industry may be viable in the long run than the part that could be saved by “quick response” at the fashion end.
Their hair was worn long and slicked back with a ducktail effect.
Once again, if lead times are uncertain, retailers must hold additional safety stock to meet demand in the event of an unusually long lead time.
In short, the ergodic hypothesis asserts = indeed, assumes = that the system will wander around its phase space such that after a long time it will have spent as large a fraction of its time in any one tiny cube as any other cube.
Most of the long seams in factory-sewn apparel are made with a chain-stitch machine or with variations of it.
Apparel-makers confront frequent changes in styles and new SKUs, while textile manufacturers seek long runs to keep capacity operating round-the-clock.
Consider as an analogy a long thin tube with two ends and a one-hole torus, like a donut.
Does the phase transition occur in typical job shop problems as makespan is tuned from long to short?
Because of its long history New Mexico will always be a bountiful reservoir for the serious folklorist.
In the absence of sex, mating, and recombination, a rabbit with A and b would have to wait for a mutation to convert b to B. That might take a long time.
The eorts following Hume to understand the meaning of ethical assertions have been long, twisted, arduous.
At the turn of the last century, unsanitary conditions, in addition to low wages, long hours, and child labor, were the biggest concerns.
This marker, over 22 feet long, contains all of the 108 individual pieces of the shell fabric that make up six different pairs of pants.
They had narrowed their list to four firms: Charles Gwathmey and Robert Siegel are respected New York architects with a long record of university buildings and museums, including a new library of science, industry, and business for the New York Public Library system.
This hypothesis, which I here tentatively adopt as a candidate general law for any biosphere  a very long jump to be sure  is now open to direct tests.
There are also common cuts (“silhouettes”), such as regular, athletic, loose fit, and long.
But if order lead times are long, the buyer must order up to a larger number S to meet demand during the replenishment lead time.
The men wore “zoot suits,” that is, pegged pants, long coats with padded shoulders, and pancake hats.
Therefore, such machines are used only where long production runs of a given size of T-shirt or sweatpants will allow a payback of their capital costs through round-the-clock or multi-shift operations.
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.
After a long process of litigation, addressed primarily to the constitutionality of New Deal welfare legislation, the courts expanded the authority of Congress to legislate on all matters affecting “interstate commerce.”
In practice, however, retail inventory management is fraught with challenges, such as long and uncertain order-fulfillment lead times, and errors in product identification and record keeping.
That’s a long way up in mass and molecules from the minimal autonomous agent I sketched in chapter 3.
The piñata is hung from a tree, with a long rope that is manipulated by an adult, who is able to move the piñata up and down, so it won’t be broken too quickly.
The most common question we get from reporters: “How long will it take for the Internet to completely replace physical retailing?”
Some also wore a long chain hanging from their pants, well displayed and connected to a belt.
Historically, the textile-apparel relationship involved long lead times or advance commitments to secure the necessary cloth in the right style, texture, and patterns.
Mies, looking older than his forty years, wears a Homburg, a long dark ulster, and spats.
But Sinclair notes that, in the long run, the cheat will not work.
Tattoos of Christian images have always been popular among Chicanos, and the custom of tattooing images of Jesus Christ, crucifixes, La Virgen de Guadalupe, and other Madonnas has a long history.
She is always described as having long hair, down below her waist, and is seen wearing a white gown.
Should the buyer base her prediction on sales of only this particular size and style or would it be more accurate to look at the sales of all jeans in this style and then multiply by the percent of all jean styles sold that were size-8 long?
The masked men, with decorated headdresses, dance in two parallel rows, in bright costumes decorated with long ribbons that appear to be a combination of Aztec and southwest Indian in origin.
Over a long period of time, the M action states will be encountered in some order, yielding some probability distribution of transitions between pairs of the M states, as each cell is perturbed by S chemical signals from C other cell types.
The fashion at that time was to wear very baggy pants with pegged legs, long jackets with high and sharp shoulder pads, thick-soled shoes, and long watch chains dangling from the belt.
The water-filled bucket has now rested, silent and waiting, until the cannonball strikes the paddle wheel, whereupon the wheel spins, the red rope winds up, pulling the water-filled bucket up the well, up against the axle, which tilts the bucket over  you will have to imagine this part  and pours the water into a long funnel that slopes down from the wellhead toward my bean field.
In addition, the same body of theory predicts that most species go extinct soon after their formation, while some live a long time.
A successful U.S. apparel-maker, for instance, may assemble basic men’s khaki pants in average sizes in Mexico, taking advantage of low labor costs as well as Mexico’s proximity to the maker’s Texas distribution centers; at the same time, this company can choose to manufacture products with more variable demand, like khaki pants with narrow waists and long inseams, in the United States, providing fast turnaround for retailers and lower exposure to inventory risk.
Then small fluctuations of internal lactose concentration that cross the internal threshold separatrix concentration can cause the cell to jump from one to the other state of activity and remain in the other state for a relatively long time.
Men’s clothing has generally been made in long production runs with only small variations among styles in a given year and relatively little change from year to year.
Although there were many games played by Hispano and Mexican children, this one appears to be one with a long historical tradition.
In this period, a number of key technological changes appeared: sewing machines that made many more stitches a minute, long knives instead of shears for cutting, and pressing machines.
A typical production pants marker is about 265 inches long and 59.
She appears to be a beautiful, young voluptuous woman, wearing a long flowing white dress, with her face covered or averted.
Needless to say, a local, more expensive production line with long cycle times cannot compete with slower, low-cost producers, even when allowances are made for late deliveries, markdowns, and the like.
Marcus Stewart wrote a long epic poem in 1882 titled Rosita, A California Tale, in which he speculates on the life of Murrieta.
Imagine trying to predict how many women will walk into a particular downtown Boston store next week prepared to pay $48 (full price) for a size-8 pair of Levi blue jeans, with “long” pant length, “loose” fit, stonewashed finish, and a pleated waist—in other words, one particular SKU out of thousands.
They wore short, very tight skirts, with their hair high and long.
The long baggy pants were made for dancing, especially the jitterbug, and the wide Panama hats were another sign of adulthood.
So long makespan is like the bromine fog being low, while short makespan is like the bromine fog being high.
Native American and Hispanic women have a long tradition in the construction of adobe structures.
As a folk production, it is performed for entertainment, but it is also a religious presentation that is maintaining a long tradition.
Under the traditional model, retailers ordered desired products far in advance of the selling season because their apparel suppliers charged less for large runs and long lead times with long periods of advance commitment.
The middle board has a crack in it some eight inches long, a quarter of an inch wide at the end of the board, narrowing to nothing along a particular curved arc.
These are good arguments that draw on a long tradition of concern in the theory of equality for protecting the weak and defenseless.
Julius Rebek, a chemist now at the Scripps Institute, is fond of saying that the biggest molecule he knows of is Number 7 Illinois coal, a massive hunk of coal several miles long and wide and hundreds of feet deep.
Most firms die young, some last a long time.
In general, the length of a state cycle can be a single state that reenters itself, a “steady state,” or all of the states in the state space may lie on a single, long cycle that traverses all the states of the state space or state cycles may be any length between these two limits.
Instead of breaking up sewing into a long series of small steps, modular production entails grouping tasks and assigning them to a team to reduce the elapsed throughput time required for assembling a given product.
The battle had turned the tide of the war—just barely, mind you—and it was time that the president began to articulate the meaning of the long suffering that culminated in the gruesome hand-to-hand fighting in the Gettysburg fields.
Thus, if you think of a string as a closed loop, that loop might live on the long tube in two ways, either wrapped around the tube one or more times or not wrapped around the tube, but lying on the tube’s surface like a rubber band lying on a surface.
The girls, rucas (Indian girls) or cholas (mestizo girls), may wear the same khaki pants or short tight skirts, highly teased long hair, and lots of eye makeup.
This club existed until the 1970s, and it established a long tradition of performing Las Posadas through the streets of Tucson.
And as physicians, we had to adjust our thinking about our own vulnerability to occupational risk, and to emphasize prevention, because there wasn't going to be a cure for a long, long while.
A prized possession is the Lisbon Panorama, a 36m- (118ft-) long tile composition of Lisbon’s riverside as it looked before the 1755 earthquake.
The LAT piece highlights the massive increase in popularity and prestige baseball has garnered as a result of this year's long ball bonanza.
Within the long DNA molecules of eukaryotic chromosomes, some replication origins fire more frequently than others.
The long sandy beach and dunes of Es Trenc, the south’s best beach, were left to the islanders to enjoy.
A long feature blames Yasser Arafat for the failure of the Middle East peace process, contending that Israel has got nothing in return for granting Palestinian autonomy.
Over 80 million Muslims form the second-largest religious group in India — almost as many as the population of Pakistan — most of them descendants from Hindu converts of the Mughals’ empire, who bore the brunt of Hindu retaliation for long years full of subjection and an often unfair identification with British rule.
A phylogenetic profile of a gene indicates the presence or the absence of this gene in each organism by an entry of 1 or 0 in a long vector.
It used to be the headquarters of Jean-Paul Sartre and his existentialist acolytes wearing, winter or summer, black corduroys and long woolen scarves.
Coming after a long line of mediocre biographies of the Irish poet, the first volume of a two-part biography by Oxford historian Roy Foster is greeted warmly.
5% (12 out of 32 patients) may be taken to suggest that patients might have been kept for inappropriately long periods on floor care before being admitted to a critical care setting, or that the problems that arose were poorly treated in the critical care setting, or that the problems that arose were beyond the ability of critical care medicine to salvage.
The eastern coastlines of the islands break the long tidal fetch that travels across the Atlantic; on the sheltered western coastline, coral outcrops have produced vast shallow sand banks that reflect waters of myriad translucent blues and greens.
Sapper's design paved the way for what is still the most iconic kettle of all: Michael Graves' "Five O'Clock" teakettle, designed for Alessi and introduced in 1985, is conical in shape, with a long spout.
The long term retention of afferents in the cochlear apex in the absence of any apparent differentiation of hair cells raises hopes for cochlear implants in deaf-born children.
The long struggle by Christians to expel the Moors (a campaign known as the Reconquista, or Reconquest) began towards the end of the eighth century a.d.
After a long period of disillusionment--uncomfortably mixed with exhilaration at the success of the blitzkrieg--and as soon as Hitler decreed the invasion of the Soviet Union, the officers began to plot again.
, of the whole arms) translocation of Chromosome 14 and 21 involving the long arm of Chromosome 21.
The promenade extends west for a mile or two, between attractive apartment complexes and long stretches of golden sands.
I fear that this is merely another in the long series of specialized dictionaries of questionable value published by Facts On File.
Other nuclear genes also show this pattern, but to a lesser degree [ 8 9 ] . Phylogenetic methods can accommodate moderate amounts of rate variation among lineages without producing an incorrect phylogeny [ 19 ] . However, if the rate of change is sufficiently large, longer branches in a phylogeny will sometimes attract one another [ 20 ] . If that happens, an ingroup species with a long branch may move to a more basal position in the tree.
Just inland, parallel to the beach, the town of Sanur looks at first like nothing more than a long strip of souvenir shops, clothing boutiques, and restaurants.
But one recent British study found that RF may cause brain cells to react as if they were being heated (though no temperature increase was observed), which investigators hypothesized may damage cell function over long periods of time.
Building on a long history of close coordination of legal work, the programs collaborate through five task forces--domestic relations, administrative law, housing, migrant and elder law.
His grandson, João V, enjoyed a long and glittering reign (1706–1750).
At the supermarket, I stared for a long time at the delectable dark green foliage and deep red stem and spine of Swiss chard.
The discrepancy between actual exclusive breastfeeding behaviour and the perception of how long the infant should be exclusively breastfed is striking.
Today the long, 2-km (1.
"What they are aiming for--and have gone a long way toward achieving--is to control the origination of content and the natural delivery system."
Stimulation at 10 Hz for 10 s at 22°C always resulted in potentiation at short sarcomere lengths, but potentiation was not always observed at long sarcomere lengths.
Beaches tend to be smaller, in bays rather than in long stretches of shoreline.
One of the things I don't like in the book is a long chapter debunking myths of Vietnam (e.g.
Once in a cell, a dsRNA molecule is cleaved into segments approximately 22 nucleotides long, called short interfering RNAs (siRNAs) (see Figure 3).
Flights into Kunming, the capital of Yunnan Province, land on an unexpectedly long runway that has a dramatic history, commemorated neither by plaques nor monuments.
The publicity of private hair is a long story; it figures in the willingly shaven heads of ancient priests and modern skinheads, in the punitive shearing of male convicts and female French collaborators, in huge powdered wigs and elaborately extended curls or braids.
Since the long form of Rlk is palmitoylated on its cysteine string motif and palmitoylated proteins can be associated with RAFTs, we examined the localization of a mutant version of RlkCM in which the cysteine string is mutated, thereby preventing palmitoylation of the long form of Rlk.
Many of the people you will see circumambulating Boudhanath are Tibetans rather than Nepalis, and those with long braids and wild costumes are usually Tibetans who have only recently arrived in Kathmandu.
A full-length L1 insertion in the genome is approximately 6,000 nucleotides long and consists of a 5' untranslated region (UTR), two open reading frames (ORFs), and a 3' UTR terminating in a poly(A) tail [ 11 ] . The second ORF of L1 encodes three domains critical for L1 propagation: endonuclease (EN) [ 12 ] , reverse transcriptase (RT) [ 13 14 ] , and a 3' terminal zinc-finger-like domain [ 15 ] . The EN and RT nick a target site in DNA and reverse transcribe L1 RNA, respectively, to integrate into a new genomic locus [ 12 16 17 18 ] ; this process is known as target-site-primed reverse transcription (TPRT).
The Persians coveted them over 7,000 years ago, and they were stepping-stones on the long East–West trading routes throughout Hellenistic and Roman times.
Intensity was gradated in qualitative terms such as: light (expended calories < 4 Kcal/ min, i.e. walking slowly, cycling stationary, light stretching etc.), moderate (expended calories 4-7 Kcal/ min, i.e. walking briskly, cycling outdoor, swimming moderate effort etc.) and high (expended calories >7 Kcal/ min, i.e. walking briskly uphill, long distance running, cycling fast or racing, swimming fast crawl etc.).
You can drive there across the single-lane causeway linking the long, strip of dunes with the mainland (no buses or motor homes allowed), or in the summer catch a ferry from the pier by the old town.
There is also the famous story of the Fukawi Pygmy tribe who frequently got lost in the jungles of Africa; in order to ascertain their whereabouts, they would stand on another's shoulders to peer over the long grass, crying, “Where the Fukawi?
A 10 mW He-Ne laser (Model 1125, Uniphase, Manteca, California) with a beam diameter of 0.8 mm was directed through the experimental chamber perpendicular to the long axis of the muscle fibers.
A sizable segment of this long curving beach of white sand is devoted to naturisme; almost everywhere else on the entire strand, toplessness holds sway in the current French fashion, but nobody insists on it.
5. ANGRY MONKEY BITES STEWARDESS IN LATEST CASE OF "AIR RAGE" Fed up with long lines, cramped seats, indifferent service, and third-rate movies with the hot parts edited out, ChiChi ...
The chemistry involved in a hybridization experiment is often too complicated to be predicted computationally at the current stage, therefore in reality probe intensity distribution for a set is usually fairly wide and has a long tail, which causes all kinds of difficulty for data analysis.
Given the whiteness of those images and the long history of denying intellectual aptitude to African-Americans, it's surely good news that in America today, the word "intellectual" is as likely to evoke Cornel West as Susan Sontag.
A related problem is that t catch-up might not occur for a very long time, making its calculation impractical.
International vacationers have long frequented the idyllic islands in the Bay of Naples and the resorts of the Amalfi coast.
Everyone agrees that Starr desperately wants to refurbish his public image--he gave up the Pepperdine deanship, hired a PR man, and exchanged angry notes with the Justice Department this week--though the commentariat is giving long odds on his success.
Evidence that genetic factors play a role in some cases of premature ovarian failure has been around for a long time [ 19 20 ] . However, the small pedigrees necessarily associated with this condition make it extremely difficult to conduct genetic linkage analysis that can be used to identify candidate genes.
If you don’t already have a clear idea of what kind of man Louis XIV was, take a long, hard look at his palace.
The men were boys not that long ago-- delicate, confident paddling alongside their mothers through the hot afternoons.
A long video (Spanish only) shows what to expect before you set out.
After that it gets pretty quiet around here, but check in throughout the long weekend for "Today's Papers" and in case Chatterbox has a postprandial thought or two.
The fused cDNA was cloned into a previously described expression vector [ 58 ] . The GFP and C/EBPα portions of the fusion were separated by a 16 amino acid long linker including the epitope for the FLAG antibody.
And foreign tourists soon began flooding into the country to see the splendors that had been inaccessible for so long.
There are terms from general English: make a balls of `muck up, bugger up,' bang `intercourse,' outsider `horse (dog) starting at long odds.
The scan direction was perpendicular to the long axis of the myotube in a region selected on the basis of a low resting fluorescence and a high stimulated fluorescence (red/yellow color).
From 1506 to 1626, it changed from the simple ground plan of a Greek cross, with four arms of equal length, as favored by Bramante and his arch-enemy Michelangelo, to the final form of Maderno’s Latin cross extended by a long nave, as demanded by the popes of the Counter-Reformation.
"The man in the long skirt with the cloche hat, doling out these white feathers to artists of the past, and hitting them over the head with his parasol, is Adam Gopnik.
Al Qaeda representatives asked to inspect the uranium and were shown a cylinder about 3 feet long, and one thought he could pronounce it genuine.
From here, the long, narrow arcade called Nakamise-dori is lined with shops selling toasted rice crackers, spices in gourd-shaped wooden bottles, dolls, toys, fans, children’s kimono, and ornaments and souvenirs of all sorts.
Not a whodunnit at all, it's more like a postmodern western, the parable of an unruly patriarch driven to madness by a long line of unruly patriarchs before him; an impotent vigilante in search of something--anything--to shoot.
When viewed from the perspective of federal saving and the economy, the growth in total Medicare spending will be become increasingly burdensome over the long run.
These long, slim vessels were specially designed to outrun the Union navy’s picket ships.
She looked into the back of the bakery and could see a long, heavy, wooden table with aluminum pie pans stacked at one end; and beside the table a metal container filled with empty racks.
Although the evidence presented here demonstrates that there is a long way to go before developing countries contribute a more equitable share to the international scientific community, there are also reasons to be optimistic.
But most critics say Jackie Brown lacks Pulp Fiction 's inventiveness and drags on too long (2 and a half hours).
For example, despite micromolar K d values for calmodulin-IQ peptide interactions, calmodulin remains bound to Myo1c during long gel-filtration or centrifugation experiments, even at nanomolar Myo1c concentrations (Fig.
Ramadan Bairam is a month long celebration when Moslems fast during the hours of daylight.
I suspect one reason is that a thousand years is just too long a period of time.
Here, a Spirit Way (Shen Dao) 61⁄2 km (4 miles) long — the most renowned graveyard entrance in China — forms a grand introduction to the valley.
In a strange way, it seems clear that people were looking for an excuse to sell, not simply to lock in profits for the quarter but also because the bull market had lasted too long and had risen too high.
Tomato FPP was originally isolated in a yeast two hybrid screen with MAF1, a small plant-specific protein associated with the nuclear envelope [ 36 ] . Because the full Arabidopsis genome does not appear to contain genes for lamins, it is of particular interest to investigate which other long coiled-coil proteins might functionally replace lamins in the plant kingdom.
Four years later, Barcelona was at long last given the right to trade with the colonies of the New World.
Her part makes no sense, but watching those long limbs flying through the air, I never felt like complaining.
It was then used to expose a phosphorplate for 12 hours, which was scanned using a phosphorimager (Model 445 SI, Molecular Dynamics) to identify the array spots having long stretches of poly(dA).
The displays include a full-scale reproduction of a nagaya (one of the long, single-story row houses typical of the Edo period).
Whatever license he had was earned over a long, long time by drawing a clear line between his creations and his journalism, and by scrupulously honoring an unarticulated deal with his readers that he wouldn't lose track of which was which, so they wouldn't, either.
Interestingly, the IFN response requires long dsRNA [ 5 6 ] , and it has been conjectured that the improved specificity of the 21-nucleotide long dsRNA in cultured mammalian cells is probably due to their inability to activate the IFN response [ 2 ] . We provide several lines of direct and indirect evidence that the dsRNAs described here did not activate a general IFN response.
A long, narrow corridor lined with shelves (for trays of food) leads to the Courtyard of the Women Servants, from which you enter the Apartments of the Valide Sultan (the sultan’s mother, who was the most powerful woman in the Harem).
But this decision is a long, long way from a trial.
The EDCTP hopes to contribute to this essential endeavor by funding clinical trials that are sustainable in the long term.
But the English flag did not fly over San Juan for long.
But that was a long, long time ago, and the connection grows faint.
The Y chromosome shows strong internal sequence similarity, some of which arises from strikingly long duplications (from several of the order of 100 kb to a duplication of almost 1 Mb near the q-terminus of the euchromatic region).
Although its museum has a large exhibition of the history of Japanese and foreign money, it is best known for its long avenue of magnificent late-blooming cherry trees, the city’s finest.
The consumer-centric "long boom" of the 1990s seems utterly distant from the dry post-industrial world Bell describes, full of references to Weber, Rousseau, Locke, and Lenin.
A long row of pastel-painted buildings offer the best in tax-free shopping: jewelry, liquor, clothing, and crystal.
The reduced version of a long document is known as a "digest," not a signature.
The Smc (structural maintenance of chromosomes) proteins form intramolecular coiled coils that have been observed in the electron microscope to form a V shape with sides that are 50 nm long [9].
Although commuter trains (see page 117) run from Boston to Salem, Manchester, Gloucester, and Rockport, in most cases you are discharged a long way from beaches and sights so again you really need a car.
Despite much prodding, Arthur obliged only by placing himself in a long line of theorists dating back to Adam Smith and Alfred Marshall.
Figure 3ashows pre-insertion locus sequence composition displayed as logo graphics for L1s with TSDs between 9 and 18 nucleotides long.
The last of its six halls contains a large reclining Buddha 6 m (191⁄2 ft) long.
After a long discourse on the ins and outs of his vote, Mr. Torricelli drops a hint that when it matters, he will not desert his party.
These can exist as long individual pre-miRNA precursor transcripts, as operon-like multiple pre-miRNA precursors, or even as part of primary mRNA transcripts.
Although the last in a long line of Algarve beach resorts (or the first, if you’re coming from Spain) is not, by a long shot, the coast’s most attractive, the beach and watersports facilities at Monte Gordo are enough to attract and entertain many serious sun-seekers.
The heavy threat of the ancient long skirt was long forgotten--that's not what miniskirts rebelled against.
This figure is a single page wide but is approximately 10 meters long (this file may require increased RAM to download).
Inside the mouth, a passage measuring 12 m (39 ft) long leads to a plain transverse chamber reaching 31⁄2 m (11 ft) wide, 20 m (66 ft) long, and high enough to stand up in.
The answer, of course, is that in the long run, it won't be free.
Within the tunica media, smooth muscle fibers were organized so that the long axis of the cells ran at an angle to circular axis of the vessel wall (Fig.
The principal exhibit is a 2,000-year-old Roman floor mosaic measuring 9 m (30 ft) long and 3 m (10 ft) wide.
LC-PUFA long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid
Opposite the entrance to the Barracks is the long white building that houses the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture.
A long, related story lists the ways that governments hype exports (exchange-rate manipulation, subsidized R&D, trade missions, etc.), and bemoans their proliferation.
Over the long term, the federal government cannot avoid massive dissaving without reforming retirement and health programs for the elderly.
If this is too long, there are shorter tours.
He prettifies struggling companies for Wall Street, but undermines them in the long term.
that antioxidant enzyme activity in the liver was altered following long term consumption of n-3 PUFAs [ 14 ] . We reasoned that alteration of antioxidant enzyme activity in the tumor by consumption of n-3 PUFAs prior to chemotherapy treatment could increase oxidative stress within the tumor, perhaps resulting an enhanced sensitivity to oxidative stress induced by doxorubicin (DOX).
When the rivers and canals freeze in winter, everyone is out skating — with long distance skating along the coast from town to town on cold, bright Sundays.
Hiss never volunteered to take one, but he pointed out to HUAC that it was "inconceivable" that he, a highly public figure, could have fooled for so long the journalists and statesmen who saw "my every facial expression," "heard the tones in which I spoke," and "knew my every act."
The second largest group of overlapping word pairs corresponded to the RRPE core, which is 10 nucleotides long, along with some flanking conserved bases.
Nothing to do for this file.
Often it is a long, hard struggle, but the results are well worth it.
Wolfowitz contended that the odds were "far more" than 1 in 10, citing Saddam's praise for the attack, his long record of involvement in terrorism, and theories that Ramzi Yousef was an Iraqi agent and Iraq was behind the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center.
Given the long history of popular belief in the intrinsic superiority of certain classes of people—men, whites, Christians, Americans—the philosophical belief in equality stands as a critique of commonly held beliefs.
And how long have you lived there?
His pointed ears swiveled back and forth, catching every sound from the bridge, while his long tail swished to the rhythm of his thoughts.
But of what use is a long entry on spoonerisms?
The long baggy pants were made for dancing, especially the jitterbug, and the wide Panama hats were another sign of adulthood.
La Llorona, meaning “the weeping woman” or “the howling woman,” may be represented as an Indian woman, an ugly old witch, or a beautiful woman in white with long flowing hair.
.. to a life long dream of adults who have never learned to read.
Even in Kuala Lumpur — as modern an urban sprawl as you could imagine, criss-crossed by expressways and bristling with skyscrapers — a construction site abandoned a moment too long to the tropical sun and rain will soon sprout a luxuriant growth of lallang ferns and wild creepers.
The magnificent room, 290 feet long and almost 100 feet high, is covered by a flat coffered ceiling decorated in red, gold, and cream.
.. as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely."
Northwest of New Providence, Grand Bahama Island was largely ignored through colonial history and was for a long time a comparative backwater.
My love affair with the IRT is a long one.
A short bus ride away is Cheung Sha Beach, 3 km (2 miles) long, and popular for its white sand and excellent facilities.
Thirty years is a long time to be part of the law school community.
He actually lived fairly long but was eventually captured, tried, and hanged at the age of forty.
They had wandered a long way from their home east of the Ural Mountains, and fell upon the land with such ferocity that the local people thought they too were Huns (one might be tempted to think this is the origin of the English Hungary).
The Court’s view that the purpose of “equal protection of the laws” was solely to protect blacks from apartheid-like legislation was so clearly narrow-minded that it could not hold for long.
And at $20 for one and only $30 for two years, that's more value for less money than I've heard of in a long, long time!
One long street climbs up from the main gateway, past a succession of open-sided pavilions and up cobblestoned terraces.
Fourier finitely prestated an infinite basis set for all continuous diVerentiable wiggly lines on long blackboards.
I can assure you that your investment in this institution will allow us to continue the long tradition of excellence that is Cathedral High School.
The casinos have no admission charge and formal dress is optional, though long pants for men are required.
In The Good Life, not a long book, Cabeza de Baca creates a fictional family, the Turrietas, and uses their story to narrate the rituals, customs, food, and culture of New Mexico.
We have a long way to go before we reach our goal of $365,000 from friends and subscribers such as yourself.
By day you’ll have to pick your way across the beach through a sea of tightly packed bodies — despite the inconveniences, Platja de Palma is an outstanding long (4.
By our arguments above and ignoring gravity  a grave mistake in itself  clearly our Earth system has and will flow nonergodically in this phase space for vastly long time periods.
We have a long way to go before we reach our goal of $319,500 from friends and subscribers such as yourself.
If the gene is frozen in the active or frozen in the inactive value for a long time, say, fifty state transitions or more, call it red.
(Dennis O'Connor, The Kroger Company) We are proud to say that we have a long list of donors, many of whom have been long-time supporters! "
The Third and final Punic War ended in 149 b.c. , though national solidarity was still a long way off.
To mimic the Affymetrix design of freely moving probes tethered at one end onto a solid support, in-house manufactured or commercially available long oligonucleotides are modified by the addition of a 5' amino group for covalent attachment onto pre-activated glass slides [ 5, 10].
In the nineteenth and even into the twentieth century crosses were built of wood, but these didn’t last long, being destroyed either by the elements or by vandalism.
Miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business partner and long time friend Clay Chong (they own NUVENCO Group, a San Diego based product and business management firm where Chong is president and Miyares vice president); Chong's wife, Jan, administrative supervisor for the organization; and JoAnn.
In fulfilling perhaps half of a medium-term oral agreement to cover a trial of uncertain duration and with long periods of boredom and discomfort, Michael Lewis is actually above average!
From Plaça d’es Born, you can view the port below, a long curving inlet lined with fishing boats on one side and pleasure craft on the other.
In order to identify more long coiled-coil proteins in the Arabidopsis genome, the complete list of annotated ORFs was searched with the keyword "myosin" to identify ORFs that had been annotated as myosin-like proteins.
The figure plots makespan, short to long, on the x-axis and the number of schedules at a given makespan on the y-axis.
We (the School and you) have come a long way--not only under our own steam, but with the combined help of many others.
Prison has a fairly fluid social structure, depending on the crimes committed, for how long and how much was earned.
In place of land came water, surging in to fill the 11-km (7-mile) long void and causing massive tidal waves around the Mediterranean Sea.
It is revered by Cretans as one of the centers of insurrection during the long struggle for independence.
With a ground plan the size of the Greek Parthenon and a structure half as tall again, this was the work of the eighth-century Deccan king Krishna I. In the process of shaping the temple and its shrines in an area 82 m (265 ft) long and some 47 m (150 ft) wide, leaving the back “wall” of the courtyard 30 m (97 ft) high, an amazing 200,000 tons of rock were cut away from the face of the hill.
Helpful guides take you down the long corridors and through the most interesting rooms.
The opposite end of Praia da Rocha’s long stretch is known as Praia do Vau.
Andros is the largest island of the Bahamas — at a little over 100 miles (160 km) long and 40 miles (64 km) wide, it’s almost four times larger than any other island in the Commonwealth — though much of its territory is covered by uninhabitable mangrove swamp and coral limestone escarpments divided by wide creeks.
Summer is long and hot, but the heat is tempered (or disguised) by the sometimes blustery Meltemi winds, which blow from the heart of central Asia, south through the Aegean.
more days through the villages of Malemchigaon and Tarke Gyang. The return can be via Dhunche or Sundarijal, depending on how long a bus ride you
A long flight of steps descends into a valley lined by stalls selling bright sarongs, carved coconut shells, and cold drinks.
Here even the bridges — connecting lake isles to the palace shores — wouldn’t be out of place in a Ming or Qing scroll painting, particularly the celebrated Seventeen-Arch Bridge (Shiqi Kong Qiao), 150 m (492 ft) long and built of white marble.
Pier 39 consists of two levels of open-air shopping and snacking, an arcade, and of course the famous sea lions who lounge and argue on platforms all day long to the delight of the crowds.
The long, narrow park stretching southwest from Haghia Sophia is known as the Hippodrome (At Meydanı), and in Byzantine times that’s exactly what it was.
FV-1 follows the east coast of the island, and just a few minutes from the center of Corralejo there are some magnificent, long white beaches and dunes stretching for some 30 square km (12 square miles).
The raison d’être of all the development is a long but not especially attractive sandy beach, which stretches undisturbed for some 10 km (6 miles).
The strategic importance of its location has given rise to a long and turbulent history.
The virgin forests were long a refuge for Algonquin Indians fleeing the Iroquois.
One of the pleasures of Shanghai is to stroll Nanjing Road, long the most famous shopping avenue in China, to see what’s new and what’s old.
Northwestern France includes a long seacoast, stretching along the English Channel (La Manche), around Brittany, and down to the mouth of the Loire.
The Ile Saint-Louis is an enchanted self-contained island of gracious living, long popular with the more affluent gentry and celebrities of Paris.
From the king’s apartments you will enter the Great Gallery, a long room that is home to 89 portraits of Scottish rules dating back to antiquity.
Take the train for long journeys, and rent a car at your destination to explore the back country.
The beach can be reached across a long, nostalgic wooden bridge that crosses over wetlands and bird sanctuaries.
However, a trip up the eastern coast from Santa Cruz to just south of Barlovento isn’t too long, and the rather serpentine road runs through some pretty scenery.
You can walk round the 900-m- (2,880-ft-) long walls, which possibly date from about 600 b.c. , though on the southeastern side you can see places where, much later, the Romans built bastions.
Following a long winding avenue planted with plane trees, you continue up the 392 granite steps of the ceremonial staircase to the actual memorial hall.
C rete’s long history is bound with its strategic position at the crossroads between Western Europe, the Middle East, and North Africa.
This semi-Italian corruption didn’t last long.
Hasidic Jews wear black hats, often trimmed with fur, and long black or brocaded coats — garb dating from their origins in 18th-century eastern Europe.
The site is below sea level (even below river level), hot and sticky in the long summer, surrounded by pestilential swamps, vulnerable to every flood and hurricane, and more than 100 miles (160 km) from the Gulf of Mexico — or anywhere else.
This long stretch of golden sand beach on a peninsula separates Manzanillo bay from the San Pedrito lagoon, another birdwatching haven.
Twenty-seven kilometers (17 miles) long and less than a kilometer wide, the island is shaped like the number seven, and separated from the Yucatán peninsula by only 10 m (33 ft) of water.
Chengde itself looks, at first glance, like any other northern Chinese industrial town, but the dreariness is interspersed with beautifully sited old temples and an imperial pleasure-ground big enough to be protected by a wall 10 km (6 miles) long.
A prized possession is the Lisbon Panorama, a 36 m- (118 ft-) long tile composition of Lisbon’s riverside as it looked before the 1755 earthquake.
In Roman times a long colonnaded stoa and promenade linked the two theaters, but only scant remains can be seen today.
It was imperative that his temple should be fitting for his position, and its dimensions — 250 m (814 ft) long and 130 m (426 ft) wide, with columns of over 17 m (61 ft) in height — are truly majestic.
The temples were the last stop on a long pilgrimage for ancient Greek believers.
The long, curvaceous, and crumbling Malecón (breakwater), a six-lane highway alongside the city’s north shore, links the districts of Central Havana and Vedado.
Barong: A mythical lion-like animal, the barong is covered in long hair and little mirrors.
The cave, 54 m (177 ft) long, 15 m (49 ft) high, and 30 m (98 ft) wide, is believed (because of the man-made niches) to have been a nymphaeum, a kind of watery boudoir for the Emperor Tiberius, who retired to Capri in the first century a.d. and built a villa directly above.
Beiras means “edge,” revealing the boundary position these provinces have long occupied between northern and southern Portugal.
Finally, at the end of a long day, take the cable car to the top of Mt.
Great Guana Cay, northwest of Man-O-War, has wonderful long, lonely beaches that run for miles along the island’s eastern rim.
To the north and west are the ancient sites of Ireland: Malahide Castle, the evocative hill of Tara, and the long barrows of Knowth and Newgrange.
If you’re thinking of going north, consider long underwear.
In the hotter months, start early or make use of the long evenings.
Boquerón, a small village on the west coast, has arguably the most beautiful balneario (public beach) on Puerto Rico, a long arc of fine sand backed by sea grapes and palm trees.
During the 1920s and 1930s, Cokorde Gde Agung Sukawati, ruler of Ubud, extended a long Sukawati family tradition of patronizing talent and craftsmanship by hosting visiting Western artists, including the German painter, Walter Spies, who stayed for 14 years.
Its vital statistics are impressive: 268 metres (879 feet) long, 691 rooms, and an estimated 20 km (12 miles) of staircase inside.
5 miles) southwest of Tokyo, Yokohama was an unimportant little fishing village until 1854, when Japan’s long centuries of self-imposed isolation came to an end.
On Connaught Road Central, you’ll find one of Hong Kong’s curiosities, the 244-m- (800-ft-) long Mid-Levels outdoor escalator.
Its eastern shoreline is one long beach of fine white sand (there are seven named beaches along the strip), which is washed by the translucent azure waters of the Caribbean.
The overcommercialized Coves del Drac (Caves of the Dragon), to the south of the port, contain almost 2 km (more than a mile) of huge chambers and spectacular formations, as well as the unquestionable highlight — a 177-m- (581-ft-) long underground lake named after Edouard-Alfred Martel, the French speleologist who explored the caves in 1896.
Shamu is nearly 22 ft (61⁄2 m) long, eats 200 pounds (90 kg) of food and 50 vitamin pills a day.
Silks have long been basic to a fine Indian lady’s wardrobe and also make magnificent tunics, blouses, stoles, or long, trailing scarves for a Western outfit.
The main attraction is the 26-km- (16-mile-) long sandy shores of Jandía that run from the narrowest part of Fuerteventura down to Morro Jable.
In the springtime, when the mercury is merely in the 30s (close to 90°F), the people dress for a chill — the men in their long underwear and the women in thick brown stockings and gaily colored headscarves.
The larger parks are quite expensive, so plan a long stay to get your money’s worth.
The most interesting display is located in the long side building on the eastern wall.
France is blessed with an astonishing variety of landscapes: long, high dunes on the Atlantic Coast; craggy coves in Brittany; vineyards in Burgundy; steep gorges in the Tarn; olive trees and vineyards, umbrella pines and cypresses in Provence; and lazy beaches in the Côte d’Azur.
Enjoying a rest in a shady plaza or taking a long lunch at an outdoor café are just as much a part of your trip as a tour around the museums.
Long Beach — which is 7 miles (11 km) long, in fact — is the last resting place of one of the world’s biggest ever cruise ships, the Queen Mary, a nostalgic reminder of the grand era of luxury ocean liners.
Every night from the 1st to the 14th, in a highly dramatic display clearly designed to entertain, temple priests brandishing long poles with a flaming cedar ball at each end run along the front of the verandah, deliberately showering the large crowd below with burning embers.
Ever since the days when the Mughal emperor Jahangir took Persian craftsmen up to Kashmir with him during his long summer holidays, the handwoven silk-and-woolen carpets of Srinagar have been among the best in the world.
Although the last in a long line of Algarve beach resorts (or the first, if you’re coming from Spain) is not, by a long shot, the coast’s most attractive, the beach and watersports facilities at Monte Gordo are enough to attract and entertain many serious sun-seekers.
Today it is known for its upmarket shops, and the long, pleasant, pedestrianized street of Calle Mayor de Triana offers just about everything for both tourists and locals.
The Old Town occupies a strategic position on a nub of land jutting out from the long flat coastline.
It was first settled around 500 b.c. when long defensive walls were built from Athens to the sea.
Coal was the logical fuel for the long trains carrying coal to the rest of the country, and Datong became the major steam locomotive manufacturer for China.
Among the entertainments they concocted to cheer up the long cold evenings was a play, Le Théâtre de Neptune.
Menorca is the second largest of the Balearic archipelago, but it’s tiny just the same: only 50 km (31 miles) long and 17 km (10 miles) across at its widest point.
The Roman basilica’s long colonnaded nave leading to an apse gave way to the Greek cross with a central space surrounded by arches and topped by a dome.
Its pock-marked, lunar-like surface, 60 km (37 miles) long and 20 km (121/2 miles) wide, is dotted with more than 300 volcanoes, yet onions, potatoes, tomatoes, melons, and grapes all spring in abundance from the black ash.
3. "Best thing a CEO has said in a long time: Time Warner's Gerald Levin to Daily Variety about possible successors to Bob Daly and Terry Semel, 'All current candidates are speculation and unless you talk to me it's all bullshit .' Of course, you wonder if the reporter then said, 'But I am talking to you.
We need to design a balanced strategy for the long haul, to attack terrorists and prevent their ranks from swelling while at the same time protecting our country against future attacks.
The long tomb shaft is decorated with excellent paintings depicting chapters of the Book of the Dead — the rituals to be performed for Egyptians to reach the afterlife.
The coverage of the investigation has been like the course of a long, fatal illness, with many remissions and recurrences.
It has been proposed that long polyubiquitin chains commit a substrate to unfolding and degradation by the proteasome, whereas short chains are poor substrates because they are edited by deubiquitinating enzymes, resulting in premature substrate release (Eytan et al.
Visitors then step inside the 75-ft- (23-m-) long vessel to examine the paraphernalia of the pirate’s trade that line the corridors and decks.
[Clinton's enemies reject his apology, and soon the House of Representatives begins the long process of impeachment.
If official records were adequate, good quantitative measures of availability might be the number of low-income persons applying for housing relative to the number of units that met minimum standards and cost within 30 percent of household income or the number of persons on waiting lists for such housing and how long they had to wait.
The east coast is an enticing mix of bays, long sweeps of beach, small coves, spectacular caves, and myriad tourist villas.
Great blasts of brass; a fugue built on a long, solid cable of a theme; climaxes that follow each other with the deafening regularity of an artillery barrage; horns that blare from the balconies: Nearly every moment seems calculated to matter.
The idea of enlisting the immune system to fight cancer has been around for a long time, and has led to the development of various cancer vaccines designed to alert the immune system to the presence of a tumor and to induce a response that, selectively and potently, will eliminate tumor cells.
He ignored Edward’s summons and instead negotiated a treaty with the French king, the beginning of a long association between France and Scotland that became known as the “Auld Alliance. ”
Oddly, there is no profile of Clinton himself, but there is a long piece about Hillary Clinton.
Specifically, resveratrol induced an elongated shape, interspersed with long, tortuous projections, in cultured BPAEC.
Explore westwards from Charles Street, and you’ll come to the Esplanade, a long narrow park along the Charles River.
So I can't even imagine how you feel, after shadow-dancing with her for so long.
Although several investigators have also found that an early menarche is associated with shorter adult stature [ 2 5 9 10 13 ] , possibly because of the loss of several years of growth due to the early fusion of the epiphyses of long bones [ 5 ] , most of the reported differences in adult height have been small (e.g.
Like a fish’s backbone, one main road only 44 km (26 miles) long links Menorca’s two main cities with coves, resorts, and beaches — as well as a handful of tiny towns — on the north or south coasts connected to it by a web of mostly one-lane roads.
"There's been a very long history in society of problems with alcohol."
The relatively long recovery time following the depolarization is due to the low Ca 2+buffering power of the internal recording solution and is in agreement with previous studies [ 27, 30].
The 6-km- (4-mile-) long, deep-water natural harbor, guarded by forts at its mouth and shielded from the winds by surrounding hills, caught the eye of the British Royal Navy early in the 18th century.
So I complained about this prospect, and before long we were back to the default situation: chronic late payment.
An interesting note is that the p27 Kip1mRNA has a long 5'-UTR that is 65% GC and is predicted to form stable secondary structures [ 29 ] . Thus, even though it shares these characteristics with the putative "weak" mRNAs that require elevated eIF4E activity for efficient translation, p27 Kip1responds in an opposite manner.
Despite its long history, Nanjing is most remembered today for its role in 20th-century events.
This tax-cutting initiative, which he is readying for the November 2000 election, will cap annual property-tax appraisals at 2 percent and exempt vehicles from the property tax (on the long shot that the government might start taxing cars as property).
It’s a long walk to the top, but you are rewarded with Pest’s highest viewpoint.
.. well, pretty much A. It's not so much that they're all saying the same thing--there are some substantive differences in their approaches to policy--as it is that the public has by now picked up the sense that those differences won't necessarily result in substantially different outcomes in the long run.
Since all costs are variable in the long run, it is reasonable that non-delivery institutional costs would decline over the large volume range we explore with this model.
Think Algarve and the mind pictures long, glorious stretches of golden sands, secluded coves framed by odd ochre-colored rock formations, and deep green waters.
In our simulations, saving only the Social Security surpluses will not be sufficient to accommodate both the projected growth in Social Security and health entitlements as well as other important national priorities in the long term (see figure 4.2).
The busy resort has a long, golden beach, and there are good, cheap restaurants in the old quarter where locals and adventurous visitors mingle.
The long catalog essay by the Modern's chief curator, Kirk Varnedoe, is a model of its kind, covering the salient facts of Pollock's biography, artistic development, and the critical debate about him.
Both the RACE-verified complete rabbit cDNA and our incomplete human cDNA are approximately 3.2 kb long.
Built in 1306, the complex was long part of the Imperial College (Guozi Jian), and its courtyards teem with scores of carved stone tablets honoring students who passed the nationwide civil service examinations from the time of Kublai Khan.
In the long run, even in this stock market, companies' stock prices will find their true level.
We interpret the bias towards long transcripts in TS-primer amplified probes as indicating better preservation of 5'-complexity.
Every night for two weeks, temple priests brandish long poles each with a flaming cedar ball at the end.
A family of novel long coiled-coil proteins has been identified from plants.
Lake Pichola, 4 km (2 miles) long and 3 km (2 miles) wide is the largest.
De Niro and Sandra Bernhard kidnap Jerry Lewis (playing, brilliantly, a famous late-night talk show host), Bernhard steals the movie, and the ending is guaranteed to provoke long, excruciating arguments about the difference between fantasy and reality.
Will the extension of ART to millions who suffer from AIDS in developing countries be the long-awaited breakthrough in the response to HIV, or will the emphasis on treatment detract from prevention efforts, and thus hamper AIDS control in the medium and long term?
It’s so attractive and so easy to reach that it’s packed with sunbathers all summer long.
She faults the biographer, Tanenhaus, for sharing his subject's viewpoint and not doubting "the Soviets' more or less total culpability for the long disaster we call the Cold War."
The second major peak in Figure 2indicates that the majority of TSDs with a score greater than 100 were 15 nucleotides long.
Take the long walk at low tide east to the cliffs of the Vaches Noires (Black Cows).
Even among institutions which are leaders in quality measurement, the current state of the art is to compare crude outcomes by condition from claims data, typically using resources such as the University Hospital Consortium database which includes information like length of stay and morbidity and mortality data [ 27 ] . Such comparisons can be useful and result in identification of problems that can be addressed in an organization (for example if high mortality is identified in patients with community-acquired pneumonia), but these comparisons often aggregate disparate groups of patients, involve long lag times and lack clinical detail.
Sainte-Anne itself has a long, broad beach used not only by fishermen in vividly painted boats, but also by families with small children.
However, alpha-helix prediction and structure determination have shown that it is a single long helix that extends out of the TPR domain [ 8 ] . Thus, this region may not represent a typical TPR and therefore, is simply marked as "helix" in Fig.
A generous selection of restaurants, from fast food to fabulous, satiate the hunger brought on by walking the mall’s long wings.
Pat Buchanan ( The McLaughlin Group ) takes the long view of the investigation.
Note that the dividing cell exhibits a perpendicular (90 degrees) long axis to the plane of the ST layer (see discussion for importance and comment).
The village is neat and tidy, but there’s nothing to detain you for very long.
It said, "Brown wants to give Talk the feel of the best 1950s magazines, such as McCalls and Look , as well as Paris Match . Those magazines have all been widely admired, but it is a long time since they were considered at the forefront of the market."
7 cm long Galinstan.
You’ll never have to look long or hard for music festivals in most towns.
And while Harris is undoubtedly sincere in saying the Corporation tries to be the "junior partner" in its relationship with its grantees, long experience watching non-profits pursue government support makes me more than a little skeptical.
Further clarification regarding the potential developmental sequelae associated with fish consumption remains an important public health priority, as fish remains an important dietary source of long chain n-3 fatty acids and proteins for vulnerable populations such as pregnant women, fetuses and infants.
The 700-year-old Wieliczka Salt Mine (near Kraków) — where you first descend 378 steps, then traipse through long corridors and see chapels and figures (including the Seven Dwarves) entirely carved out of salt, and finally zoom up to ground level via a fast and slightly shaky bare-bones elevator — is sure to be cool for kids.
Rather, a common word can become a trademark only if it acquires a “secondary meaning,” if, in other words, it is used so long and so exclusively by one producer that it has come to signal to the general public that the product in question is made by that producer, and that producer alone.
The obvious point is that enhancement of DT, whether expressed in absolute or relative (P t */P t ) terms, is much greater at short sarcomere lengths than at long sarcomere lengths.
It is 10 km (6 miles) down a narrow side road from Kediri to the coast, and there can be a long procession of traffic.
After incubating for 1 hr on ice, the cells were washed, with a long period in PBS for the first wash as described above.
To command and coordinate this long, exposed line, the Romans built a military camp called Aquincum, which became the home of some 6,000 soldiers, and in time spawned civilian suburbs that housed up to ten times that number.
Some of the terms are old, some are quite recent, but, in all fairness, it must be emphasized that no claim is made that any have been in use for a long time.
Indeed, while a small amount of the Rlk cysteine-string mutant was still found associated with the RAFT fraction, the amount of the long isoform of RlkCM in the RAFT fraction was equivalent to that of the short isoform.
They resisted the great power of the ice and caused a long stream of sediment to collect.
The function of the conserved sequence is unknown; however, analysis of the secondary structure shows this region forms long stems with intermittent loop structures.
The view offshore from its mostly stony little beaches is dominated by the island of Sa Dragonera, said to look like a dragon rising from the sea, and subject of a long legal battle between would-be developers and conservationists.
They are able to pass through for a long time without being stopped."
In the course of a long night, two Black Hawk helicopters were shot down, 73 Americans were wounded, 18 were killed, and the world's television screens showed images of an American corpse dragged through the streets by exultant Somalis.
From here, you can see across the long harbor to downtown Xiamen.
Under subboundary analysis (Table 1), the boundaries, as a whole, were found to be neither significantly long nor significantly fragmented.
News , a long book excerpt warns that Internet security is dangerously lax.
The fragments were denaturated at 90°C for 6 minutes, loaded onto a 36 cm long, 5% (29:1) polyacrylamid, 7 M urea gel, and separated at 2000 V, 50 mA, and 51°C in a 96 lane ABI377 DNA analyzer.
Because they are used as fillers, they might not be used for some time, depending on how long they are and on filling needs.
This discrepancy may be due to their small sample size of inverted elements, the majority of which were less than 2,000 nucleotides long.
The Shoden itself is just 6 m (20 ft) high, a little less in width, and 10 m (33 ft) long.
It is also unknown whether large doses of zinc have toxic effects in the long run.
By increasing the silent interval between pips until the difference disappeared, the experimenters could infer how long the vibrations (or swinging) appeared to persist and could then put a measure on the quality factor (Q), or narrowness in frequency range, of the presumed underlying resonance.
To the east is Platja de Palma, a long line of excellent sandy beaches that have been defaced by a sad stretch of concrete from Ca’n Pastilla to S’Arenal; to the west is the elegant seaside promenade, Passeig Marítim, of modern Palma, where luxury hotels look out over a forest of masts in the yacht harbor.
Though the two never met, Treadwell would often pass the long, quiet hours in the great editor's office, poring over Mr. Shawn's marked-up manuscripts of New Yorker pieces.
Summer boasts long, warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views.
Needless to say, this is not a position one could defend for very long.
2), while the long acting NO donor DETA-NO significantly reduced MAdCAM-1 at a only 1/10 the concentration of SperNO needed to reduce MAdCAM-1 expression (10 uM and 100 uM significantly attenuated MAdCAM-1 expresssion).
It was also the product of a coherent strategy for creating a more flexible, lower-cost workforce, a strategy that only worked because Cat was willing to endure a long strike and reduced profits (at least $100 million in 1991-1992) in order to get what it wanted.
However, it is not clear how long this initial openness to change lasts.
The topographical highlight of the Arrábida peninsula is undoubtedly the Serra da Arrábida (site of a nature reserve), a mountain chain around 35 km (22 miles) long which protects the coast from the strong north winds and accounts for the Mediterranean vegetation.
When the vowel sound in the noun changed from long “u” to the same sound as in coarse , a need was evidently felt to have a spelling distinction so as to tell the two apart in print.
The record before the Commission establishes that permanent residents and other aliens frequently leave the United States to visit spouses and children, to address family problems, and to survive during long periods of unemployment in the United States.
The long dream of independence seemed to have come true.
But a bumblebee with a long proboscis can also exploit shallow flowers, and, to some extent, a bumblebee with a short proboscis can exploit deep flowers, if corollas are not too deep (although they will still leave some nectar behind).
All the way up the long flight of steps of this temple, and especially near the shrines, you’ll be eyed by monkeys that are friendly, assuming they’ve already been well fed.
This move, which will bring AT&T into line with other long distance carriers, will help staunch the $300 million in annual losses incurred because 10 million of AT&T's 70 million customers don't even reach this $3 minimum.
The long period of strong economic performance has been accompanied by economic prosperity.
Their long wars against the indigenous people established their leaders as kings with a hereditary divinity, which the Brahmins (the priests) exchanged for a privileged position of their own.
Blacks, given their long "siege of denial," were even more deserving than soldiers of "special, compensatory measures."
In future, by marking individual cells with visual tags it should be possible to follow changes in nuclear shape as well as relative subnuclear position of the nucleolus and specific tagged genomic loci over long times-scales of the order of weeks.
In place of land came water, surging in to fill the 11-km (7-mile) long void and causing massive tidal waves around the Mediterranean Sea.
Oh, I how long to be a fly on the wall for that conversation.
For a long time, it was thought that complex behaviour depended crucially on the prefrontal cortex of the brain, but it was not clear which parts were important for reversal learning.
(From mid-April to October, boats run daily from Alicante and Santa Pola, whence the sea voyage takes half as long.
In the title in question les might be translated by the pronoun you and the whole title as: “So long, you guys.”
The values of Vm and Km are found by curve fitting, and then PA is defined as the integral of M from time 0 to a long time when no ethanol is present.
Before long he had exiled the king, replaced him with the youthful crown prince, and arranged to have himself and his family made hereditary prime ministers.
A long article by Whitewater specialist James Stewart examines Susan McDougal's refusal to cooperate with Kenneth Starr's investigation.
Here, we have used a tomato protein containing long coiled-coil domains to search the Arabidopsis genome for related sequences.
If you’re looking for a bit of tourism overkill, this is where you’ll find it: bars a block long, discos built like airport terminals, restaurants offering menus in eight languages from Finnish to French, waterslides, go-karts — you name it, Magalluf has it.
Besides wealth and leisure, there's a long list of other things we value.
Whereas the LPS of strain 144M has a very short O-antigen side chain, LPS from strain 144M(SR) has a very long O-antigen side chain.
The defeat marked the start of a long decline.
Prudie is a long way from her bridesmaid days, but interestingly enough, your dilemma was faced by someone on whose birth certificate Prudie's name just happens to be.
, carteolol, had normal calcium cycling, normal myocardial energetics,normal β 1 receptor density as well as regression of myocytehypertrophy and reduced connective tissue content [ 18 ] . Furthermore, administration of carteolol hasbeen reported to prevent the development of virally induced cardiomyopathyin a murine model [ 25 ] . In a canine modelwith left ventricular dysfunction produced by multiple sequentialintracoronary microembolizations, long term treatment with metoprolol,a β 1 -selective blocker, has been reported to preventthe progression of LV systolic dysfunction and LV chamber dilatation [ 26 ] . Similarly, our present findings onthe effect of carvedilol indicated improvement of left ventricularfunction and smaller LV volumes.
For 18 long months Michael could not find a job.
32The long day was not yet over.
But when Suleiman died, his empire, including Jerusalem, began a long period of decline.
And how long have you lived there?
She returned to her watch, regarding her own reflection in the long window.
For a long time he could only find two Yiddish words traditionally used by Jews in such circumstances: “Oi vey.”
In the novel Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison, he describes the zoot--suiters’ style, “walking slowly, their shoulders swaying, their legs swinging from their hips in trousers that ballooned upward from cuffs fitting snug about their ankles; their coats long and hip-tight with shoulders far too broad to be those of natural western men” (1947, 380).
Happy Winter Solstice I have not heard from you in a long time.
But "one day" may be a long time coming.
The implementation of a logical and consistent nomenclature, as illustrated in Figure 1, should be most helpful in the long term.
I was incommoded because the cutest young man was with him, but looking at me through long lashes over his muscled bicep, as if to say, "isn't this actually better?"
Detractors say the film, at two and a half hours, is too long and that Scott Thomas and Redford lack chemistry as a couple.
They are characterized by two clusters of long coiled-coil domains separated by a non-coiled-coil linker and by four novel sequence motifs.
Timmy, a long way from the Hollywood Napkin Ring, has luckily forgotten much of his life on the Boulevards and the men who were kind to him only to get him in the back seat of a car. "
There is a long amiable letter to the young Lafayette in 1779, in which Washington, in a giddy mood, drifts into a reverie about competing for Lafayette's young wife with Lafayette himself--a funny bit of teasing, followed abruptly by a rueful reassurance, worthy of Stendhal himself, that "amidst all the wonders recorded in holy writ no instance can be produced where a Woman from real inclination has preferred an old man."
And remember what your Grandmother probably said to you a long time ago-what doesn't kill you probably makes you stronger.
A long dream of torture…my father wanted to kill Eubie, our youngest brother.
At 30-1, he was the longest long shot to win the Derby since 1940 and was only the second horse to win from the 16 th post in this century.
Second, as discussed above, collecting the data over a relatively long period by different physicians has implications for consistency of data collection.
You have a long, but history-enriched journey to make. "
It's not that long.
So where does the supply of sulfide come from at seeps that enables such large aggregations to be maintained for so long?
With highly stylized sincerity, long eyelashes down, he tells Karen he is at her service. "
The past casts shadows on him that are too long.
Nevertheless, GAO is the only agency that can consistently provide the Congress and the executive branch with analysis, options, and recommendations that are long range, broad, in coverage, and integrated in the development and presentation of critical information.
We had almost-completely lovely times with our young bodies together ejaculating enough to clear the major toxins (leaving what were, after all, only subsidiary poisons of sexual deviation and guilt felt by some who were out of phase with cosmic duality of sex vision), , although we went out/in on long and fulfilling trips together.
I ask you, can there be any food one wants less in the middle of a long jog than yogurt, only more viscous?
Because the model in equation (1) was dynamic, the long run impact of an explanatory variable on weight was the estimated coefficient in equation (1) divided by (1-a 8 ). Indicator variables for the observations from Exams 3 and 4 were included in the model to allow different time means in all 4 examinations.
The WP runs a long story inside claiming to move the ball forward on the question of how George W. Bush came to get a slot in the Texas Air National Guard.
The survey also found that many people-particularly those planning to work the longest-underestimate how long they will live in retirement.
Elaborately moving his tongue in his long drowse, he fell into the reverie mentioned earlier as his brain cells clicked on sweet scents of seawrack.
In an interview with the British broadcasting weekly Radio Times , Woody Allen insisted he bears no grudge against Mia Farrow, who won a long and bitter custody battle against him.
For example, using circles we cannot expect to pick up an outbreak that is very long and narrow such as a one-block area on each side of Broadway, stretching from southern to northern Manhattan.
A new constitution that is being drafted proposes that the long leases granted to some wealthy ranchers, some of which exceed 950 years, be reduced to 99 years.
A quick rundown, then, of her long and impressive career: It begins in Quebec, where Gallant was born and lived till the age of 27.
3B) there is a long delay (about 40 minutes) before any significant PO absorption occurs.
Clearly, short makespan makes the problem hard, long makespan makes the problem easy.
Thirty-five years is a long time to have been a part of the law school community.
Despite these possibilities, scientific polling has a long, reliable history, whereas "straw polling" has a long history of total unreliability.
Over its long history, the cathedral has witnessed many momentous occasions.
3CNote the parallel long axis of dividing cells to the plane of ST and relatively wide ST (~8 μm, orange arrows).
Slapstick comedy may have started a long time ago.
One, IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long.
Her status as an American who fled both Hitler and Stalin gives Albright a certain moral authority, just as her success, against long odds, as a woman in a man's world makes her an appealing figure.
There’s no shortage of places to go or things to do, and no need to take a long novel to fill those quiet moments — there just won’t be any.
We report here long term retention of cochlear sensory neurons for at least 6 months, in particular in the cochlear apex, in Brn3c null mutant mice.
To generate a restriction-free region at the 5' side of the cDNA cloning site (EcoR I-Xho I) a 860 bp long PCR fragment of human genomic DNA (primers: CCCCAAGCTTGAGTATGAACAAATTTACTTTCTTCTTTC and CCGGCGCGCCTCCTAAAGTGCTGGATTATAG) devoid of Alu I, Dpn I, Dde I, Hinf I and Rsa I was inserted between the Hind III and Asc I site of the vectors.
There are two main reasons why certain trials are not published: one is that the pharmaceutical industry has a long history of suppressing data that are commercially unfavorable and the second is that medical journals and the popular media favor publication of positive over negative trials (after all, negative trials do not make for a provocative newspaper headline).
Combining treatment with prevention efforts will reduce the resource needs for treatment substantially in the long term (Figure 2).
These regions probably emerged, respectively, through duplication and divergence of a simple α-helical unit or through stabilization of long loops by selection for hydrophobic residues, resulting in the formation of the core units of the β-meanders.
Attempts to understand and capture structural features were first done as inter residue contact statistics [ 2 3 ] involving long range interactions.
Conservation expenditure in the developed world is only about a third of what is needed for effective protection of 15% of the earth's terrestrial habitats, an area just large enough to preserve a representative sample of species, habitats, and ecosystems in the medium to long term (Balmford et al.
The rice ORF (OsFPP) resembles structurally more the second group of Arabidopsis ORFs, with two shorter stretches of coiled-coil domains separated by a long linker.
The U.S. has been able to invest more than it saves by borrowing from abroad, but economists question whether this is a viable strategy for the long term.
The "National Climate Change Technology Initiative" will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies, recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century.
In contrast, antisense transcripts that originate from the same genomic region (but with opposing orientation) have, by virtue of their common but complementary origin, the potential to form long perfect duplexes.
Many conferees believe that increasing salaries and benefits and developing loan forgiveness programs will go a long way to attracting a more diverse staff.
An average predicted hOR is approximately 315 amino acids long, whereas the shortest OR included in the list of full-length receptors according to our criteria is 291 amino acids (hORo6.
She notes, “So we have a long way to go.
In the present report we report findings on alterations in osteoclast morphology following long term administration of high doses of 17β-estradiol to B6D2F1 mice.
Similar long term retention of apical afferents exists in the deaf white cat [ 25 ] and should be explored in other model systems with embryonic and neonatal hair cell loss [ 37 38 ] .
9If spending were to keep pace with population growth and inflation over the long term, discretionary spending would generally grow slower than the economy and the long-term budget surplus/deficit would be improved.
Bin Ladin said in his ABC interview that he and his followers had been preparing in Somalia for another long struggle, like that against the Soviets in Afghanistan, but "the United States rushed out of Somalia in shame and disgrace."
The deviation from expected results from an excess of short and long spacer intervals, indicating that CNCSs are clustered in the Drosophila genome.
So if you know the rate at which an organism burns fuel—or if you know how big and hot it is, and apply the metabolic theory—you can make a suite of predictions about its biology, such as how fast it will grow and reproduce, and how long it will live.
This option is useful when the input alignment is long, or one expects different types of functionalities within a given alignment.
We used a modified version of the long flanking homology PCR technique [ 17 ] to produce pct1Δ and pce1Δ gene disruption cassettes in which the open reading frames were replaced by the kanMX gene.
Some filaments moved a long distance across the field with a velocity up to approximately 0.4 μm/sec before stopping.
As figure 1.10 shows, the cost of these two programs combined would nearly double as a share of the payroll tax base over the long term.
The output of these systems, however, while accurately representing the long list of positions of exact repeats, does not provide any overview or summary of the repetitive structure of the sequence.
The calculation of the total absorption for this low dose is critically dependent on the accuracy of the venous blood measurements at long times.
21The golden rule saving rate maximizes consumption per capita over the long run.
The career criminal program aimed at "swift and certain" justice by trying to expedite and strengthen processing of individuals who had long criminal histories at the time of apprehension.
These lesions tend to have a uniform appearance throughout most of their long existence, even from the smallest size (i.e.
The present study represents the first attempt to evaluate patient QoL over a relatively long period in a large, randomized, placebo-controlled sepsis trial.
How long one brief intervention may affect patients' behavior is unclear.
These findings need to be validated by long term parasite monitoring of identified individual tigers.
A study was undertaken to correlate the phenotypic changes corresponding to the cytotoxic potential of human peripheral blood lymphocytes after long term in vitro stimulation with IL-2 and IL-12 cytokines.
A national phone survey found that blacks were more likely than whites to report that their physician did not inquire sufficiently about their illness, did not tell them how long it would take for prescribed medicine to work, did not explain the seriousness of their illness or injury and did not discuss test or examination findings.
The PRELI/MSF1p' domain is approximately 170 residues long and is predicted to assume a globular α + β fold with six β strands and four α helices (Figure 3).
The shift to a more technologically based economy raises long term concerns about education, while population growth and geographic shifts, such as urban sprawl, place greater strains on transportation and other infrastructure.
In fact, given the key trends identified in GAO's recent strategic plan for supporting the Congress and our long range fiscal challenges, it is appropriate to ask three key questions: (1) what should the federal government do in the 21st century?
A previous study on Siberian hamsters [ 30 ] reported a similar dissociation between endogenous timing of reproductive and nonreproductive responses to constant short photoperiod similar to the results in experiment 2. Siberian hamsters in constant short days, but not long days, underwent two cycles of a seasonal rhythm in testis size, but reproductive changes in the second cycle were not accompanied by a typical winter molt, and there was inconclusive evidence for a body weight rhythm [ 30 ] . However, the results of experiment 2 were not consistent between SD and INT treatments.
The whole GPC5 gene is 2558 bp long and encodes 572 amino acids.
TSDs were required to be at least nine nucleotides long.
RNA interference (RNAi), mediated by short interfering double-stranded RNA molecules (siRNA or dsRNA), is now recognized as a major mechanism of post-transcriptional gene silencing (PTGS) in essentially all eukaryotes [ 16 ] . Recently, the technique has been successfully applied to cultured mammalian cells, whereby introduction of 21-nucleotide long synthetic dsRNA molecules corresponding to specific mRNA sequences effectively and specifically degraded the cognate mRNAs and abrogated the expression of the corresponding proteins [ 17 18 ] . This prompted us to test a similar approach to knockdown PfPP1 function in the erythrocytic P. falciparum stages.
“It's a huge long process to get a decent antibiotic.”
The intensity of spots in an image is a function of how long the phosphorimager plate was exposed, as well as factors such as the efficiency of probe labeling.
Some of the other conserved regions consist of β-meanders with unusually long β-strands.
All known invertebrate Runx gene products begin with long 5'UTRs and N-terminal amino acid sequences that are more like those of the products from the proximal promoter (P2) of the vertebrate genes, suggesting that P2 is the primitive promoter.
It had been a long time since he flagged a ride with his thumb, but he was desperate.
He said the Association recognizes that many foreign service officers frequently travel long distances and would therefore receive considerable benefits from such legislation.
The USDOL lacks adequate resources to enforce its regulations, April Testimony at 57 (testimony of Jack Londen, Attorney at Law), and has a long history of weak enforcement of the H-2A program.
The proposed recursive definition of similar segment length overcomes the finite word length limitation and provides a practical method for recovering exact distances for arbitrarily long similar segments.
“But it was a real long shot.”
But for all its promise, RNAi therapy is a long way from entering the clinic.
The spirited pursuit of the unknown—so long a defining quality of medicine—now seems seriously endangered.
The general evacuation time for the towers dropped from more than four hours in 1993 to under one hour on September 11 for most civilians who were not trapped or physically incapable of enduring a long descent.
The infra-renal aorta of 5 mm long, starting 2 mm proximal to the fistula, was harvested and immediately frozen in liquid nitrogen for extraction of total RNA and protein by using Trizol Reagent (Life Technologies, Inc.
In their paper in this month's PLoS Medicine , Jaakio Kaprio and colleagues conclude that “deliberate weight loss in overweight subjects without known co-morbidities may be hazardous in the long term” [5].
This creates long delays in determining whether a positive preclinical test result is, in fact, accurate: “How can one do an appropriate evaluation?”
As a further test, we especially investigated how well long mRNAs can be matched to each assembly.
01) is at least 355 amino acids long.
We should do more to exchange terrorist information with trusted allies, and raise U.S. and global border security standards for travel and border crossing over the medium and long term through extensive international cooperation.
The idea, however, was a long shot.
No matter what path firms take to offer more help, Indianapolis still has a long way to go to meet the need, Floreancig said.
Demonstration of long term protein expression by a gp120-expressing replicon alone, of course, does not demonstrate that the chimeric dengue replicons constitute an effective vaccine.
Both questionnaires were tested for short and long term reliability as well as relative validity (diet methods).
The RT-PCR products were 198, 274, 307, and 420 bp long, respectively, for these mRNAs.
He also said that if this type of legislation is not feasible, the Association's members would like to be able to use their frequent flyer miles to upgrade to business class on long flights.
Farmworkers' long and unpredictable hours of work may require that the attorney be available to meet with them at a labor camp late at night, or when work is canceled due to rain and the client happens to show up.
Multi-exon deletions are easily detected with the long RT-PCR method we used here, that requires RNA from fibroblast cultures, while Southern blot analyses of genomic DNA are much more laborious and more difficult to interpret.
For this reason, a relatively long constant infusion (e.g.
5 the thymic microenvironment in Rag mutants has not been exposed to abnormal thymocyte development for very long, and has not yet developed the full phenotype seen in the steady state adult Rag mutant thymus [ 35 ] .
Now, however, a long list of more or less tumor-specific antigens has been generated [3].
8 million) files the long form.
While FAA rules did not expressly prohibit knives with blades under 4 inches long, the airlines' checkpoint operations guide (which was developed in cooperation with the FAA), explicitly permitted them.
An undulating coastal highway completely encircles this mountainous and densely forested island, but it’s much too long a trip to make comfortably in one day.
Prescott Bush began his (forgettable) service as a senator only after a long career as a gentleman banker.
One sequence (B42), 72 residues long, was shown to function as an activator when transferred to the lexA DNA binding domain.
Half-size but still massive enough — inside, the nave is 109 m (328 ft) long, the transept is 73 m (220 ft) long, and the vault of the dome is 83 m (250 ft) high.
Though snobs and the stuffier sorts of pedagogues are toffee-nosed about regional dialects, poets such as Ted Hughes have acclaimed the organic way they have of fitting the syllables/To the long swell of the land.
Furthermore, guided by the assumption that sequence features conserved over long evolutionary distances should also be conserved over short distances, a secondary criteria used for the more distant relationships was that Z-scores derived from comparing families of sequences should show enhanced significance over that of the individual sequences.
The bridge across to Ile St-Louis leads to a blessed sanctuary of gracious living, its quiet streets lined by elegant houses and mansions, long popular with the city’s affluent gentry.
But that doesn't mean our long national nightmare is over.
In fact, given the company's long history of profitable growth, there seemed to be little reason to change.
From Dijon down to Santenay, the Côte d’Or — côte here means “hillside” not “coast” — is just 60 km (37 miles) long.
In the long run, worrying about all this stuff probably doesn't matter very much.
Good people who have worked in such jobs for a long time understand this phenomenon well.
Canada’s smallest province, just 224 km (139 miles) long and only 64 km (40 miles) across at its widest point, has a gentle rural atmosphere of rolling green meadows in the interior, with a coast of long sandy beaches at the foot of terra-cotta cliffs.
Herein, we will analyze the integrated function of the metabolic pathways, and there has been a long history of mathematical modeling of metabolic networks in cellular systems, which dates back to the 1960s [ 11, 12].
When the rivers and canals freeze in winter, everyone is out skating — with long distance skating along the coast from town to town on cold, bright Sundays.
Increasing amount of ~65 bp long unrelated (non specific) double stranded oligo did not have any effect on this binding activity suggesting that binding of p35 to c-myc origin region is specific.
In the middle of the long village street, look for a sign pointing down a road to the right to Gunung Kawi, 11⁄2 km (1 mile) away.
To exclude the possibility that the abundance of the 11-20-nucleotide long TSDs in our collection is exclusively a result of this aspect of the scoring scheme, TSDfinder analysis of this dataset was repeated without rewarding a higher value to TSDs of length > 10 nucleotides, and the distribution of TSD lengths remained generally unchanged.
Situated down the coast from Shanghai, this port town has a long history of overseas connections.
Gould's Natural History essay, in keeping with his long tradition of taking courageous political stands, argues against genocide.
We have previously shown that activation of promyeloid cells causes dephosphorylation of DEK and diminished DEK binding to the HIV-2 long terminal repeat [ 16 17 32 ] . In this study, we show that rDEK can bind to the DQA1 Y box, and that DEK in nuclear extracts participates in the DQA1 Y-box binding complex in vitro . Thus, we propose a model in which intracellular signaling modulates the ability of DEK to bind DNA, causing alteration of MHC class II transcription.
Aswan, Egypt’s southernmost town, has played an important role throughout its long history.
"Whether the United States will have a taste for the long haul in the Balkans, or will withdraw from Europe to protect its clearer national interests, hangs in the balance."
AtFPP4 to AtFPP7 are longer (866 aa to 1054 aa) and contain a longer N-terminal and a shorter C-terminal coiled-coil domain, separated by a long non-coiled-coil linker domain (Fig.
Varadero occupies a long, thin insular spit of sand, with water on both sides and a bridge to the mainland.
In fact, if there's one thing that is unequivocally true about M&A activity, it's that companies dramatically underestimate how much it will cost and how long it will take to make two companies--with their attendant managerial hierarchies, corporate cultures, and computer systems--into one.
The long, disjointed document condemned the Saudi monarchy for allowing the presence of an army of infidels in a land with the sites most sacred to Islam, and celebrated recent suicide bombings of American military facilities in the Kingdom.
Just north of Kyoto is Fukui, a prefecture long renowned for its unique combination of history and superb natural scenery.
So, the argument that we would simply have to find new buyers for government bonds is beside the point in the short run--and irrelevant in the long run, when Social Security will stop running surpluses.
It can be seen that the once per day 120 mg long acting dose has significantly lower blood levels then the same daily dosage of the standard form.
Each is reached down long roads that become progressively more private-looking as the beach nears.
And the emphasis on big foreign speculators may encourage Malaysia to control too much for too long.
Moreover, because the onset of Alzheimer disease can be hard to pinpoint, and early changes may occur years before the disease is diagnosed, conclusions must be based on large samples, followed over a long period of time.
Still, there are plenty of delighted folks for whom this is heaven: a 20-km (12-mile) long, virtually uninterrupted white-sand beach with shallow, clean waters that are described immodestly by the authorities as the most beautiful in the world.
And even if inflationary policies were to give the economy a false flush of artificial health, they would be counterproductive in the long run because they would relax the pressure for fundamental reform.
The helix-loop-helix is only 29 residues long, the E α-helix being residues 1-10, the loop 10-21, and the F α-helix 19-29 [ 11].
In the 16th century the Spaniards sank a well here to supply their treasure fleets with fresh water for the long journey back across the Atlantic.
Today's Washingon Post business section carries a long front-page piece explaining James Johnson's decision to step down as CEO of Fannie Mae.
Extended-release NSAIDs, or those with long half-lives (eg, piroxicam), are likely to enhance adherence.
Humpbacks are most commonly spotted, but you might also spy the larger fin whales (which measure up to 80-ft or 24-m in length — the second biggest species after blue whales) and swift, 30-ft (9-m) -long minkes.
It includes long digressions on subjects ranging from the European origins of private detective work to the gradings along the circuitous railroad route from Denver to Boise.
Long history in Larimer
The idea of a long, leisurely lunch hour is utterly alien.
'But we've done pretty well, and we're a long way from where we were.
Saying that “we are on a long term mission,” AVAC concludes that there will not be a safe and efficient vaccine in 2007, and that we need to “focus on the long haul and set an agenda for sustained and sustainable action that stretches well beyond 2007.”
This resort town has a long and usually uncrowded sandy beach, and there are several pleasant golf courses among the palm trees.
don't talk too long!)
Saying that “we are on a long term mission,” AVAC concludes that there will not be a safe and efficient vaccine in 2007, and that we need to “focus on the long haul and set an agenda for sustained and sustainable action that stretches well beyond 2007.”
The square’s grand, spacious effect is completed to the north by an arc de triomphe (dedicated to Louis XV) at the entrance to the long Place de la Carrière — also graced by 18th-century mansions and Jean Lamour’s iron grilles.
Dr. Evil dispatches a new henchman, a 400-plus pound kilt-wearing Scotsman named Fat Bastard (also Myers) to poke a long needle into the frozen Austin's crotch.
The road west leads to the village of Sabinosa, and just south of here, though only accessible by a long journey, is the Ermita de los Reyes and the forest of El Sabinal.
We have a long history of encouraging non-English speakers living or settling in the United States to give up their first language.
In most cases this provides a good approximation to the PO absorption [ 3 ] . However, in this case the approximation is poor because of the unusual long initial delay in the propranolol absorption (see below for discussion).
The rock face on the left of the path is carved in a series of scenes about 25 m (82 ft) long.
There is a successful pop ballad called “Lady in Red” that worries me every time I hear it because the singer, Mr. de Burgh, has to struggle through three lines ending with the words chance, dance , and romance . As far as I can recall, he pronounces chance with a sharp “a,” and dance with a long “a,” and then he finds himself in the disastrous position of having to pronounce romance with a long “a,” too.
‘Many community-based ecotourism projects cited as success stories actually involve little change in existing local land- and resource-use practices, provide only modest supplement to local livelihoods, and remain dependent on external support for long periods, if not indefinitely’ (Kiss 2004).
There are some three dozen centers along Portugal’s long southern coastline that cater to divers.
If tidy executions were the point, Florida could have switched over to lethal injection a long time ago.
There are several advantages to hair as a sample for analysis, but the single most important attribute is undoubtedly the long retrospective time frame to which analysis of a segment of hair corresponds.
To guarantee each habitant equal access to the waterfront, the farmland was divided into long narrow strips reaching down to the riverbanks.
This approach can only work in the short term, he argues, and indirect tools like debate and education are needed to involve communities in the long term.
He then burrowed in for a long read.
Significant reductions will go a long way towards addressing local concerns.
Those who keep to the old pilgrim’s path are in for a long but fascinating walk.
In the center is a long white radish with forked roots, surrounded by melons and gourds and turnips and squash.
The resort is one of the premier hotels on the island and sits on a long stretch of sand that is for hotel guests exclusively.
Word-of-mouth takes too long to kick in and hurts more films than it helps, and no one knows the names of directors anymore (except, perhaps, for Steven Spielberg's).
In both cases, the distribution of K s was approximately normal, with the exception of long and sparsely populated tails.
How long have they been doing so?
The increasing challenges facing the country over the long term have had a longlasting impact on the nature of GAO as an organization and on how it supports the Congress.
Today after a long period of decline, the area has revived and the granite warehouses have been renovated into apartments, restaurants, offices, and hotels.
PBS took the public broadcasting handoff from the Ford Foundation, which, along with the Carnegie Commission, had long exhorted the United States to start a public system.
From a macroeconomic perspective, any increase in saving up to the "golden rule saving rate" allows a nation to increase consumption in the long run.
Vast numbers of shops and workshops line the long main street.
How long has it been in existence?)
The 120-bp repeat alleles were present at frequencies of 0.73 (long) and 0.27 (short) and the C/T SNP at -521 was present at frequencies of 0.43 and 0.57, respectively.
Rua 5 de Outubro, a long thoroughfare leading to Praça do Giraldo, is the main shopping street.
Simpson civil-trial verdict wasn't on the Web until Friday, Feb. 7. The trial actually ended Feb. 4. For three long days, Slate readers may have been wondering how it all came out.
Their efforts go a long way in shoring up commitment from across the organization to strategies for achieving common goals.
Some 460 km (276 miles) long and averaging 80 km (48 miles) wide, the mountainous island is covered by the largest stand of lumber in the world, a boon to the province’s most important industry, but also a magnet for nature-lovers.
Bradley will reply with long passages from Cornel West, Hugh Prather, Robert Putnam, and Khalil Gibran.
Both long and short-term exposures to ambient levels of air pollution have been associated with increased risk of premature mortality.
The 100-sq-m (1,076-sq-ft) courtyard is enclosed by long colonnades with a pavilion at each corner.
(No surprise that Playboy 's April issue publishes a long interview with Eszterhas.)
“Different categories of conservation units can be gazetted on paper, but in practice they're a long way from working.
It is more chic than cheap, a place where ecologically sensitive hotels are built in restored 16th-century manor and farm houses, where hiking, cycling, and golf complement or replace entirely the long days at the beach.
Gates calls the Windows-IE marriage the latest "incremental step" in Microsoft's "long history" of absorbing "separate offerings" (e.g.
[ 4 ] ). The second class is defined by long coiled-coil domains of several hundred amino acids, which are found in a variety of proteins involved in structuring cellular processes [ 1 ] .
The ash fall also blocked rivers, but the dams it formed could not retain the waters for long.
Before long, there were many, both imported and home-grown.
However, if these hurdles were addressed, and if the military could then operate regularly in the region for a long period, perhaps clandestinely, it might RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 137 attempt to gather intelligence and wait for an opportunity.
It was rented out to English and Scottish worshippers in 1607 following the Alteration, and the Pilgrim Fathers worshipped here before they set off on their long journey to the New World (they came to Amsterdam from England before they set sail for the New World).
AL357553) revealed that it is a large gene with a coding sequence of 3105 bp long, having 23 exons spread over ~68.
Numerous smaller shops are in the Kokashita arcade, a long but narrow covered shopping passage beneath the JR tracks that is definitely not for the claustrophobic.
I beat the air with my arms and clucked like a hen and mooed deep and long.
Projections for the future are that the annual growth in the labor force will be only about 1 percent in the short term and that this growth rate may even decline over the long term.
Next comes Gili Meno and then Gili Trawangan, the farthest out at 8 km (5 miles), and the biggest, although it’s only 21⁄2 km (11⁄2 miles) long.
A LAT front-pager recaps the long list of legal precedents set in the case.
With LTRs only 148 bp long and an overall length of 1,207 bp, Osr44 elements are especially small.
After tossing off the shackles of Franco’s long dictatorship that isolated Spain from the rest of Europe, Madrid erupted from the closet, embracing a frenetic arts and nightlife scene called la movida in the early 1980s.
Navy commanders in the Persian Gulf are more worried about Iran in the long term than Iraq: Iran's beefed-up navy is capable of cutting off one-fifth of the world's oil supply, and its nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons make it a threat even beyond the Gulf.
This is a long way from our predictions at CASP1 [ 23 ] , and our initial implementations of these methodologies [ 12 24 ] . Yet there is much room for further improvement.
The Kamakura shogunate was founded late in the 12th century after a long and bloody rivalry between two noble factions over control of the imperial court.
When Y2K is analyzed as poetry, one sees a satisfying alternation of long and short syllables: a diphthong (Y), followed by a monothong (2), and a final, concluding diphthong (K).
The logical and timely rollout of such a program is hampered by an astonishingly long list of congressional mandates.
The red-nosed, mustachioed fellow with a beret on his head, a crumpled cigarette drooping from his lip, and a long baguette or two under his arm certainly does exist and can be seen in all regions of the country.
Sim4 is designed to align nearly identical sequences and if dissimilar sequences are used, the results will contain many errors and the execution time will be long.
But you can’t get lost for long, and in perhaps half an hour of driving around this area of Grands Fonds you’ll get a real feeling for the pastoral simplicity that’s typical of Guadeloupe.
His stories are long and involved, and they are best heard when you have lots of time on your hands.
Moreover, there is extensive scientific evidence, especially in countries with better and long lasting national health programs, that the prevalence of metabolic syndrome has increased in the last decade, which suggest that the disease burden (including type 2 diabetes) has increased as well [ 1 ] . Despite its multiple origins, obesity, sedentary life coupled with unhealthy diet and genetic factors interact to produce this syndrome.
Spices: The long trade routes north and east that came together in Egypt for centuries made it a marketplace for many spices.
It is the proper function of a reviewer to question the reason behind the publication of a book, though, in the present case I believe it to be that Oxford University Press took a long, hard look at the revenues to be realized from a dictionary that could compete, in the UK market at least, with dictionaries of similar length published by Collins, Longman, Chambers, and others.
CCI has come a long way in the last five years.
Their curiosity pushed them to build vessels that were strong enough to ford the open seas and reach these islands, marking the start of the long legacy of Mediterranean seafaring.
Depending how long this trial goes, you might be my guest in terms of doing my job.
And so I pretty well made sure, at the beginning of that meeting, which went on for quite a long time, that I wouldn't miss anything, so I took care of my bathroom needs beforehand.
and so on through the whole megillah : `long, involved story.
The fashion at that time was to wear very baggy pants with pegged legs, long jackets with high and sharp shoulder pads, thick-soled shoes, and long watch chains dangling from the belt.
Both a short and long acting NO donor blocked MAdCAM-1 induction, but the slow-releasing NO DETA-NO was apparently at least 10 times more effective than SperNO (on a molar basis).
A full-length, active human L1 is approximately 6,000 nucleotides long and consists of a 5' UTR with an internal promoter, two open reading frames (ORFs) separated by a 63-nucleotide intergenic region, and a 3' UTR terminating in a poly(A) tail [ 11] (Figure 1a).
Comrades from that time equivocate, but refuse to agree to his description of himself as physically repellent; they note his honey-blond hair worn slightly too long and asking for the discipline of a good brushing, a well-developed physique and a mind quick to discern tactical opportunities in the contestations with the emerging Nazi movement.
In contrast to animals and yeast, only a small number of long coiled-coil proteins have been identified from plants.
"I was, for a long time.
How long can we tolerate such horrors as, “It's me,” or “How are you?”
Over the long term, it is effective prevention that will reduce the burden of illness due to AIDS and the number of people in need of ART.
Dionisio, rubusto in his piel de canela, rubbed his penis against him, kissing deep as he could, and S masturbated himself to orgasm, feeling embarrassed at how long it took and how his descending balls were thrown around by the rapid and almost-painful flying grip.
Just as the art world is revving up for the Jackson Pollock extravaganza at the Museum of Modern Art in November, it's good to be reminded just how far along the line of abstraction and monumentality Monet had traveled by the end of his long life.
The cell in Kenya experienced a series of disruptions that may in part account for the relatively long delay before the attack was actually carried out.
Lemmy takes the cup but refuses the powdered opium Mr. Hahathir offers to scoop into his cup with a repellently long fingernail on his pinky.
The film--a long series of crotch shots on Coney Island, followed by a long segment of drunks at a cocktail party--gives the game away a little.
This aircraft is designed with advanced features to allow it to be less detectable to adversaries, capable of high speeds for long ranges, and able to provide the pilot with improved awareness of the surrounding situation through the use of integrated avionics.
For you-pale white-cannot trust love from whom you've loved too long
He is a long shot: He lacks business experience, and he alienated owners with his pro-player stance during the strike.
This length restriction was added to the merging procedure to avoid artificially long repeats that might mistakenly span more than one BAC end sequence.
But tonight, for the first time in way too long, Lemmy is to meet his closest comrade.
Over the long term, though, what I want to see is a steady upward progression.
Especially in the case of Buchnera, which possesses 50-200 chromosomes per cell [ 30] and in which nonfunctional pseudogenes can persist for long periods [ 31], selection for reduced DNA content seems an untenable explanation for its small genome.
Satisfied with their vital signs, she left them to drift a while; both were quiet for what seemed to be quite a long time, until the same female reappeared with a clipboard and a cel phone.
Even in nations where stock exchanges disappeared or were curtailed due to war or political catastrophe--such as Japan or Germany--returns to stocks exceeded returns to bonds over long periods.
I'll try not to take too long, but I get to do this because this may be my last shot as Chairman of the PRC.
He often referred to this music as the "architecture of life," meaning that Bach provided a structure for his understanding during the complex changes he was to face throughout a long and difficult.
A long profile of Soviet refusenik-turned-Israeli Cabinet member Natan Sharansky examines the struggle of moving from sainthood to practical politics.
It is possible for different parts of a long feature (especially the ORFs) to be detected with different annotations.
A long story shortened: .her grandson, the Tilden's grand-nephew, was rescued from a homeless shelter in Hollywood and brought to France by Mr. Sithole.
Not even the long limousine inspires a class-conscious hooligan to hurl a paving stone; the wise ragamuffin knows he's likely not seeing a mogul but some kids from Queens on the way to their prom.
For the domestic market you’ll find practical items such as the gellabiya — the long shirt-like garment worn by men — and T-shirts, normally featuring images of camels and pyramids.
In 24 children with inherited disorders of fatty acid oxidation, conduction defects or arrhythmias were the predominant presenting feature [ 14 ] . Arrhythmias in association with hepatomuscular symptoms and hyperammonemia have also been demonstrated in cases of carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency whose presenting features also include neonatal distress, convulsions, hypoglycemia, hypoketonemia, intermittent dicarboxylic aciduria, hypothermia, apnea, neurological deterioration, and hypocarnitinemia with grossly elevated acylcarnitines [ 15 ] . The accumulation of arrhythmogenic metabolites of fatty acids, such as long chain acylcarnitines, may be responsible for the observed lethal cardiac defects.
The fashion at that time was to wear very baggy pants with pegged legs, long jackets with high and sharp shoulder pads, thick-soled shoes, and long watch chains dangling from the belt.
The bad news is we have a long way to go.
And a long article summarizes research on circadian rhythms.
Reached from the Sanur-Kuta road by a long causeway, the harbor is where cargo ships tie up.
The fluctuation in the total absorption points at long times in fig.
More specifically, what are the characteristics of products for which inexpensive, long lead-time production is preferable to more costly production with extremely short lead times?
For 18 long months Michael could not find a job.
So bleak was the prospect that in February the New York Times Magazine ran a long article (by Benjamin Stein) titled "A Scenario for a Depression?"
The cover, given over to a long review of two books about divorce, deplores the growing popularity of the anti-divorce movement.
We derived great pleasure from attempting to unravel the languages and their cultures, and we found that the desire to understand and to be understood comes early in life, remains long, and seems to be universal.
The Shopping Avenger had a very long flight.
This is already too long, so later for Maureen Dowd.
"Forbes, Bauer Battle for Right," the Post proclaimed, concluding that because Forbes failed to break away, "he and Bauer are likely to continue a long and tough fight for the leadership of the conservative wing."
Why the long history of Albanian-Serbian acrimony?
A long string of modifiers in advance of a noun is frustrating and confusing to listeners; they want to know--right off--what the speaker is talking about.
She draws on her own experience, thereby making the personal political, and was for a long time the only female voice on the white, male Times Op-Ed page.
When it comes to stocks, rarity doesn't mean value in the long run.
Consider how long it took lexicographers to include four-letter words in their dictionaries; yet we know from long experience with spoken English that a researcher five hundred years hence would be wrong to conclude that those terms were invented or even came into general use at the end of the 20th century.
How long can ya stay fresh in that can?
For instance, I am not entirely sure what purpose is served in long lists of words ending in - ly that are adverbs formed on adjectives: a formula would not only have sufficed but would enable some words, like kindly and friendly , to have been especially marked.
In a market where tomorrow seems like the long term, the fact that 10 years from now the mouse will still be roaring somehow just doesn't really matter.
What is most striking to a person who has been reading budgets for a long time is how far the cult of presidential personality has progressed.
But after six long years of marriage and one child, he wasn't yet in "dying condition," Clare complained, "and I am not going to waste my life waiting for him to get in it."
A black columnar dress with long sleeves and a neckline up to the chin in front leaves the whole back bare to well below the waist at one side.
Yes, editor Gordon Lish used a heavy hand in shaping Carver's early voice (rewriting long passages, violently cutting text, changing the tone).
But that was 10 long years ago, and no one would expect a politician to remember that far back.
Also, more Madeleine Albright hoopla, this time about her Jewish ancestry: A long article contends that family secrets usually do more harm than good ("lies beget other lies").
His long awkward silences are punctuated only by unsettling smiles and chilling anecdotes.
A writer chronicles his own long bout with depression, a period when he couldn't eat and was afraid to stand up or shower.
They had to be that long, though, because a paper test is dumb.
Gibson chronicles his long degradation but can't begin to explain it.
In answer to the objection that urine tests reveal only very recent use of hard drugs, Bruce Reed says that before long, drug-testing technology will have advanced from urine to hair tests, which may reveal chemical traces for up to a year.
I have few data to support me, and my stamina are not up to long, tedious research, but I have a hunch that media —the main agendum on many a pedant's plate these days—is well on its way to becoming a standard singular noun, except perhaps among hidebound literati and intransigent intelligentsia on various university campi, in style books, and in other blessed receptacles of holy semantic writ.
"There has been no greater fundamental challenge to the drug-prevention field in a long time."
How long does it take for the hurt to lessen?
The town, we can surmise from this, has come a long way.
Which brings me to today's Duff-Perelman news: Ms. Duff has hired two new lawyers, bringing the total of lawyers she has employed to 23, and the 22nd of them is the divorce lawyer who argued the custody case in the divorce of the 21st lawyer, who was still on the case this morning, but not for long.
A while ago I had a conversation with the Voice's managing editor in which he said I was one in a long line of Embittered Alumni.
The Post observes that animosities between Greece and Turkey, long the most serious tension within the NATO alliance, have worsened with the Ocalan affair.
In a series of long interviews with me a year ago (for Worth magazine), I tried, vainly, to get Arthur to tell me how his ideas about increasing returns have encouraged a new strain of economic investigations.
"Certainly in the short term, or even the long term, I would not support repeal of Roe vs.
There are scant data to explain how long these new treatments will prevent disease and extend life--no formal studies have been completed that compare hundreds of treated people with hundreds of untreated people.
I had imagined the pronunciation of dastardly was restricted to two choices: either a long or else a sharp first a . Yet here was the Home Secretary offering a third.
. We feel this will go a long way in carrying out our responsibilities to the parents of America.
We schmoozed a lot and had long dialogues."
I took a long, long pull at Scotland's finest.
Much as Lott's principles tell him to punish President Clinton, and much as he would love to satisfy conservative colleagues, Lott knows that the president won't be convicted and that a long trial will unhinge his Senate, disrupt this year's business, and endanger Republican candidates in 2000.
His work is basically one long argument that natural selection, and natural selection alone, is sufficient to explain the seemingly miraculous variety, beauty, and ingenuity of living things.
I agree with you that sexism likely played a part in her long underappreciation.
You're absolutely right--it may be a long time until we see anything like Africana again.
This other dress was a "multicolored peasant dress" (according to the New York Post ), purchased for not much money on Martha's Vineyard ( Time ), that might not exist at all (according to Newsweek Washington bureau chief Ann McDaniel) or really be a long T-shirt (William Ginsburg to Barbara Walters on ABC's 20/20 ).
The earliest use I have found is dated 20 April 1806, when William Clark, in the Lewis and Clark Journal, wrote, a long ways off.
I had no idea what the Stones were, but it eventually turned out that they represent the Four Elements, and that the rubber tortoises, before being shot down, had left them in the care of a blue-skinned opera diva with long hoses (bellows?)
If you're not supposed to buy it in the short term, how can you own it for the long term?
He finds in history long waves of inflation, each followed by a crisis followed by a period of equilibrium followed by another wave of inflation, and so on.
How long have birth control pills been available by prescription?
Instead, the company dismissed the ruling as the first round of a long fight.
His long hair and mustache, his black gloves, and his sturdy, buff-clad behind made his leaps and lunges most historical, the whole thing being quite rare for a free-style skating solo.
The low part of the higher mind that Pynchon so pyrotechnically appeals to (the same part that responds to Escher drawings, PDQ Bach, and perspective-switching holograms) is not a part of myself I'm in touch with, nor do I particularly long to be.
Wilkinson, identified as having studied Classics, Old English, and Old Norse at Cambridge, worked as a Forestry Commission woodman, an occupation that evidently afforded him the time and solitude required to concentrate on compiling and writing such a work, though no indication is given of how long he took to complete it.
oy vay; oy vay in mir literally, “Oh, pain,” but, in its long or short form, can be used for anything from condolence to lament:
Since becoming secretary of state in early 1997, Albright has similarly done better on the domestic front than in the international sphere, enjoying a long media honeymoon, holding hands with Sen.
His armor, like a shell, over most of its body, and great long claws to dig in the ground.
He is in for a long, long haul in the wind and the rain and the sleet if he wishes to master the Galloway-Irish.
After a long history of libertarian ideas, he proposes a version of Murray's basic argument, which he calls the "nonagression axiom"--no one can use force against anyone else.
Further evidence is that the many Turkish loanwords, in use for centuries and with no obvious preponderance of one gender, are, with very few exceptions, fully inflected, as are Italian musical and nautical terms, likewise of long standing.
The Standard traces the history of the Promise Keepers in a long article.
But I firmly posit that the increasingly free flow of information that the Internet allows can only benefit people in the long run by educating them on the wider world outside their windows.
They are operating as judges have operated for a long time.
One dentist I spoke with called Total "the first revolutionary toothpaste in a long time."
The point is that the two ethnic groups have been living in peace for a long period, and something happened to destabilize that peace.
AT&T--though it is gradually losing market share and lives in fear of Baby Bells entering the market--still dominates long distance.
Ofanim , a long biblical cantata for two matched ensembles of wind, brass, and percussion; two boy choirs; female voice; and computer; is a highly operatic piece of the sort Puccini would have understood.
At Jean-Paul Gaultier, everybody was muffled up in boots and long skirts with caps and sweaters, hoping to suggest the Left Bank in 1948.
“tormentors” easier than “enemies,” and “long days” easier than “forever”?
It is "almost old-fashioned in how satisfyingly scary it is" (Sherryl Connelly, Daily News ). David Kipen of the San Francisco Chronicle finds the book tedious: Nine days is "an awfully long time to spend in the largely unrelieved company of one little girl lost."
This phenomenon, called protein splicing, was first discovered about a decade ago in the Saccharomyces cerevisiae V-ATPase catalytic subunit A [ 6 7 ] . Intein excision depends on the splicing domain of the intein and the first amino acid residue of the C-extein [ 8 ] . The inteins known to date are between 134 and 608 amino acids long, and they have been reported from all three domains of life: eukaryotes, eubacteria and archaea.
Before long, the streets and alleys around the temple were filled with music halls, burlesque theaters, cabarets, gambling dens, and watering holes of every description.
The opposition Zambian newspaper, the Post, which bills itself as "Zambia's Leading Independent Newspaper," published a long and lively editorial condemning the arrest of Kaunda as "a national and international disgrace" and "a lasting shame which renders the entire Government of the Republic of Zambia utterly ludicrous."
In murine pre-adipocytes, it is transcriptionally up regulated by long chain free FAs via a PPARα-mediated process [ 66 ] . Approaches using antisense technology, null mice, transgenic mice, and microarrays revealed important additional roles of CD36 protein as a receptor for thrombospondin, collagen type I, and oxidized LDL on macrophages [ 67 ] . The up regulation of Cd36 with FISH, and antagonism in presence of FUNG, merits further study.
At the end of the Ice Age (some 13,000 years ago), the glaciers melted, leaving a long ridge of sediment sloping gradually from the top of the volcanic hills.
People have felt this way for a very long time.
Accessible by a short flight or a long and winding mountain road, this traditional town is known as the home of the Virgin of Talpa, one of Mexico’s most noted religious icons, and a popular pilgrimage destination.
The old-fashioned examples are deliberate: Increasing returns have been around for a long time.
CD36 protein mediates long chain free FA uptake in adipocytes and other tissues, including liver.
The lagoons of Santo André and Melides are both easily accessible from Santiago do Cacém and boast long stretches of beach, ocean, and lagoon swimming, and small beachside communities.
Also in the New Republic , Jefferson-mania continues: A long book review celebrates the third president as a "great democrat," albeit a slave-owning one.
The ZAS gene family is an emerging family of important transcriptional proteins that have been implicated in the regulation of gene expression of the HIV-1 long terminal repeat [ 1 ] , and genes encoding αA-crystallin [ 2 ] , somatostatin receptor type II [ 3 ] , the small calcium binding protein S100A4/mts1 [ 4 ] , and type II collagen [ 5 ] via specific promoter or enhancer elements.
You enter the Haghia Sophia church through the central portal, across a worn and well polished threshold of verd antique, and under a ninth-century mosaic of Christ Pantocrator, into the long, narrow narthex, running to right and left.
To find matches, we of the Menomenee Boys Club had to travel a long way from the genteel precincts of the North Side of Chicago.
Levodopa, which is a dopamine structural analog is the "golden standard" in PD, but its side effects upon long term administration (dyskinesia, dystonia, etc, [ 2 ] ) compel the search for drugs with better pharmacological profiles.
A short distance away from the road on the way to Pointe des Châteaux, the long Tarare beach is another favorite with nudists.
If this has been going on for a long time, which is what Prudie infers, go along with the program without being honored or insulted.
The first row shows the fit for the early time points; the second row for the long time points, and the third row is a semi-log plot for all the data.
The library is the largest of any plantation in Jamaica, with over 300 volumes, including three first editions; the books would have been used to while away the long humid days.
“Every studious man, in the course of a long and thoughtful life, has had occasion to experience the special value of some axiom or precept.
The Saudi government, which had a long and close relationship with Pakistan and provided it oil on generous terms, was already pressing Sharif with regard to the Taliban and Bin Ladin.
When Alexander went on to conquer lands as far to the east as India, the Aegean became a crossroads for the long trading routes.
I have long dream'd of such a kind of man, So surfeit-swell'd, so old and so profane; But, being awaked, I do despise my dream.
In the 18S rRNA gene, nematodes typically have long branches indicating an increased rate of sequence change.
The Botanical Gardens have a long and illustrious history.
To pick up these changes, a paper test would have to ask more detailed questions, and soon would become impractically long.
The main town of the island is Fira, set atop the high cliffs in the center of the long interior curve.
Keynes was willing to concede that in some sufficiently long run, these theories might indeed be valid; but, as he memorably pointed out, "In the long run we are all dead."
If the populations have been apart for a long time, evolved differences between them will cause a certain degree of incompatibility when the populations come together.
But the town’s principal sight is the Via Crucis (Way of the Cross), a long, steep climb of 365 steps, lined with 365 cypress trees, that lead to El Calvari and the venerated church with a rhyming name, Mare de Déu del Peu de la Creu (Mother of God at the Foot of the Cross).
You could replace a cup like that, but I had had it a long time.
We will describe methods for filtering out both short and long period noise, aimed at emphasizing the periodicity of interest within the signal.
Edinburgh has a long affiliation with the game.
Finally, on a much classier plane, there is Fallen . This bleak supernatural detective story has a script by Nicholas Kazan, the talented screenwriter of Reversal of Fortune , and has been stylishly directed by Gregory Hoblit, but both of them are working against long odds here.
Lastly, our findings have broader implications, suggesting that the combination of expression measurements across different platforms (for example, Affymetrix and cDNA arrays, unmodified long oligonucleotides and cDNA arrays) within a single analysis maybe feasible [ 18].
By long tradition, Chengdu is China’s preeminent city of teahouses.
His only interest in life was his farm, and he labored long and hard among the stones and the whins to wrest a living of sorts from the reluctant soil.
The presence and abundance of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) in humans diets have been the basis of scientific investigations for decades.
Pass into the long quadrangle of the pillared Diwan-i-Am (Hall of Public Audience).
Whatever surprises Arquette might once have had are long gone; the only thing mysterious about her is those long, distracting fangs.
Experiments were performed with small fiber bundles (approximately 6 to 30 fibers, 10-12 mm long) of the EDL muscle.
Porto Santo’s prize is a long, golden beach, only recently touched by development.
The WP , which was much more aggressive from the git-go, simply raises the ante today, with not just a long front-page piece but also not one, but two additional Albert pieces elsewhere in the paper, one a ramble wondering if Albert can rebound professionally, the other a thumb-sucker about women who stand by their man when he's in trouble.
One particularly outstanding operation is Rancho Palma Real, which offers a long four- to six-hour ride into the fertile valley that extends from the foothills of the Sierra Madre, along a river and up to an absolutely beautiful waterfall.
They also contend that even after long exposure periods, the phones could only cause a fraction of a degree increase in cell temperature--well within the body's normal range.
These exceptions include but are not necessarily limited to (1) employees working alone at a remote site for long periods and (2) employees based at the same duty station as their supervisors or timekeepers but frequently at work sites away from the duty station.
But his long, unhurried interviews crack his subjects wide open: They talk to the camera as they would with an old friend.
Experiments are now in progress to determine the feasibility of long term expression of other HIV-1 immunogens, including gag and tat.
The world’s oldest rainforests engulf low but steeply rising mountain chains that cross the peninsula from east to west like ribs, with one long north–south Main Range as their backbone.
The Associated Press tallied his long list of medals and called him "the most dominating track and field athlete of the 1990s."
The rad26-GFP cells underwent a normal, checkpoint response following Bleomycin treatment and arrested cell cycle progression with one nucleus in a long cell (Figure 5A).
Pollsters speak of both the "primacy effect" and the "recency effect," meaning that the first and last choices are more likely to be chosen, particularly when there is a long list of possible answers.
Retrotransposons fall into two main categories, those with long terminal repeats (LTRs), such as retroviruses and LTR retrotransposons, and those that lack such repeats, (for example, long interspersed nuclear elements or LINEs).
Spring and autumn offer the clearest air for panoramic views of the surrounding land; in summer, a heat-induced haze rises, cutting long distance visibility.
But how long can they hold out?
Furthermore, few frequent flyer seats were available at desired travel times, transfers of free tickets to other employees took time and effort, and employees who flew on different airlines often took a long time to accumulate enough miles for free trips.
The article, published in 1994 in a prestigious, peer-reviewed journal called Statistical Science , argued with unnerving force that the first book of the Bible contains embedded codes that predict events that long postdate its writing and that these codes are, statistically speaking, "not due to chance."
) look like shrimp, but weigh just a gram as adults and measure about six centimeters long (Figure 1).
The road becomes a causeway across the Bahía de Perros; it’s so long (28 km/17 miles) that you can’t see the land at the far end as you set off.
An editorial in Sunday's Jerusalem Post concurred, describing the impeachment debate as "a disgraceful partisan spectacle, an act of vengeance rather than justice, a triumph for the fundamentalist Christian Right that will haunt Republicans for a long time."
Isoforms with specificity for short, medium, and long chain FA exist.
Here the long beaches are all backed by scores of busy, large-scale tourist resorts.
But he also had a long, loving, and complex sexual relationship with his wife, Clara, and found stimulation in heterosexual pornography.
This specificity of the parasites also indicates a long and adaptive relationship with humans [ 4].
Where to Go
The use of v instead of f (It's a vine day) is almost enough on its own to indicate a speaker from southwest England; repeated t in place of the (It's in t' house) suggests a Yorkshire dialect; the use of e instead of a indicates a South African speaker (Shell I give you e hend); a long drawn-out aw rather than a shorter o suggests a southern US speaker (He's gawn fishin' with his dawg).
Once the island’s most important port for sugar exportation, it’s now a ramshackle place with long shopping lines and dozens of horses and carts streaming up and down its main street.
How long is it since you turned round and gave someone a good earful?
The insertion of 5 C's results in a long polyC tract.
On Eleuthera the explorers dug a fresh-water well — at a spot now known as “Spanish Wells” — which was used to replenish the supplies of water on their ships before they began the long journey back to Europe with their cargoes of South American gold.
More hubbub about Teletubbies, the PBS show aimed at toddlers: "In Britain, young adults reportedly watch Teletubbies after long nights of dancing and ingesting chemicals surely banned from Teletubbyland," says the New York Times ' Caryn James.
Absent reform, Social Security deficits would contribute to government dissaving (shown in figure 4.2) and greatly constrain budgetary flexibility over the long run (shown in figure 4.3).
Happily, at the bottom of this long descent there is a terminal for the funicular that returns you to the top of this town, which is so hilly bicycles are almost unknown.
But that kind of indistinct investing doesn't last too long, which is why the idea that investors today "don't care about profits" is a misreading.
All versions of the HNOBA domain, except one from Rhodobacter sphaeroides , contain a conserved histidine between the core region and the long C-terminal α-helix that links it to a kinase or cyclase domain (Fig.
La Ribera is almost 3 kilometers (2 mile) long, backed by a promenade lined with cafés and restaurants.
Indeed, many deny individuals and businesses broad freedom to consume precisely because their top priority is building national economic power--especially productive capacity--over the long haul.
Moreover, the major long distance telephone carriers also provide ubiquitous service.
Dazu represents the last great period of Buddhist cave sculpture in China, and a long day’s journey out and back from Chongqing to this stone crescent is unforgettable.
But in the long run, what has worked best is what the company could not at all provide, except inadvertently: conflict and difficulty.
People move between ZIP codes and cancer latency (the time between causative exposures and cancer onset) is long, so the ZIP code where the patient was diagnosed may not be the location where the cancer developed nor where causative exposures occurred.
As you walk up the long cedar-shaded avenue to the temple, notice the two-story caves hewn from the rock that serve as accommodation for itinerant monks.
Another article says the United States should not limit itself to a few days of bombing (the current battle plan): Only a long, insistent air campaign will persuade Saddam's troops to attempt a coup.
In so doing they seemed to confirm that estrogen exposure over a long period of time increased the risk of breast cancer [ 1 2 3 ] , (Table 7).
The center of activity along this beach hinterland is the infamous “strip” — a long street of bustling bars, restaurants, and nightspots leading up to the hilltop area known as Montechoro.
I haven't had a good Orgasm for a long time!
For too long the debate has been that contact tracing will result in physical abuse of women.
Portugal finally began to pull itself out of the long and fruitless struggle against revolutionaries in its African colonies, and granted independence to the remaining members of its empire in 1975.
The real one-price-fits-all days, in fact, were the days when only AT&T provided long distance.
Nonetheless, 10% of the genes in the long half-life category (>8 hours) contained AREs, demonstrating that the ARE motif is not completely predictive of rapid mRNA turnover.
The opposite end of Praia da Rocha’s long stretch is known as Praia do Vau.
Ramis once said about Reitman, not unkindly, "If Ivan had directed The Last Emperor, it would have been 102 minutes long and had a big chase at the end."
Kir7 was selected because it is the Kir subfamily most distant from the other Kir subfamilies, as indicated in Table 1. Of the different K +channel families, KirBac's were found to be most similar to the Kir superfamily in the PsiBlast searches primarily because of the homology of their similar, relatively long C-terminal sequences following the M2 segments.
The main temple of Isis was expanded throughout its long lifetime.
There is of course a very long history of such textual duplication whereby meaning is simultaneously compressed and extended.
Some nursing homes, particularly those seeking managed care and other insurance contracts, have begun to seek certification from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO) for both long term and sub-acute care, which adds additional layers of requirements for the nursing homes.
And hear how Champlain kept up morale throughout the long winters with a social club, L’Ordre du Bon Temps (The Order of Good Times).
With the advent of larger human haplotype data sets, it has become clear that there are often fairly long regions with very high linkage disequilibrium (Daly et al.
Steamships of the Matson Line soon were arriving regularly at Aloha Tower, bearing tourists from San Francisco who had been at sea for five long days.
The USAT front-page "cover story," upon reviewing some 1,500 personnel decisions made at the Department of Defense, concludes that the Pentagon regularly grants security clearances to civilian employees of defense contractor companies who have prior criminal convictions and/or long histories of financial irresponsibility or substance abuse.
The predicted protein, named PPα, was 889 amino acid long, and contained a unique N-terminal extension of about 500 amino acids.
Just south of Ginza itself, as you walk toward the bay, you see on your left the red lanterns and long banners of the Kabuki-za, home base for that most thrilling and colorful form of traditional Japanese drama.
But that was a long, long time ago, and the connection grows faint.
Delirium, a syndrome associated with long hospital stays and high rates of morbidity and mortality [ 10], is a sign of deterioration in the homeostasis and physical status of the patient [ 17].
Its two destinies come together in the Piazza del Duomo, where open-air cafés and ice cream parlors look up a long monumental staircase to the Arab-Norman campanile and polychrome mosaic façade of the Romanesque cathedral, built as a symbol of the republic’s glory.
A long article, pegged to The Godfather 's 25 th anniversary, recounts its filming in intricate detail.
Studies comparing long oligonucleotides to cDNA arrays have not been as forthcoming.
With views across the city below it is a popular spot for photographs, however it also has a long and illustrious history.
The center of activity along this beach hinterland is the infamous “strip” — a long street leading up to the hilltop area known as Montechoro.
The Antarctic Sentinal reports from the Falkland Islands that NASA will soon be using Antarctic outposts to train potential Mars travelers, because the region offers isolated, freezing, rocky conditions, replicating a possible Mars mission, on which astronauts could be sequestered with a small group for long periods in a harsh environment.
In the popular mind, the history of Hong Kong, long the entryway to China for Westerners, begins in 1841 with the British occupation of the territory.
A long article chronicles the turmoil at ABC News.
The nanoparticles contain a central superparamagnetic iron oxide core and are covered by dextran, imparting long circulation times and biocompatibility.
Her long claw-like fingernails hold a white cloth to hide her terrible face, bulging eyes, fangs, and flaming tongue while she advances on her victims.
