His forces made a series of attacks from their bases in the Dodecanese islands, including sinking a Greek naval vessel in the harbor of Tinos Town, but they only succeeded in strengthening the resolve of the population against them.
 If "Sirenia Systems, Inc." succeeds, underwater investments controlled by sound-waves sent as signals by "Homeland Security Pool and Spa Services, Inc", installed in thousands of Florida's "active adult communities",  will drown out everything else.
Furthermore, other chemical reactions, which might have been catalyzed transforming some molecular species to others that Tomasina’s molecules and those of her descendants might have catalyzed, have perhaps never come to be in the biosphere that has evolved over the succeeding eons.
According to Brownstein, Beatty led the polls in the 1974 race to succeed Reagan as California governor but refused to run.
a Soviet and if part of you know south let's say South Dakota wanted to succeed you know succeed
Yet again a minor — the infant James V — succeeded to the throne, and Scots nobles were divided as to whether Scotland should draw closer to England or seek help from her old ally, France.
Her home village had been an experimental Fair Trade cooperative, just beginning to succeed in reversing the Green Revolution fertilizer problem, until her mother, the village head, and her aunt, the chief agronomist, died.
Because none of these teleconferences-at least before 10:00- included the right officials from both the FAA and Defense Department, none succeeded in meaningfully coordinating the military and FAA response to the hijackings.
Worst of all, Wanda had to deal with this worsening problem as she was trying to succeed at her new job.
Nothing succeeds like success!
We cannot entirely succeed, however, without the financial help of our alumni.
In this small volume, the Charlesworths have succeeded on both fronts and provide an excellent account of the core issues for a broad range of readers.
Last year, their "law firm solicitation program" succeeded in obtaining a range of 57% to 100% contributing alumni -employed by participating firms.
The experiments need to be repeated, with modifications based on all we have learned in the succeeding years.
Corporate support is not only appreciated but helps us to continue to strive to succeed and fulfill our mission.
But does RNAi have a better chance to succeed as a drug than antisense or ribozymes?
These activities have helped develop a sense of community that enabled everyone to endure and succeed, even in difficult times.
Although Bin Ladin has not succeeded, his attacks against the US Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 demonstrate that he prepares operations years in advance and is not deterred by setbacks.
In fact, an impressive number of artists with national reputations are products of the Herron program, succeeding despite old-often inadequate- facilities.
To select optimal binding sequences, the stringency of succeeding rounds of the selection procedures was increased by using successively less (0.
right and if he had succeeded uh uh without a doubt he should be executed executed
The guardians of Scotland were unable to decide who should succeed and asked the English king, Edward I, to adjudicate.
Of the ten succeeding amendments from the Sixteenth to the Twenty-Seventh (leaving aside the Eighteenth on Prohibition and the Twenty-First repealing the Eighteenth), seven have addressed the extension of the power of the people to choose their government.
The sunny spin: Anyone can succeed with talent and hard work.
He died in office in 1996, and was succeeded by Prime Minister Simitos who still holds the post.
Between 1993 and 1998, Atta shared a onebedroom apartment in Hamburg with a fellow student, who moved out after having problems with Atta and was succeeded by another roommate.
Store buyers succeeded by striking deals with apparel manufacturers for large shipments of white shirts at the lowest possible price and with long delivery lead times.
And Prudie knows you will succeed because you are so cleareyed about what's wrong.
After the Reconquest it became the home of the new Military Order of Christ (succeeding the disbanded Knights Templars).
In a class action that concluded in a settlement at the end of 2000, he succeeded in changing the oppressive conditions of confinement in Philadelphia's prisons.
To ensure that federal financial management improvement efforts succeed and that the President's and the CFO Council's priorities are achieved, the support and involvement of key nonfinancial executives and managers is critical.
Indeed, searches for complements to miRNAs in animal genomes to date have not succeeded in detecting matches more compelling than those identified in random sequence.
Thus, the companies have created an environment and adopted practices that put their program managers in a good position to succeed in meeting these expectations.
In practice, it is efficient extract each day's visits of interest during the succeeding night, thus making the information available within 24 hours of the patient encounter.
The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances, nitrogen oxide allowances, or mercury allowances, as the case may be, equal to the excess emissions in tons or, for mercury, ounces from those held for the facility for the year, or succeeding years during which offsets are required, following the year in which the excess emissions occurred.
A 3:1 dinucleotide bias (third nucleotide position in a codon analysis algorithm followed by the first nucleotide position in the succeeding codon) was utilized, as it is the dinucleotide that is least restricted by amino-acid preference and codon usage in individual genes [ 31].
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American essayist and philosopher (1803–1882), commented about success (I have adapted his comments for all of us who gathered in Washington in mid-May 2005): “To leave the world a bit better, whether by a healthy child, a garden patch or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life breathed easier because you have lived; this is to have succeeded [as a whistleblower].”
To succeed, such a process requires a relatively large and experienced facility design, engineering, and management staff within the owner's organization in order to protect the owner's interests.
Finally, if this initiative succeeds, it would serve as a suitable model from which to begin the more daunting task of trying to annotate the functions of the complex eukaryotic genomes, such as the human genome.
Although CoreGenes successfully expedites the determination of "core" genes during the comparisons of several small whole genomes simultaneously, it will likely be succeeded by improved software to compare and analyze even much larger genomes, especially in the megabase range.
For this reason, Virtual Pharma cannot succeed without rigid cost containment.
Riddled by secrecy, diffuse lines of authority, the absence of strategies, and a lack of open congeniality, all so well described by Wilkins, who refers to it as Randall's Circus, this unit is a model of how not to succeed in group research.
Since only a proportion of developing thymocytes succeed in expressing the α:β TCR heterodimer, PKC activation also provides the signal to turning off the CD4 and CD8 genes on cells that failed to express the TCR, which are non-functional and potentially harmful.
What is clear is that the surest way to succeed in a reasonable amount of time is to have access to a large and diverse pool of genetic variation.
If City Mail finally succeeds in avoiding bankruptcy, such a study might determine the reasons why Sweden Post was vulnerable to cream skimming.
GPRA will not succeed without the strong commitment of the federal government's political and senior career leadership.
Sometimes they succeed, and sometimes they don't.
Nonetheless, we have succeeded in mapping one locus, Bsc10a , which modulates striatal volume with a genome-wide significance of P < 0.05.
To some, it recalls the “mathematical biology” that, starting from its heyday in the 1960s, provided some interesting insights, but also succeeded in elevating the term “modeling” to near-pejorative status among many biologists.
Sjaak Swart of the Section of Science and Society at Groningen University in The Netherlands argues that if conservation is to succeed, it must be rooted in the hearts and minds of those involved.
But the U.S. government must build the capacities to prevent a 9/11-scale plot from succeeding, and those capabilities will help greatly to cope with lesser but still devastating attacks.
Several disruptions and renditions aimed against the broader al Qaeda network had succeeded.
The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess tonnage from those held for the facility for the calendar year, or succeeding years during which offsets are required, following the year in which the excess emissions occurred.
This might be a tall order, but it is essential if this worthwhile and high-profile project is to succeed.
They engagingly admit that for their project to succeed the new theory must earn its keep by producing significant new biology—something which has yet to occur.
In this case protein-soaked beads were applied prior to GnRH exit (stage 17) and the effects were tested at succeeding stages up to and including their normal exit time (stages 18, 19, 20, 21).
GAO succeeds in its mission when its findings and recommendations lead to improvements wherever federal dollars are spent.
“It's about making people realize that biodiversity is the basis upon which all other things will succeed.”
This was most apparent when I expressed my support for George Shaheen, the ex-Managing Partner of the Andersen Consulting business unit (now known as Accenture), to succeed Larry Weinbach as the Managing Partner of Andersen Worldwide, rather than Arthur Andersen management's choice of Jim Wadia, Managing Partner of the Arthur Andersen business unit in the United Kingdom.
Even the few states that have succeeded in building a justice community that has significantly expanded and improved services for low-income people have not achieved the ultimate goal of realizing equal justice for low-income people.
Succeeding legislation affecting GAO«s authority has generally served to emphasize the role of review and analysis by GAO as a means of enhancing congressional oversight over activities of the executive branch.
The Administrator shall deduct sulfur dioxide allowances equal to the excess emissions in tons from those held for the facility for the year, or succeeding years during which offsets are required, following the year in which the excess emissions occurred.
Since the business case in DOD places very little premium on meeting cost and schedule targets, but a very high premium on performance, programs succeed at the point where sunk costs make it difficult-if not prohibitive-for decision makers to cancel them.
In the succeeding months, these attorneys worked with representatives of the Greater Wenatchee Housing Authority, the state Office of Community Development, Chelan County, the City of East Wenatchee, state legislators, Jennings and others to secure funding and find a solution.
These organizations recognize that stakeholders will have a lot to say in determining whether their programs succeed or fail.
29 Australian government employees, for example, cited training as one of the factors that contributed the most to making reforms succeed in their areas.
Music is always telling stories (more or less), and I think that charismatic power is an element in one of those stories--the force we feel when a strong personality comes up against a demonic power and refuses to be cowed, and takes hair-raising risks, and succeeds in being, if only for a moment, the demon's equal.
For a unified incident management system to succeed, each participant must have command and control of its own units and adequate internal communications.
So I wonder if there isn't a proviso that cultural-loyalty movements of language revival may be likely to fail if they are instituted by the government, but perhaps more likely to succeed if they are instituted in spite of the government.
According to the attorneys who appear before her, Zelon succeeds in making everyone in her courtroom at ease.
Still, you might argue, in defense of your genes, they usually direct familial love toward genuine kin, and thus usually succeed in being efficiently selfish.
When al Qaeda and its Pakistani allies repeatedly tried to assassinate Musharraf, almost succeeding, the battle came home.
The schools can succeed when dedicated teachers push innovative curricula, but in many charter schools profits are more important than education.
If the outcome measure is binary, such as success or failure, D is a difference in the fraction who fail or succeed in the "before" and "after" groups.
But while Eleanor's agenda looks separatist--women-only press conferences, an attempt to avert World War II through a Lysistrata -style "women's strike for peace"--it also succeeds in grafting onto Roosevelt's coalition new blocs of the hitherto-disenfranchised without which the New Deal would be impracticable.
In other words, in each succeeding year, a dollar spent on computers purchased 22 percent more computing power on average than it did the previous year.
Watts has succeeded in helping his district and state--saving an Air Force base from closure and winning $90 million for a new cross-town bridge in Oklahoma City in exchange for his vote for the transportation bill.
While we have not found any missions that would appear to be in fundamental conflict with the department's primary mission of homeland security, as presented in the President's proposal, the Congress will need to consider whether many of the non-homeland security missions of those agencies transferred to DHS will receive adequate funding, attention, visibility, and support when subsumed into a department that will be under tremendous pressure to succeed in its primary mission.
If the pols overrule and the mission succeeds, the generals still harvest the credit.
If the government's leaders understood the gravity of the threat they faced and understood at the same time that their policies to eliminate it were not likely to succeed any time soon, then history's judgment will be harsh.
Even if the Taliban succeeds in conquering the entire country, many areas will remain subject to guerrilla warfare.
This dynamic expression may reflect the working of an underlying molecular network of activating and inhibitory factors which only gradually succeed in directing expression of a given gene to a specific subset of cells which thereby become defined as a distinct anlage.
In exchange for that, it was hoping to get protection from bankruptcy, which it feared would come if some of the state suits that had just been fashioned [had succeeded].
The health care organizations that succeed in the 21 stcentury will be those that improve quality and reduce cost.
Spock, the American Journal of Public Health marveled, "has succeeded to an amazing degree in striking a middle ground in his advice."
As a result, he succeeded, in less than a decade, in making himself the ruler of Europe from the gates of Moscow to the English Channel.
How did the Promise Keepers succeed where the religious right has often failed?
Obuchi, a longtime LDP insider, will almost certainly succeed Ryutaro Hashimoto as Japan's next Prime Minister.
Somehow, the proper understanding of how we function semiotically (I'm trying to avoid the word language for now) needs to be built into any educational system by which succeeding generations are taught the most effective way of sharing human experience—both domestic and foreign.
The short-term spin: Clinton's surrogates have succeeded in focusing media attention on Scaife.
But nonviolent resistance tends to succeed when 1) the world is watching and 2) the oppressors care.
.. Actually, through Andrew Cuomo's wife, Kerry Kennedy Cuomo (who announced her husband's homeless power play to cheers at a Democratic Christmas function), the Clintons have succeeded in subordinating not one but two dynastic Democratic families to their own.
NATO actually succeeded to a greater extent than might have been predicted."
This pejorative sense has been used regularly ever since, but it has not succeeded in driving out the discerning sense of discriminating .
John Simon describes Chenoweth's performance as "perfection" and says that after the show he wanted "to wrap her in tissue paper and take her home" ( New York ); Ben Brantley describes her performance as "one of those break-out performances that send careers skyward" (the New York Times ). Some critics say several of the actors aren't up to portraying children but that those who succeed make the whole show worthwhile.
For a while, Roosevelt succeeded anyway in his balancing act: supporting America's allies, as he knew he had to, while satisfying popular anti-war sentiment with what he called, in a Fireside Chat of Dec. 29, 1940, "methods short of war."
Rather, it has succeeded because it brought a relentless focus on the bottom line to the corporations it has owned, and established standards its managers have had to live up to.
But its take on religion is simple-minded: "In this novel one is either a messianist or a nonbeliever" (Jonathan Rosen, the New York Times Book Review ). A few reviewers say he succeeds entirely: "Leave it to a goy to write the definitive novel about Israel" (Daphne Merkin, The New Yorker ).
It partly succeeds.
In magnifying the global significance of their discontents, Berman ultimately succeeds in reinstating his lifetime membership in the class of 1968.
In this Wolfe succeeds ably, infusing his tale with characteristic wit, verve, and narrative propulsion.
The semi-official Cairo newspaper al-Ahram said that Bill Clinton's coup in getting the Syrians and Israelis together was "a cruel blow to the candidates--whether Democrat or Republican--fighting to succeed him."
Critics say the new late-night talk show by young black comedian Chris Rock ( Saturday Night Live , voice of Li'l Penny in Nike ads) succeeds because of its risky racial humor.
As the site of the main international event of the Year 2000, it may or may not succeed.
Alexander Lebed to succeed Boris Yeltsin.
He aspires to become president (of the Jefferson Bank) and succeeds.
The Sunday Telegraph reported from Jerusalem that former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres is the favorite to succeed Ezer Weizman as president if the latter is forced to resign over a financial controversy.
By the same token it succeeds in floodlighting the protean ways gender is characterized in texts.
Dexter emerged as the King family spokesman in early 1995, when he succeeded Coretta as president and CEO of the King Center.
But since the DLC has already succeeded in defining "moderate" as the opposite of "liberal," its spin prevails.
If so, she succeeded, as my American friend later told me, and, more interestingly to me, revealed by example how much terms in the same language for the same things ( station = ranch; bush = country, sticks ) in the same occupation can vary from place to place, at least when it comes to stock raising.
"One man's resolve has played the lion's share of ensuring he has not been allowed to succeed."
Instead, the military immediately named Abacha's top defense aide, a fellow general, to succeed him.
The "Jessica Mydek" e-mail succeeds because it promises the replicator instant karma.
Berezovsky predicted that Yeltsin will see out his term until the presidential election of June 2000, and that there is "a very small chance" that Lebed might then succeed him.
One critic complained that Corot's foliage was "like mashed peas," but another praised the "intoxicating limpidity" of Corot's water: "Even if we camped out in his studio, we could never learn in 10 years how he succeeds in rendering the beauty of water."
But the capitalism that survived and succeeded was not the capitalism of 1929.
Martin also succeeded in intermingling history and the present day in an earlier show called "The Ceaseless Century," by which he meant the 18 th .
The reviewer ought to consider whether the work succeeds on its own terms.
Rubin expressed hope that the Russians might succeed in "convincing the Serbs to turn around" and "accept our conditions."
"Resenting this deeply, she determined to make trouble--and she succeeded very well indeed," writes Hamilton.
won't succeed as a solo politician because she has a tin ear for politics and a likability deficit when not acting as Clinton's stooge.
If you're wagering 150 percent as much money as you have, the profits when you succeed will be greater than otherwise.
And yet by relentlessly treating them as a big deal over the years, magazine folks have succeeded in making them a reasonably big deal.
And if he succeeds?
Chihuly succeeds because he's not a maker of art in the usual sense; he's a coach, ringmaster, and impresario--and, above all, an entrepreneur.
Independent presidential candidates succeed in America not by winning elections but by influencing the two major parties to adopt their positions.
I honestly believe that if Reagan and Gorbachev had not come to power when they did--if Brezhnev had lived, and if Carter had served a second term, and Mondale and Dukakis had succeeded him--the Soviet empire would be intact today.
The virtues-as-vices argument hurts Clinton not only by cementing the Lewinsky episode as the defining moment of his presidency but also by obscuring the ways in which he succeeded at Wye by overcoming the vices he displayed in that episode.
No movie in the last decade has succeeded in psyching out critics and audiences as fully as the powerful, rambling war epic The Thin Red Line , Terrence Malick's return to cinema after 20 years.
"Here's how to succeed in obstructing justice," William Safire wrote in a recent column in the New York
George Bush says that he is a likely contender for the presidency in 2000, but only if he succeeds in reforming Texas' taxes.
That's why this spot will probably succeed in its effort to make parents tune in March 30.
4) Seven more crews are preparing to attempt the same feat and, sooner or later, one of them will succeed.
The author worries that they may only succeed in cementing racial categories.
But if Chapman had hoped to convert Einar Haugen to his own views of the authenticity of the stones, he did not succeed, for the Professor never deviated from his conviction that they were modern.
Before the group succeeds in reaching him, an assassin shoots the racist Sunraider from the Senate gallery.
Most experts also doubt the Joint Chiefs were unified in the view that bombing wouldn't succeed: It's Air Force doctrine that bombing will succeed in such circumstances, so Air Force advisers almost certainly predicted a bombing triumph.
Becker succeeds in establishing the famine "as one of the worst atrocities of all time" (Richard Bernstein, the New York Times ). He does this despite the Chinese government's continued effort to cover up the incident, and by way of "interviews with survivors [that] provide us with a chilling view of the famine as it was experienced by ordinary villagers" (Paul Pickowicz, the Wall Street Journal ).
Hammett had a taste for trying to slip censorable words past cautious editors, and he succeeded with gunsel , which sounds innocent enough to anyone who never heard it before.
It's an exhilaratingly cynical view, because it suggests that to succeed, an idea need not be true or even useful, as long as it has what it takes to propagate itself.
Almost Zelig-like in the succeeding scenes, he continues to fit in without getting permanently trapped.
The last two weeks in Indonesia, culminating in the resignation of its longtime autocrat, President Suharto, have been exhilarating, especially for the thousands of activists who succeeded in pushing him out.
And if his idea of "good" is forcing roles upon members of a couple, alimony for life, and community shunning of individuals whose marriages did not succeed, then Frum is really criticizing modern society, not just marriage.
The succeeding scenes are more conventional, but Close's every appearance, in vivid color, completes the case.
2) Adding injury to insult, Branson will lose the $300,000 he had bet (against British bookmakers) that the trip would succeed.
Indonesia watchers at the IMF believe that this "civilian face/military fist" strategy can succeed in Indonesia so long as the military remains united.
PointCast has succeeded so far with a mass-market approach--relatively few news sources, sorted into relatively few "buckets."
Hawaiians voted in favor of secession in a nonbinding referendum last year, but few expect the movement to succeed.
All Diana had to do to succeed, in Carlson's mind, was to get people talking.
It is a testament to openness and democracy in America that so many of us want this connection and succeed in achieving it.
The fact that they are succeeding tells us something about the magnetic appeal of racial fundamentalism.
Tyndale has probably succeeded beyond his imagining: Today, any Farm Belt inhabitant picked at random surely knows more of Scripture than any randomly picked inhabitant of an American university town.
And Thomas concludes that Sacks succeeds for all the familiar Sacks reasons: Because he shows "how patients who are truly isolated and insulated by a disease can retain their humanity, their dignity."
An editorial in the Irish Times said Al Gore was "one of the happiest people" on St. Patrick's Day because Irish-American Democrats had endorsed him to succeed Clinton in next year's election.
As for whether the rest of the film (in which a group of post-Cold War international mercenaries led by Robert De Niro pursues a mysterious suitcase around France) succeeds, that depends on the critic.
A few years of peace, prosperity, and balanced budgets--and a deeper awareness of just how bad our race problem is--may create a climate where such a program could succeed.
So to that extent, I succeeded, good, bad, or indifferent.
So it boiled down and I ended up working on uh the national design of uh, experiences that would help students from small areas make the transition from rural to uh, to larger cities, in eastern NC and of course I based that on the basis of high percentage of individuals who left the area after college and went to larger cities many of them succeeded more than we would like to.
. . . Decision makers should imagine themselves on a future day when the CSG has not succeeded in stopping al Qida attacks and hundreds of Americans lay dead in several countries, including the US," Clarke wrote.
As a contributor to the Council in past appeals I know that you are aware of our mission---to prepare girls with ethical values, character, a desire to succeed and a commitment to their community.
My Rube Goldberg device propagates work; it succeeds in creating a sequence of coordinated macroscopic changes in the physical universe.
There is nothing wrong with trying to change that shape, and advocates of nonsexist English have worked miracles in the short time since they have succeeded in making their concerns known.
a Soviet and if part of you know south let's say South Dakota wanted to succeed you know succeed
Centuries of almost constant repressive foreign rule followed, with the Vandals being succeeded by the Byzantines, Saracens, and Moors.
so i got busy got together and put a reunion together for his family and succeeded in getting all of his brothers and sisters and all of their offspring but one
His policy succeeded for a time, but following his abdication in a.d. 305, the empire continued to weaken, harassed by invaders and troubled by internal strife.
in that fraction of a succeed that they're caught i don't know if i can do this
In the succeeding centuries Byzantium, like the cities of the Aegean, fell under the sway of Athens, Sparta, Persia, Alexander, and Rome.
that that would be a part of selling it to the community to the adults ahead of them that probably would never serve and and to each succeeding generation there'd definitely have to be a major PR campaign in each community each county
During the 18th century Holyrood was neglected by succeeding British monarchs, who preferred to stay in their London residence, though Scottish noble families lived within the compound.
they succeed then the the the generation of girls that are growing up now will have it much easier
His men even succeeded in turning back the tide of Islam for a short while, adding eastern Java and Lombok to his domains.
united you can succeed individually you will fail and then there was a big climactic fight scene and they didn't remember that
He was succeeded as governor of California by Jerry Brown, known to many as “Governor Moonbeam.”
now that's one of my favorite shows i really enjoy i've been trying to tape that one for years and haven't succeeded in doing so yet
To this end it succeeded with relatively few blood-soaked episodes in its colonial history.
El Teatro Campesino (the Farmworkers’ Theater) effectively used this character type in skits and actos (dramas) and succeeded in intensifying, with humor, the serious social issues presented in their performances.
He succeeded, declaring at every stage that vast resources of courage and imagination were required to make this point.
He apparently had heard proposals for rolling back al Qaeda but felt that catching terrorists one by one or even cell by cell was not an approach likely to succeed in the long run.
Will Quick Response succeed?
Indeed, it ignores the essence of John's charge (captured in the succeeding scene of the offending ad, which showed House Democratic Leader Dick Gephardt, Sen.
From here in 1776 George Washington trained his artillery on the city and succeeded in frightening British troops into evacuating Boston.
First, the radios signals often did not succeed in penetrating the numerous steel and concrete floors that separated companies attempting to communicate; and second, so many different companies were attempting to use the same point-to-point channel that communications became unintelligible.
But as we delve further into the concept of an autonomous agent in succeeding chapters, cyclic definitions arise concerning “work,” “propagating work,” “constraints,” “propagating organization,” “task.”
2) She reshaped the magazine "in her own image--brainy, Anglophilic, profane and more than a little starstruck" (Richard Lacayo, Time ). 3) She succeeded in her true goal: making herself the center of attention.
Elections are due to be held in 2000, and the issue of who will succeed Dr. Mahathir has already begun to come to the fore in political debate.
One of his daughters, Jadwiga, succeeded Louis in Poland, while the other assumed control of Hungary.
They succeeded in stopping the rail line at Windermere.
In the central region, from the Loire Valley to Belgium, Hugues Capet succeeded in achieving a precarious ascendancy, and was crowned the first king of France in 987.
The country has succeeded economically by fixing the best price it can get for everything, but the domestic market pays high prices because of a stiff sales tax and surprisingly convoluted and inefficient distribution systems.
These splendid examples of the goldsmith’s art from the 11th to 15th centuries — richly bejeweled crosses, reliquaries, and portable altars — were presented to St. Blasius Cathedral in Brunswick by many succeeding generations of Guelph dukes.
When the King died during a tour of San Francisco, in 1891, he was succeeded by his sister, Liliuokalani, who proved to be an expectedly fierce defender of Hawaiian ways and the monarchy.
For a time, it looked as if the campaign was going to succeed, but political events, together with the citing of Parnell as co-respondent in a scandalous divorce case led many to withdraw their support.
James died in 1625, succeeded by his son, Charles I, who proved an incompetent ruler.
It was refurbished in the Victorian era but rendered useless by succeeding Nile dams.
They succeeded in having the eastern section of the Northwest Territories officially renamed Nunavut — “Our Land” — and in 1999, Nunavut became the 11th province of Canada.
He was succeeded by Charles the Bold, whose daughter Maria married into the House of Hapsburg.
When the caudillo died in 1975, Prince Juan Carlos, the grandson of the Bourbon King Alfonso XIII, succeeded to the Spanish throne.
Its riches and prestige called for a legacy, providing the funds for the gleaming white marble complex of religious edifices known as the Campo dei Miracoli (Field of Miracles), of which its leaning bell tower is a national icon, left unscathed by the invasions and wars of succeeding centuries.
Edward I died in 1307 and was succeeded by his ineffectual son, Edward II, who in 1314 led an army of some 25,000 men to confront Bruce’s army at Bannockburn, near Stirling.
Nobunaga was assassinated by one of his own generals in 1582, and Hideyoshi, who had started out as a simple infantryman, succeeded him.
In the succeeding centuries, their descendants continued to push south and east, and eventually spread out to people the whole of the continent from Alaska to Patagonia.
Sul­­tan Abdül Hamid II (1876–1909) tried to apply absolute rule to an empire staggering under a crushing foreign debt, with a fragmented population of hostile people, and succeeded only in creating ill will and dissatisfaction amongst the younger generation of educated Turks.
This site proved so perfect that all but three of the succeeding Ming rulers were entombed in the same valley.
He died in 1371 and was succeeded by his nephew, Robert II.
After the recovery of Jerusalem in 1099, it took four hundred years of sieges and battles, treaties, betrayals, and yet more battles, before Christian kings and warlords succeeded in subduing the Moors.
He needs to keep his finger on the pulse to succeed during the short tourist season.
However Ayyubid control was weak and power was usurped by their Turkish slaves, called mamelukes, who succeeded in founding a dynasty that lasted from 1251 to 1517.
The last king of the Piast dynasty, Kazimierz the Great, succeeded in reunifying Poland.
The Dutch were the next to try: in 1625, they succeeded in pinning the Spanish into the confines of El Morro; but after looting everything of value, they set fire to San Juan and departed.
In the succeeding centuries they migrated into the northern Yucatán — what are now the modern Mexican states of Yucatán, Quintana Roo, and part of Tabasco.
Having outlived his children and grand­children, he was succeeded by his five-year-old great-grandson, Louis XV.
His kingdom prospered, and by the time his son Solomon succeeded him, in about 965 b.c. , almost all the extensive, rich lands between the rivers Nile and the Euphrates were part of the Kingdom of Israel.
When he finally succeeded, after a prolonged siege and heavy losses, he punished the local population by cutting off the noses and lips of all men — except those who played wind instruments.
Only when the French succeeded in blowing up part of the garrison, during the War of the Spanish Succession in 1707, was the castle taken.
Begun in 1462 by Mehmet the Conqueror, it was enlarged and extended by each succeeding sultan until it became a miniature city, which included mosques, libraries, stables, kit­chens, schools, the imperial mint, treasuries, barracks, armouries, government offices, and audience halls.
During the seven-year “reign of the colonels,” as the succeeding years are known, political parties were dissolved, the press was censored, and left-wing sympathizers were exiled, tortured, and imprisoned.
Grattan succeeded in having most of the penal laws against the Catholics repealed.
He was succeeded by Tan­­su Çiller, Turkey’s first woman leader.
Anwar el-Sadat succeeded Nasser in 1970.
Henry established expeditions that ultimately succeeded in redefining Europeans’ very understanding of the world.
I succeed in connecting to PlanetPoker.com when I borrow a friend's laptop and connect through his Internet service provider.
In Canada a route conversion program on the prescribing of antimicrobials succeeded in reducing the frequency of use of parenteral antibiotics [ 16 ] . Parenteral antibiotics are costly and the cost of drugs is a major factor influencing treatment in a poor country like Nepal.
Nothing succeeds like excess.
In the succeeding minutes, controllers were attempting to ascertain the altitude of the southbound flight.
If history repeats itself, we ought to be able to figure out who's destined to succeed Bill Clinton in the White House.
Backed by the Office of Management and Budget, a new National Intelligence Director empowered to set common standards for information use throughout the community, and a secretary of homeland security who helps extend the system to public agencies and relevant private-sector databases, a government-wide initiative can succeed.
He tried in The Day of the Locust (1939), with its more or less realistic story of Hollywood down and outs, but mostly he succeeded in placing a veneer of hard-boiled literary conventions over his manias about women and sex, which makes him seem just as crazy as in his other books, but less aware of it, therefore less entertaining.
Senior executives set the CIO up to succeed.
"JQA" (as he was called to distinguish him from Dad) had the more daunting task of succeeding his father--the nation's first vice president and second president, and an eminent political theorist--as one of the great statesmen of the early republic.
A second reason that homologous sequences may be very divergent is that little selective pressure has been required to maintain function at the level required for the organism to succeed.
If Chernomyrdin succeeds in convincing Milosevic to accept enough of NATO's demands to guarantee some sort of deal, he will go down in domestic political history as the man who sold out Serbia.
The same procedure can be applied to the remaining n = 5 coordinates, the position in the backward map, to extract the identity of the succeeding units, now ordered backwards.
After a brief history of the alphabet, each of the twenty-six succeeding chapters is devoted to a single letter, with a final one discussing signs and symbols.
A specific performance expectation to lead and facilitate change could be a critical element as agencies transform themselves to succeed in an environment that is more results oriented, less hierarchical, and more integrated.
On the contrary, their attention to meaning must be acute, even if purists pale at the inelegance of the many neologisms, because bound and gagged morphemes succeed in communicating with marvelous ease and utility.
Taken together, all these observations point to a scenario for the origin of the RDRP, under which the RDRPs and the YRHs diverged from the DDRPs at a stage of evolution that succeeded the divergence of the DPBB domains of the β and β' subunits (Fig.
(I learned this from the book Succeeding Generations , by the economists Robert Haveman and Barbara Wolfe.)
If a cream skimmer were to capture only 25 percent of the available market, it would have difficulty succeeding.
Valenti didn't succeed, but only because the VCR ended up delivering huge profits to the movie moguls.
None of the plans succeeded."
Trying, but not succeeding, not even with one of my brightest students.
Miller actually tries to address the nuances that make a music succeed or fail, which is pretty uncommon in his milieu.
It initially succeeded only in Southern Italy and America.
She has, for the most part, succeeded brilliantly, becoming the most popular and visible member of Clinton's second-term Cabinet.
It won't, of course, succeed for any other Southern Democrat.
The novel is an unabashed attempt to capitalize on the hype surrounding the handover, but it succeeds by steadfastly refusing to indulge in majesty.
The paper said, "The real fear of the protestors is not that the trade talks will fail but that they will succeed, for protectionism is a powerful force behind which shelter not only state monopolies, inefficient industries and cossetted farmers but backward-looking and xenophobic ideologies."
Over the succeeding centuries, this language has undergone a process of decreolization for obvious reasons.
But in the heroic passages that define the work, it doesn't succeed for me at all.
Time 's cover story is Bill Gates' 12-step program for "succeeding in the digital age."
"I came to Belgrade to see if you were all right and succeeded in staying alive," he added.
Now that I have succeeded in getting you to see that a reserve dictionary is much more than a thesaurus with which, of course, it shares some similarities, its purpose is really to list definations in alphabetical order which, in turn, will give you the word that you have forgotten, confused, or just plain do not know or cannot recall.
Also in Time : A profile of Zairian rebel leader Kabila predicts that he'll topple Mobutu, but notes that he's only succeeding because Uganda and Rwanda are helping him.
From the "If at first you don't succeed" department: Clinton is considering another public address concerning his relationship with "that woman."
But whoever would succeed Greenspan would be nothing of the sort.
Democrat Roy Barnes, who promised to continue Miller's policies, is winning the election to succeed him.
Designers' attempts to eradicate the public's devotion to black clothes, whether by self-styled bohemians in SoHo, business and media people uptown, or wealthy fashion folk around the globe, have succeeded only in fixing it more.
I don't think any other poet has succeeded in using the American word "car" as effectively as Williams does in this poem and others.
’ In this aim, he has succeeded quite admirably, though one might be given to wonder what, if anything, he reads for amusement.
This time, actors and actresses have Hollywood over a barrel, and they may just succeed in becoming the next generation of auteurs.
But the Post 's investigation reveals a number of variables--Institute head James Wilson had financial interests in seeing the therapy succeed; "the Penn study experimented with the healthiest rather than the sickest" patients, and more--that raise serious questions about whether the experiment should have occurred.
In order to succeed as a day trader over time, you have to be one thing: incredibly lucky.
Just this week it succeeded in intimidating the opposition with a massive show of force in Jakarta.
His government has no coherent economic policy, the budget is a joke, and Yeltsin is likely to be succeeded by a hard-line authoritarian like Alexander Lebed.
That is, affirmative action is more likely to succeed when it takes into account personal qualities like drive and motivation, which may not be captured on the SAT.
Here's proof that hybridization can succeed.
Indeed, two factions striving to succeed the Mongol rulers were warring nearby when Wang painted this commotion in the natural realm.
The loyalty strategy may succeed for Hollings.
Kommersant said Primakov has been under threat of dismissal for at least two months, and that Sergei Stephasin, Yeltsin's choice to succeed him as acting prime minister, has already been offered the job at least three times.
Critics also say Lichtenstein succeeded as both technical painter and social commentator, and that he was ahead of his time: "[H]e was a saboteur, offering 1990s irony in the 1960s" (Michael Kimmelman, the New York Times ).
True, he was male (women attempt suicide more often, but men succeed five times more).
But if white people don't need degrees from tony colleges to succeed, why do Thernstrom and her cohorts care so much about these schools' efforts to level the playing field?
. The Opry succeeds where the Arch and Parthenon fail because it is not merely a tourist attraction but a vibrant part of the city's life, with a genuine, if regrettable, purpose-as a performance space for country music-while these latter two are self-conscious attempts to construct a symbol.
Either way, Brodkey embraces a self-absorption so extreme that it succeeds, paradoxically, in turning him into an Everyman:
But the farmers have succeeded in portraying themselves as innocent victims deserving to be made whole by the settlement.
You no longer have the stomach to pretend that the mission of young Americans killing and dying for freedom for the Vietnamese people can succeed, but you want them to kill and die for credibility?
,” mind you), whose name does not ring the bells in my head that are (w)rung by names like Marilyn Monroe, Margaret Thatcher, and Marie, Queen of Rumania, is identified as “the” model, as if she were being distinguished from the Rachael Garley who succeeded Sir Randolph Quirk as president of the British Academy and that other Rachael Garley whom we all know to be the (not “a”) power behind Boris Yeltsin or Saddam Husein.
Tensions between the uneducated rural poor and the urban intellectuals were glaringly obvious to African-Americans, but largely invisible to the white press and the historians who succeeded them.
If it had succeeded Murdoch would have offered the first serious competition to the cable monopolies--the very choice that politicians and consumer advocates have been pleading for.
Yet he succeeded in making a collection that was definitive in its selections and mysteriously cohesive, the diverse offerings falling together like strands of a single design.
Albright's biographers offer an inspiring narrative of how she succeeded in becoming secretary of state, but they offer scant grounds for evaluating what has happened since.
Brownback, who succeeded to Bob Dole's seat in the Senate, casts himself as the Senate's most fervid enemy of government waste.
Deputy Secretary Lawrence Summers will succeed him.
List succeeds list.
At first I suspected that some television advertising campaign had caused the change, but then I remembered that the Blue Band Margarine commercials of the 1950s and 1960s never did succeed in reviving the old pronunciation of margarine with a hard g .
The item quotes an expert's assessment: "To succeed, G&L Bank will have to be competitive on products and rates and offer more than lip service."
"I think we have to go back to Van Buren to find a vice president who succeeded as the president."
"Now it is Mr Barak's duty to correct that image and prove to the world that agreements signed by a previous Israeli government are not considered mere scraps of paper by a succeeding Israeli administration and that every Israeli government has the duty and international obligation to honor treaties signed by its predecessors."
Serbs may find solidarity in the memory of defeats past and present, but when it comes to rallying America, nothing succeeds like success.
His struggle through the start-up and red ink of USA Today succeeded in bending daily journalism to the principles of classical American pragmatism.
Remnick does not manage his material so as to prove that Russia is bound to succeed, or doomed to fail" (the Economist ).
The best way to secure your data from outsiders is via encryption . The goal here is to prevent others from accessing it or, as a last resort, preventing them from reading it or tampering with it if they do succeed in accessing it.
Sometimes, practitioners of the genre can rise above its limitations; but you can count on two fingers the number of books that have migrated from the business-aisle ghetto to the mainstream: Barbarians at the Gate and Den of Thieves . Barbarians succeeded because its writers, Bryan Burrough and John Helyar, weren't seduced by the power of its subjects.
He might succeed, too, if it weren't for Jerome Facher (Robert Duvall), the Beatrice lawyer who knows how to keep Schlichtmann shadowboxing while his small firm's financial resources dwindle to nothing.
When I didn't answer, he added in big letters: "It was a great mission, and it succeeded."
It said there is anxiety in Jordan at the prospect of the king being succeeded by his brother, Crown Prince Hassan, who is regarded as "snobbish and loquacious by his critics, who say his sentences are often so long that by the time they end, the listener or reader has forgotten how they started."
The New York Times ' Janet Maslin says the unlikely pairing of DeVito and Hunter succeeds because it is not a romance but the story of a friendship.
Unfortunately for me and my security deposit, none of my towels succeeded.
If opponents of gun control don't recognize soon how the emerging prominence of kids and explosives is transforming the nation's image of deadly weapons, Clinton may succeed in reshaping the debate and turning the political tide against guns.
He was interrupted by a phone call and succeeded in activating only one of two packages of explosives; had he left the second package in the briefcase, it too would have exploded, greatly increasing the force of the bomb and killing everyone in the room.
Bradley began the campaign determined to convey his virtue and wisdom, and he succeeded.
She began her career by being a success--a Rhodes scholar with a splashy book--and has been tutoring others in how to succeed ever since.
So, even if Freud and Skinner had wholly succeeded in explaining how upbringing and social experience shape us, it all would have been a waste of time?
And so we still scapegoat RN for all the sins of the era to avoid having to ask tough questions about what really happened to Indochina, and to America, when Hanoi and the Khmer Rouge were permitted to have their way with people whom we'd pledged to protect (and almost succeeded in protecting).
Langston Hughes was succeeded by Richard Wright, who in turn was succeeded by James Baldwin.
A comment piece in the Independent of London Wednesday said that Barak has come to power "with the immense advantage of succeeding Benjamin Netanyahu, who, in three years, became the most widely detested Israeli leader at home and abroad since the formation of the state.
And you're given an 800 number, which is left on-screen through the succeeding scenes.
This argument fails logically (our civil-rights laws are entirely about special categories such as race), but it succeeds politically, by giving a fig leaf of neutrality to what is actually a moral aversion to homosexuality.
Where $20 Million succeeds is as a character study.
Yet frankness also compels me to acknowledge that, at the end of the day, Reagan succeeded in his great enterprise and Morris failed.
If Gore succeeds in linking the two issues this way, Bradley will lose the health-care debate, and with it the nomination.
"If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations, the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them," he told the Journal's David Asman recently.
uh i don't always succeed at that i usually keep one with a low interest rate and i'd put things on there that i think i'm not gonna give to
Maragall stepped down in 1999 to run for leadership of the Catalan Generalitat and was succeeded by Joan Clos I Matheu.
If we work together as one, we must succeed.
Without such knowledge, conservation is unlikely to succeed.
Today that vision is connecting girls, parents, and volunteers for opportunities to tap their skiffs, to succeed in their lives, an to enrich their relationships with their friends, families, and communities."
The chapter concludes with a more general discussion of what suppliers in information-integrated channels must do to succeed.
Though the buildup is sharply amusing in retrospect, it has succeeded in making Pat's return to television an event.
He must try three times, overcoming many obstacles, before he succeeds in bringing the bones to the sky.
Because his crime crackdown has succeeded, further reductions in lawlessness are coming at the cost of increased friction with innocent citizens.
We have succeeded, but run into fascinating problems of a general phase transition in problem solvability.
The prince, interviewed in Los Angeles where he was trying to drum up commissions for his TV production company, said he preferred doing business in America because in Britain "they hate anyone who succeeds."
American plants have largely succeeded through making huge runs of a limited range of products and, since the 1950s, technological changes on the floor—much quieter machinery, for example, or removal of the ubiquitous cotton dust (now required by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration) that used to affect both worker performance and the quality of cloth—have dramatically improved industry performance.
Shlaes hates progressivity not because it fails but because it succeeds.
For this line of theory to succeed, it is not actually necessary that amplitude preferentially accumulate in the outermost, gamma-N, ring.
During one heated GOP caucus, he made a scene by telling the speaker that he wouldn't succeed in intimidating him, because burly NFL linebackers had tried and failed.
    and nearly succeeded.
The rest of the British press was largely taken up Monday with fresh argument about the future of the monarchy after Demos, a think tank close to the Tony Blair government, published a report proposing the removal of the queen's last remaining powers and a referendum to decide if Prince Charles should be allowed to succeed her.
Even if that program were to succeed, it does not necessarily yield a complex universe, let alone one poised roughly between expansion and contraction.
Langston Hughes was succeeded by Richard Wright, who in turn was succeeded by James Baldwin.
Gavrilets also identifies the cost of female choosiness as a critical issue: many models of sympatric speciation depend on the assumption that females always succeed in mating even if the male type they prefer is rare, so their choosiness has no cost.
level down to the lowest level so that the lowest level can succeed
The federal prosecution succeeded in jailing only a handful of the principals involved, but the publicity was enough to make the concept of “reform” a popular one.
After the first round, the stringency of each succeeding round of site selection was increased by using successively less (0.
Regardless of where Quick Response has succeeded, however, our research indicates that very different time-based competitive demands have emerged in the industry, driven not by voluntary acceptance of policies but by the changing nature of market competition among retailers.
As Milosevic's resistance continued, alarm grew in the Western press over the apparent lack of clear war aims and the growing fear that NATO will not succeed in restoring peace to Yugoslavia without committing ground troops.
The revolutionaries joined with the newly-born Hungarian communist movement, but took their reform demands too far and too fast, and only succeeded in provoking a right-wing backlash led by Admiral Miklós Horthy.
However, whereas in peripheral nerves the appropriate geometry is reconstructed, in white matter, such reconstruction apparently fails or does not succeed in sufficient time to permit regeneration.
As John McCaskill, another theoretical physicist-chemist in the Eigen-Schuster group, points out, no one has succeeded so far in creating an algorithmic system of reproducing entities that generates impressive hierarchical agents or persistent, increasingly complex organization.
Both the Soviet and Yugoslav systems were based on the cynical exploitation of ethnicity, so it's only natural that succeeding systems continue the tradition.
That doesn't mean they will succeed, but it means they have a much better chance than most of the companies out there.
On Friday the Corriere della Sera of Milan, Italy, interviewed Professor Arthur Schlesinger Jr., who said that even if the impeachment of Clinton didn't succeed, "its effect in weakening the institution of the presidency will continue to be felt for generations."
To succeed, a propaganda campaign need not convince its audience; it need merely suck the oxygen out of the lungs of its foes.
Microsoft in The Microsoft Way is a benign, friendly company that succeeded in spite of itself.
Yet another VF article about Rupert Murdoch: It handicaps the race to succeed him.
The screenplay, too, "succeeds in preserving the mandarin lyricism of Woolf's language without slipping into the 'poetic' " (Daphne Merkin, The New Yorker ). Critics also applaud Vanessa Redgrave's turn as the wistful middle-age English socialite--the only actress, says New York 's David Denby, "large enough to hold together this plotless story."
He not only has his own ego willing him to succeed, but also shareholders.
This sounds pretty optimistic, and Larry Rhodes, a formerly homeless man who does "intake" at the shelter McDonald runs in Harlem, says the program has succeeded partly because it screens out drug addicts and hard cases.
They just assess whether the remarks will succeed or fail politically.
Tufte has produced three books that make it possible to see the dynamics of linguistic grammar in a brilliantly synesthetic way--books that succeed in this task by not having grammar as their ostensible subject at all.
Where Clinton has deployed his own formidable brain, primarily in economic and some areas of domestic policy, he has largely succeeded.
Has integration succeeded?
But if you come at the industry with the perspective of a Microsoft defense lawyer, as Stross does, you won't ever learn--let alone be able to explain--why Microsoft succeeds the way it does.
The paper also reported strong speculation that German Defense Minister Rudolf Scharping will be the next secretary-general of NATO, succeeding Spaniard Javier Solana, who is expected to be appointed this week as the first foreign policy supremo of the European Union.
The year before the outbreak of the American Revolution, Priestley succeeded in removing from air, so he thought, the substance called phlogiston which was thought to be what put fires out, and dubbed his dephlogisticated air oxygen because he supposed it to be an essential ingredient of acids (Greek oxy -, sharp—as in oxymoron —plus - gen , related to the verb gignomai , I become, happen, am born) .
To succeed, rock bands now either 1) fake an earnest devotion to kitschy music, or 2) earnestly devote themselves to inauthentic, radio-friendly music.
If the angels (who become serial killers on their trek to New Jersey, gorily murdering Ten Commandments violators as a kind of last hurrah), succeed in their mission, God will be shown to be fallible, the center will not hold, and the apocalypse will destroy all life in the universe.
The convention will definitely not succeed in sniffing out all chemical weapons everywhere.
(Or, even if they're not incomprehensible, the media have never succeeded in portraying them in a way that interests the American public.)
His latest two series, though, succeed at being both.
It does not stand to reason, then, that the man who so succeeds while preoccupied with a moral scandal that could have cost him his seat at the Oval Office, would be paralyzed and disabled once the episode is over."
It's the one with Frank and Elvis doing that dreadful duet, in which both were forced to mimic themselves as respresentatives of The Voice for two succeeding generations.
And it's succeeding.
Never a true superstar, he managed to succeed mainly because he continued to perform and his voice miraculously seemed to improve with age.
It is often true, as several respondents observe, that in order to succeed in the mainstream world speakers must use a standard variety.
Who will succeed Boris Yeltsin as president of Russia, if Yeltsin does not create a ruse to succeed himself?
Among his several conclusions: Zionism succeeded because it favored pragmatism and modernity over ideology and nostalgia.
There are a few good schools, even in Harlem, which have succeeded by doing end runs around the unionized bureaucracy of the central system.
The cynical spin: Anyone can succeed if he stops wasting his energy on others.
Who will succeed Boris Yeltsin as president of Russia, if Yeltsin does not create a ruse to succeed himself?
Bush, who gets high marks for his positivism and inclusiveness, may succeed in the 2000 presidential race, because he can steer clear of the flailing Republicans in Washington.
He is succeeding as a political pundit in part because of his interesting vantage point--he hates Hillary but loves Bill--and in part because he is the Michael Milken of the attention economy.
The policy succeeded, and I was fortunate to have had the opportunity to make that contribution to my people.
Glazer observes that while the multicultural curriculum is being propagated in the name of the new wave of immigrants, the immigrants themselves want to succeed on more or less the same terms as the European newcomers of 75 years ago.
The Pentagon corridor explanation teased out by the WP is that if it were to fail it would be a colossal embarrassment for the Air Force, while if it were to succeed it might siphon money away from newer hot Air Force aircraft programs.
After shuttering the DOE, Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed.
OLAF has succeeded in significantly increasing IOLTA funding in recent years.
Widowhood wins votes: Between 1916 and 1993, "84 percent of first-time female candidates for the House who were running to succeed their dead husbands won their races."
As worksharing discounts are given and competitors begin to compete for business and profits, it is often believed that they might succeed in attracting more overall volume into the system.
"If his mission fails, he will have the full moral right to say, 'I did all I could'; and if he succeeds, the rewards would be tremendous."
Both KSM and Khallad were aware of Hazmi's interest in finding a bride, and KSM reportedly went so far as to promise Hazmi a monthly stipend of $700 in the event he succeeded in marrying.
In 1964, he succeeded Steve Allen as host of Westinghouse's marquee late-night show.
The mailer/competitor might pay lower wages than the postal service, might succeed in managing and/or scheduling more tightly the sorting operations, might achieve higher productivity levels, and might be working with a more
The WP 's ticktock account of Hastert's vote campaign proposes that the bill ultimately passed because "just about every Republican wants Hastert to succeed."
2a) or succeeding ( d 
The perennial argument for dismantling the Department of Energy doesn't succeed because it doesn't make sense.
SSI applications require detailed information from treatment and service providers to succeed.
But enough has been said to show that the Southern Christian Leadership Conference was a cult of personality in which King's lieutenants covered up his sexual peccadilloes and vied obscenely for his attention and the chance to succeed him in the public eye.
This search did not succeed.
Mehta's writerly persona, a disarming mixture of the feline and the naive, is perfect for relating the little scandals that worried The New Yorker in the late '70s (plagiarism, frozen turbot), the drama of finding a worthy candidate to succeed the aging Shawn as editor, the purchase of the magazine by the evil Si Newhouse ("We all took fright") and the resultant plague of Gottliebs and Florios visited upon it, and what he sees as the final debacle: Tinaji.
, but which also use strippeddown network topologies (to focus on individual cell behaviors), test specifically for bistability, correlate results with the patterns formed, and ultimately generate a set of mathematical rules that strongly predict those cases that succeed or fail at producing an appropriate pattern.
Determined to take New York by storm, she wrote to Georgia O'Keeffe--a female artist who had succeeded in the male-dominated New York art world--for advice.
But the plan did not succeed.
For the moment, Clinton has largely succeeded in limiting the damage.
In Weisberg's view, Bradley succeeded in making Gore "look like a complete ass."
Bryant is succeeded, mercifully, by Hutchinson, who argues the case for obstruction of justice.
With Mitchell working the Hill and Dole advising backstage, the firm succeeded in striking out a provision supported by President Clinton that would have allowed more apparel imports from the Caribbean.
By striving and succeeding without complaint, Asian immigrants have become, in the words of Irving Kristol, "just another 'European' ethnic group."
Deputy Press Secretary Joe Lockhart, who will succeed McCurry as press secretary next month, remains behind.
Don Michael Randel, currently provost at Cornell University, has been selected to succeed Hugo Sonnenschein, who stepped down in June.
If Bush succeeds in projecting such sensitivity, the cure may prove worse than the disease.
As Gorney notes, the well-meaning organization known as Common Ground Network for Life and Choice, a national project that brings pro-choice and pro-life activists together in discussion circles and makes mediators available to help resolve their differences, has succeeded mainly in inflaming partisans on both sides while producing "extremely modest tangible results."
The CEO has failed because he's not very good, and succeeds only by crying.
At the end of his account of Molly Munger's fight against the CCRI, and her deflation when after all her efforts it succeeds, Lemann tells us that she has left civil-rights work and has started a new organization devoted to improving education for the poor.
Such dictionaries, too, succeed because they establish a rapport with generations of users.
If Microsoft does succeed in its takeover of Mattel, an unlikely event given that no such talks are in progress or even contemplated, these News Quiz Action Figures will be hitting Toys "R" Us just in time for some annual event traditionally cheapened by ritualized gift-giving stripped of any genuine feeling.
(Those who think of California as a paragon of avant-garde thought may need reminding that the school-marms there succeeded in banning the sale of the Dictionary of American Slang , by Wentworth and Flexner, in the 1970s, by which time one might have thought that their moral fiber would have caught up with their professed modernity.)
Chavis and Farrakhan both argue that Christianity and the nation are incompatible, and many predict that the 49-year-old Chavis will ultimately succeed Farrakhan.
The hype succeeded in getting my hopes up, but not for long.
This effort has largely succeeded, because Vegas is still the dominant image of American gambling, if not the dominant reality.
By violating these taboos over and over, some succeed in defining themselves as rebels.
So how did the FDA succeed in regulating tobacco?
It must be awful, they argue, if the president's lawyers have succeeded in feeding a dubious and duplicitous defense to the Senate, the public, and the press.
If British telecom giant Vodafone succeeds in its attempted hostile takeover of German telecom giant Mannesmann, the deal will be, by some measures, the biggest deal in history (non-inflation, non-bull-market-adjusted, that is).
Chernomyrdin is not all that qualified to succeed in his new mission, and he may not even be motivated to do so.
For six weeks on the set of the next Batman movie, Arnold Schwarzenegger has been paid $25 million, or $833,333 a day--plus, if the film succeeds, he will get another $10 million or so from merchandising revenue.
The show succeeds spectacularly in this regard.
While fretting about what will happen if Harris succeeds, fertility experts simultaneously debunk that scenario.
régime --also suited New York's steel, railway, or breakfast-food emperors and their descendants and emulators in the succeeding two generations.
The editor of The New Yorker takes on one of the most written-about sports figures in American history and "succeeds, more than any previous book, in bringing Ali into focus" (Allen Barra, the Wall Street Journal ). Critics lavish praise on Remnick, not just for his analysis of Ali but because he is said to have brilliantly invoked the complex intersection of boxing and race relations in the 1960s.
A very pale young man stood up and said that Judgment Day was coming unless the Republic of Texas succeeded.
Prediction: Without the Disney name, the movie won't succeed financially.
Will they succeed?
For what Grove succeeded in doing at Intel was this: He made the company stronger than just him.
Gates wants to, and has, succeeded in his profession.
She's insatiable because the hunger to succeed is what formed her.
Everybody is trying to do the same thing; some succeed, and those who don't are envious.
It is also fitting that the character chosen by the authors of Shakespeare in Charge: The Bard's Guide to Leading and Succeeding on the Business Stage as a role model for CEOs is Henry V. Hal, as he is called, is widely acknowledged to be the playwright's most Machiavellian hero.
The U.N. secretary-general, says the article, is a career bureaucrat who "succeeds at little things and fails at big things."
The method succeeded to perfection when Alabama state troopers bludgeoned and tear-gassed the Selma march led by Lewis in 1965.
They may struggle to find the right word and, if they succeed, may mispronounce it.
5) Why do some schools fail and others succeed?
The Philadelphia Orchestra was led by Leopold Stokowski, who reigned supreme for 26 years until 1938, when Eugene Ormandy succeeded him--and stayed for 42.
There is much to be said for this, and Motion succeeds in recasting our idea of Keats' political background.
Weak governors also face limits of one or two terms, making them automatic lame ducks: They tend to govern less independently and exercise less clout with legislatures than strong governors, who, because they can repeatedly succeed themselves, amass more and more political power.
Take the now-retired Paul Simon of Illinois, who took a courageous position in support of the balanced-budget amendment and held to it consistently--even in 1995, when the Democrats were one vote short, and wouldn't have succeeded in defeating the amendment without the help of Republican Mark Hatfield.
Most experts also doubt the Joint Chiefs were unified in the view that bombing wouldn't succeed: It's Air Force doctrine that bombing will succeed in such circumstances, so Air Force advisers almost certainly predicted a bombing triumph.
The coalition succeeded by turning homelessness into a simple, powerful moral equation, but the equation wasn't actually so simple.
elusive," he says, working to enunciate like a young Alec Guinness but succeeding only in nullifying his natural Scots charm.
Whether his successors in this role succeed or not, I suspect that Yates will one day be better remembered for another accomplishment: the U.S.
Yet another VF article about Rupert Murdoch: It handicaps the race to succeed him.
Willy's pushing his sons to succeed and his unwillingness to accept their failures develop into delusion and insanity.
Yankee Talk works hard at being both, but succeeds better at the second aim than the first, giving out a passel (indefinite number) of entertainment and a gorm (gooey mess) of misinformation.
Because surgery is so violent, surgeons generally do not undertake it unless they expect to succeed.
Even if it isn't, it may succeed in selling that argument to the public.
CMP have demonstrated that to succeed, such social rebels would have to achieve impossibly high savings rates--so the aristocracy endures.
Taiwan and Korea succeeded, the Economist explained at the start of this decade, because they had among "the least price-distorting regimes in the world."
Well, he did succeed in coercing Time Warner into selling its interest in the gangsta-rap heavy Interscope label--only to see the label and its artists thrive under the patronage of its new co-owners MCA.
Adam Michnik was arrested in a demonstration in Warsaw in February of 1968, went on to become the leading theorist of the Solidarity protest movement of the 1980s, and survived to take up a role as middle-aged statesman in the Polish political world that succeeded the collapse of communism in 1989.
KKR has not succeeded because of the discipline of debt or even the promise of untold riches.
Students at University of California, Irvine claim they are succeeding in a supportive atmosphere.
' That is said scornfully or dismissively," says historian and Brinkley mentor Ambrose, who tapped Brinkley to succeed him as director of University of New Orleans' Eisenhower Center.
Just as waves of Ashleys and Brittanys are succeeded by hordes of Maxes and Sadies, so the postmodern bricolage names of the '70s and '80s have been replaced by the retro labels of the '90s.
Whatever the technical merits of the government's interpretation of the decree, you have to wonder what important public interest will be served if the government's case succeeds.
2) Yeltsin was jealous because Primakov was succeeding.
Rebellion fails, or succeeds only in limited ways, which leads to frustration and apathy.
But while the Klein who wrote Cigarettes had succeeded in mastering his obsession (by the time he'd finished the book he'd quit smoking), FAT Klein is still in the process of recovering from the throes of diet.
If any of the couples succeeds, the radio station will pay a $1 million prize.
And whether or not a documentary succeeds, Moyers always serves as a tonic to television's mad rush.
Not all the way--he has not yet succeeded in building a durable majority on the court.
Holly Brubach, who succeeded Fraser at The New Yorker , kept the standard high during her time there.
If vote.com succeeds, Morris will become that intermediary.
As in the case of agriculture--in which a complex edifice of subsidies has also succeeded in developing an industry whose products are unmatched in quality, quantity, and variety--reform is rarely straightforward.
He quoted one Israeli official as saying that Israel hopes Hassan will succeed because he is not only deeply committed to the peace process but is also "a person of vast experience."
But community service, plus censure, might succeed.
But almost no new private residential developments, including New Urbanism, have succeeded at mixing incomes to any considerable degree (the exception are Hope VI projects, which do achieve income mixing, although they are still too new to draw categorical conclusions from).
