A particularly ugly squirrel named Gertrude was atop a tree 65,433,872 years ago.
She was told that one of the individuals in the photographs was someone named Khalid al Mihdhar.
We [ 21 ] and others [ 22 ] previously characterized genes for highly related proteins in X. laevis, M. musculus and H. sapiens (named nocturnin, "mCCR4" and "hCCR4" ), disclosing circadian expression [ 22 ] , and with C-terminus displaying significant similarity with the C-terminus of yCCR4 (close to 30%).
This rice open reading frame was named OsFPP and was included in the sequence and structural analysis shown in Fig.
It has been named GRIP domain [ 42 ] or Golgi localization domain (GLD) [ 18 ] and is sufficient to specify Golgi targeting in mammalian cells.
The common-pathway enzymes through chorismate synthase are named in order, that is [AroA] catalyzes the first pathway reaction, [AroB] the second, and so on.
This requires naming at the level of domain and the designation aroQ• aroA was implemented to denote such a fusion [ 9, 10, 11, 12].
Thus, the model contains OntologyEntries, whose roles are named to fit their purpose; for example, BioSequences has an OntologyEntry named 'species', which should be used to refer to an entry in the NCBI taxonomy database.
Using clustered ESTs ( M. incognita and M. javanica sequences, named WMi and WMj) as queries to the worm, fly and bacterial protein databases (which are based on gene annotation) produced a similar degree of reduction (Table 1).
The Kleinman Award is named after former Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation Chairman Harold F. Kleinman.
The notochord is an embryonic structure that forms the primitive axial skeleton of the developing embryo, and because mutations affecting notochord development result in shortened embryos, seven of the affected genes have been named after the dwarves in Snow White—zebrafish, like some other developmental models, have many imaginatively named mutants.
Very Toledan in feel, this small hotel in a 17th-century noble home is named for the city’s most famous (adopted) son.
Princess (and later saint) Margit stayed on the island for the rest of her life; it was subsequently named after her.
Down on Gower Street, the Anglican Cathedral, also named after John the Baptist, burned down twice, and its simple Neo-Gothic 20th-century version is still without a steeple.
At the turn of the century, the town leased it as a park, named after Lord Stanley, Canada’s governor general.
Several dozen lakes in China are named “West Lake,” but only one is so celebrated that it needs no further identification.
The LAT story is much sharper, naming the number of beneficiaries--5.
The daughter of Faith Whittlesley (Reagan chum and twice ambassador to Switzerland) is divorcing a Rockefeller relly named O'Neill.
Soon afterward, he recanted his confession, saying that he had transported the suspected murder weapon to Memphis on behalf of a man named "Raoul," but did not shoot King.
The Economist anoints a populist economic reformer named Boris Nemstov as Russia's great political hope.
Last fall (months before her existence was revealed to the public), a Secret Service officer warned Bob Dole to avoid a neighbor in the Watergate named Monica Lewinsky.
Since The Bell Curve was published, it has become clear that almost everything about it was inexcusably wrong: suspect data, mistakes in statistical procedures that would have flunked a sophomore (Murray--Herrnstein is deceased--clearly does not understand what a correlation coefficient means), deliberate suppression of contrary evidence, you name it.
Washington state is named for George.
Slate readers responding to last week's invitation to name the scandal have not covered themselves in literary glory.
A Polish astronomer named Copernicus (1473-1543) rudely pointed out: Sorry earthlings, we spin around the sun, not vice versa.
The prize for best sectarian of the decade may go to a Trostkyite named Karl Mienov.
A reference group (the term was invented in 1942 by a psychologist named Herbert Hyman) is the set of people with whom you compare yourself in order to appraise how you're doing.
Responding to my suggestions that he uses selective quotation and inadequate research, he writes, "Siskel gave Armageddon a 'thumbs up' and named it his 'flick of the week' on Sneak Previews ."
He and his Las Vegas allies, a former Las Vegas city councilman named Steve Miller and an inner city venture capitalist named Otis Harris, invite me on a tour of Las Vegas.
The cover article and photo essay preview the new Star Wars movie, The Phantom Menace . Among the details revealed: The villains are evil Jedi named Darth Maul and Darth Sidious, the film starts with the siege of Naboo, a planet whose queen will become Luke and Leia's mother.
The five have not yet been publicly named, but one is said to be the son of a prominent Irish nationalist opponent of the recently brokered peace accord.
Then, no matter what we do, they make fun of us and call us names like 'bureaucrats' and 'paper pushers.
During college, my best friend was a fellow named Jay.
The FAA noted that a man named Luciano Porcari hijacked a Spanish plane in 1977 and was sent briefly to prison for it.
named new state motto.
One of the greatest novels in any language, Robinson Crusoe , was published by an author named Robinson Crusoe--not by Daniel Defoe--and passed off as a factual tale.
Fellow named Le Clare, though he spelled it Le Clerk.
The rationale behind referring to them as “lost” arises from the author's observation of an unfortunate state of affairs: because of an increasingly widespread lack of familiarity with the basic, structural elements of our culture—Greek and Roman mythology, the Bible, literature, and ordinary historical fact—people today are unable to discern the origins of terms like aphrodisiac, Achilles [sic] heel or tendon, meet one's Waterloo, sow dragon's teeth , and hand-writing on the wall , to name a few.
There is an unconfirmed story that Laredo , Texas, was named for the sounds made by the chimes in the Catholic church: la, re , and do . Another folk etymology has it that the Snake River was so named because it coiled back and forth so much.
' I went to high school--a small school with only a minority of Italians--with a girl named Pochintesta ( poco `little,' in `in,' testa `head'), another named Zucchi (a plural form of zucca `squash,' or, colloquially, `head'; Hanks and Hodges say this name was often given to a person of “scarce intelligence,” as in “pumpkinhead”), one boy named Chiappa (`buttock'), and another named Chiappinelli (which may be either an extended diminutive of Chiappa or the diminutive of chiappino , which Battaglia defines as a `type of ape').
In Germany it is called der Trauermantel; in France it is le morio (`the moor'); the English named it the Camberwell beauty . What butterfly are they talking about?
Did he, like the mythical “Boy Named Sue,” continually have to prove himself?
My guess is that the joker who named the program Balagan was a Russian-speaking immigrant, either to Israel or America, who may well have been aware of the word's currency in modern Hebrew but for whom the meaning remained the Russian one.
Some years elapsed before the British decided to establish a penal settlement in the land which Cook, when he took possession of it in 1770, primarily to forestall the French, named New South Wales.
Salvationist, ex-army bugler, retired marine biologist, inventor, paronomasiamaniac, you name it, Zach Arnold has been or is it.
Other loanwords repeat the Sydney pattern, striking or otherwise significant flora, fauna, and weapons being named: so there is the Tasmanian boobialla , a fruit-bearing Acacia, the Melburnian bullan bullan , a beautiful bird with a lyre-shaped tail, the Brisbane yungan `gong,' the Adelaide pinkie , a bilby or bandicoot, and the Perth quokka , a species of wallaby.
One place has the distinction of having no fewer than four atoms named after it, an embarrassment of nomenclature arising from what was originally thought to be one element turning out on closer inspection to be several.
The YMCA of the USA also named it an Outstanding International Program in 1997.
Looks at picture books and names many pictures.
The father wove an animated tale about a boy named Chaim, who had great diculty remaining quiet during the holiday service.
Ricky alternately named the numbers he recognized and counted items as they passed through the checkout.
23 During the “remember” condition, children repeatedly named and touched the objects—a rehearsal strategy that, much like repeating a phone number, helped them hold on to information, but only brieﬂy.
One toddler named Ari, having become an avid make-believer, soon showed a corresponding rise in joking.
And they named reading and writing as their favorite activities.
There was one exception: in Tucson, Arizona, a teacher named Margarite Collier started a Mexican Folklore Club in 1937 in an elementary school, for the specific purpose of maintaining the cultural traditions from Mexico.
In the novel The Road to Tamazunchale, Ron Arias creates a streetwise character, a bato named Mario, who acts as a sidekick to the main character, Fausto.
In Los Pastores, or the Shepherds’ Play, a mystery play performed in Mexico and the Southwest since the sixteenth century, the shepherd who plays the role of a buffoon, a jester, is named Bato.
Another belief is that only men named Juan or Juan Bautista or women named Juana have the ability to catch or overpower a witch.
Another belief is that only men named Juan or Juan Bautista or women named Juana have the ability to catch or overpower a witch.
Conversely the power of a witch cannot be exerted over a person named Juan or Juana.
Rolling Stone Magazine named the group Band of the Year in 1985.
One of the oldest ongoing car clubs in Los Angeles is named the Dukes.
Mariachi groups originated in the region of Jalisco, even before it was named as a state, a region greatly influenced by the Coca people, and in fact the Nahuatl word for contemporary indigenous performers is mariachitos.
During the mid-1850s there were at least five men named Joaquín, all of whom are credited with committing robberies and banditry.
In doubting the details of the Murrieta legend, researchers go back to Ridge’s version, which some say was based on newspaper stories about the various bandits named Joaquín.
At the University of California in Berkeley, a Chicano cooperative student house first established in 1970 is named Casa Joaquín Murrieta after this famous folk hero.
Nina Otero was born in Los Lunas, New Mexico, a town named after her grandfather’s family, a descendent of an early influential Hispanic family.
One character is named Bato, as in bato loco (crazy guy), a phrase of contemporary usage among Chicanos today.
The first publisher of contemporary Chicano literature in the 1960s, based in Berkeley, California, was named Quinto Sol Publications.
In the 1970s the group created and successfully performed a play called La Carpa de los Rasquachis (The Tent of the Rasquachis) about a family named Rasquachi.
His career of flight and lawlessness started in 1851 when, with several other men at a fandango, he witnessed or was involved in the death of a constable named Hardimount.
Each player is named a color, and the two leaders, the devil and the angel, try to gain the most players.
The Act named seventeen people who were entitled to exercise the privileges of the incorporated company, and, further, it imposed fines for every violation of the patent.
Suddenly, Tomasina saw a hideous starfish, named Darthvader, dead ahead.
For example, some of the most famous museums (the Louvre, the Hermitage, the Belvedere) started life as royal palaces; the Uffizi in Florence is so named because it originally housed offices; and the Prado in Madrid was designed to be a museum of science, not art.
Around this time Sweeney told Woodward that the hijackers were Middle Easterners, naming three of their seat numbers.
At 8:52, in Easton, Connecticut, a man named Lee Hanson received a phone call from his son Peter, a passenger on United 175.
Though he emphasized the worldwide nature of the conflict, the references to specific enemies or regions named only the Taliban, al Qaeda, and Afghanistan.
Consider, for example, the case of Mihdhar, Hazmi, and their January 2000 trip to Kuala Lumpur, detailed in chapter 6. In late 1999, the National Security Agency (NSA) analyzed communications associated with a man named Khalid, a man named Nawaf, and a man named Salem.
Consider, for example, the case of Mihdhar, Hazmi, and their January 2000 trip to Kuala Lumpur, detailed in chapter 6. In late 1999, the National Security Agency (NSA) analyzed communications associated with a man named Khalid, a man named Nawaf, and a man named Salem.
Consider, for example, the case of Mihdhar, Hazmi, and their January 2000 trip to Kuala Lumpur, detailed in chapter 6. In late 1999, the National Security Agency (NSA) analyzed communications associated with a man named Khalid, a man named Nawaf, and a man named Salem.
Had they been alerted to look for a possible companion named Nawaf al Hazmi, they might have noticed him too.
Designations are instead a form of diplomacy, as governments join together to identify named individuals and groups as terrorists.
Since 1979, the secretary of state has had the authority to name "state sponsors of terrorism," subjecting such countries to significant economic sanctions.
According to Hambali, in late 1999 or early 2000 KSM sent an al Qaeda operative named Issa al Britani to visit Hambali in Malaysia.
Although Hazmi did not use his housemate's telephone to make calls, he apparently received calls on it, including calls from an individual named Ashraf Suboh, who called the house 16 times between July 20 and November 18, 2000.
In December 1999, while still in high school in Saudi Arabia, Hamlan became involved with a group that gathered periodically to watch jihad propaganda tapes, and was encouraged by a mentor named Bandar Marui to pursue jihad, especially as practiced in the Bosnia-Herzegovina and Russian-Afghan wars and a book titled Gladiator of Passion.
An individual named Abu Basir al Yemeni indoctrinated the two in Bin Ladin's anti-U.S. position and extolled the virtues of martyrdom.
Second, the Spanish government contends that during the relevant time period, an individual named Muhammed Belfatmi was near the town where the Atta-Binalshibh meeting took place.
Finally, Spanish authorities rely on an intercepted telephone conversation between cell leader Imad Eddin Barakat Yarkas and an individual named "Shakur" in August 2001, in which "Shakur" describes himself as entering "the field of aviation" and "slitting the throat of the bird."
In May 2001, President Bush named Vice President Cheney to head a task force on problems of national preparedness.
Also, in February 1974, a man named Samuel Byck attempted to commandeer a plane at Baltimore Washington International Airport with the intention of forcing the pilots to fly into Washington and crash into the White House to kill the president.
In April had come the bombing of the Murrah federal building in Oklahoma City; immediate suspicions that it had been the work of Islamists turned out to be wrong, and the bombers proved to be American antigovernment extremists named Timothy Mc Veigh and Terry Nichols.
There he claims to have become a follower of the Islamist extremist teachings of various clerics, including one named Abdullah Sungkar.
On his way to Karachi, Hazmi spent a night in Quetta at a safehouse where, according to KSM, an Egyptian named Mohamed Atta simultaneously stayed on his way to Afghanistan for jihad training.
In 1998, Binalshibh and Atta began sharing an apartment in the Harburg section of Hamburg, together with a young student from the United Arab Emirates named Marwan al Shehhi.
The worshippers at this mosque featured an outspoken, flamboyant Islamist named Mohammed Haydar Zammar.
An individual named Khalid al Masri approached Binalshibh and Shehhi (because they were Arabs with beards, Binalshibh thinks) and struck up a conversation about jihad in Chechnya.
After obtaining the necessary visas, they received Slahi's final instructions on how to travel to Karachi and then Quetta, where they were to contact someone named Umar al Masri at the Taliban office.
Binalshibh remembers that when he arrived at the Taliban office in Quetta, there was no one named Umar al Masri.
The new recruits also learned that an individual named Rabia al Makki (Nawaf al Hazmi) would be part of the operation.
In chapter 5 we introduced an al Qaeda operative named Nashiri.
They later learned that one of his companions was named Alhazmi, although it was not yet known that he was "Nawaf."
Furthermore, one of the people who would befriend them-a man named Mohdar Abdullah-recalled a trip with Hazmi and Mihdhar to Los Angeles in June when, on their arrival, the three went to the King Fahd mosque.
There Hazmi and Mihdhar greeted various individuals whom they appeared to have met previously, including a man named "Khallam."
At the Dar al Hijra mosque, Hazmi and Hanjour met a Jordanian named Eyad al Rababah.
Omari, for example, is believed to have been a student of a radical Saudi cleric named Sulayman al Alwan.
A tenth individual, a Tunisian with Canadian citizenship named Abderraouf Jdey, may have been a candidate to participate in 9/11, or he may have been a candidate for a later attack.
According to an al Qaeda facilitator, operatives were brought to the safehouse by a trusted Pakistani al Qaeda courier named Abdullah Sindhi, who also worked for KSM.
For example, in September 2000, a source had reported that an individual named Khalid al-Shaykh al-Ballushi was a key lieutenant in al Qaeda.
We named it as ButaIT (
Except for the last named tissue where IDO is expressed constitutively, IDO is inducible by inflammatory mediators, including interferons.
Various efficient algorithms to infer gene duplications on a gene tree by comparing it to a species tree have been described (for example: by Eulenstein [ 11 ] , and by Zhang [ 12 ] ). We developed a simple algorithm (named SDI for Speciation Duplication Inference) that appears to solve this problem even more efficiently on realistic data sets, though it has an asymptotic worst-case running time that is less favorable [ 13 ] .
The third, named "bpseq," is a simple text format that contains the sequence, one nucleotide per line, its position number, and the position number of the pairing partner (or 0 if that nucleotide is unpaired in the covariation-based structure model).
Based upon the numbering of the reference sequence, each helix is named for the position number at the 5' end of the 5' half of the helix.
For example, the first 16S rRNA helix, which spans E. coli positions 9-13/21-25, is named "9;" the helix at positions 939-943/1340-1344 is named "939."
For example, the first 16S rRNA helix, which spans E. coli positions 9-13/21-25, is named "9;" the helix at positions 939-943/1340-1344 is named "939."
Base pair frequencies are presented for a) all base pairs in the current covariation-based structure models, b) tentative base pairs predicted with covariation analysis, and c) base pairs previously proposed with comparative analysis that are not included in our current structure models due to a lack of comparative support from the analysis with our best covariation methods on our current alignments (named "Lousy" base pairs).
In parallel, with the significant advancements in computational and networking hardware and software, our need for more detailed and quantitative comparative information for each RNA molecule under study, and our interest in studying more RNA molecules beyond 16S and 23S rRNA, we have greatly expanded our web site, and named it the "Comparative RNA Web" (CRW) Site.
The first step was to name one of the arrays as the baseline in the comparative analysis program (Microarray Suite 5.0).
A different array was then named as the baseline.
These steps were repeated until all 12 arrays had been named as the baseline.
Accordingly, the technique is named Universal Sequence Map (USM).
In addition, transcription factors that were not readily aligned with a family, but have been documented and studied were placed together in the appropriately named "Orphans Family".
The SRE binds a transcription factor named serum response factor (SRF) which was found to be necessary, but not sufficient, for serum induction of the SRE [ 3, 4, 5].
The transcriptional regulatory activities of Smad1 in the nucleus are associated with its ability to directly bind to DNA [ 12 ] , its interaction with other DNA-binding transcription factors, such as OAZ, SIP1 and Hoxc-8 [ 13 14 15 ] , and also its interaction with the master transcriptional co-activator CBP/p300 [ 16 ] . Smad4 is an essential functional partner in Smad-regulated transcription and also interacts with CBP/p300 via a domain within the central linker region named as SAD (Smad Activation Domain) [ 13 ] . Since CBP/p300 has intrinsic histone acetyltransferase (HAT) activity and participates in chromatin remodeling, the recruitment of CBP/p300 into the DNA-binding complexes of Smad1 and Smad4 is likely a critical step in Smad-regulated gene activation.
The 26S proteasome is responsible for the bulk turnover of cytoplasmic and nuclear proteins in eukaryotic cells and also plays a key role in the regulation of cell cycle, signal transduction, transcription as well as antigen presentation [ 17 18 19 20 21 ] . Most of the known proteasomal substrates are marked and targeted to proteasome by ubiquitination [ 17 19 20 ] . Ubiquitination, however, is not an obligatory step for substrate targeting to proteasome [ 17 18 20 ] . The degradation of the ornithine decarboxylase (ODC), the rate-limiting enzyme for polyamine synthesis, involves a protein named antizyme (Az), which binds and targets ODC to 26S proteasome for degradation [ 18 ] . However, ODC has remained an "orphan" in Az-dependent proteasomal degradation.
The second group contains four known proteins: GST (clone 13), MBP-1 (c-Myc promoter Binding Protein, clone 14) [ 28 ] , Smad1 (clone 17), TAG (Tumor Associated Gene, clone 31) [ 29 ] and PAG (Proliferation Associated Gene, clone 35) [ 30 ] . The third group contains four novel proteins: clone 19, 12, 27 and 28, which we named as SNIP1, SIP2, SIP3 and SIP4, respectively.
1, clone 19 encodes a novel nuclear protein named as Smad1 Nuclear Interacting Protein-1 (SNIP-1).
Western blot analyses using an anti-SNIP1 antibody detected two forms of SNIP1 with slightly different mobility, which are named as SNIP1.A and SNIP1.B (Fig.
Δ Symbol signifying "deletion" when naming constructs
ES cell lines from which the pgk promoter had been deleted were named Hnf3αΔpgk-Neo to indicate this event.
Searches of the Dictyostelium sequence databases revealed two potential GCN2-like genes that we named ifkA and ifkB (initiation factor kinase).
These were named ifkA and ifkB , for initiation factor kinase.
Two GCN2-like genes were identified and named ifkA (NCBI accession AAM43647) and ifkB (NCBI accession AAM33717).
MoeZ is one of several MSAE-like conceptually translated protein sequences identified by the M. tuberculosis genome sequencing group at Sanger Center [ 14 ] . Although coding for a putative protein with high sequence similarity to MoeB, moe Z was so named because it had no genetic linkage to other MPT-Mo synthesis genes.
Runx genes encode the sequence-specific DNA binding subunit of a heterodimeric transcription factor, the defining feature of which is the Runt domain, a highly conserved 128 amino acid sequence involved in DNA binding, heterodimerization, nucleotide binding, and nuclear localization [ 1 2 ] . The Runt domain is named after the first member of the family to be discovered, the regulatory gene runt from Drosophila melanogaster . Runx genes have also been discovered and functionally characterized in mammals, sea urchins and nematodes, and in general are involved in the transcriptional control of developmental processes [ 3 4 ] . In humans, mutations in each of the three Runx genes are associated with disease caused by defective control of cell proliferation and/or differentiation [ 4 5 ] . Most studies of Runx gene function and regulation have been carried out in mammals and in D. melanogaster , each of which has multiple Runx genes.
The newly identified Drosophila Runx gene sequences (CG1379 and CG15455) are present in a single sequence file (see Supplemental Table 1) and with opposite coding orientation and were named for this study RunxA (CG1379) and RunxB (CG15455).
Although originally named because of their ability to induce bone and cartilage formation [ 15 ] , BMPs are involved in many developmental processes, including cell proliferation and differentiation, apoptosis, and intercellular interactions during morphogenesis [ 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ] . Members of the bone morphogenetic protein family function in a gene dosage dependent manner during development and participate in ocular development [ 26 27 28 29 ] . Therefore, mutations that alter the level of BMPs or alter the degree of BMP signaling are candidates to contribute to Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome and other conditions involving anterior segment malformation, elevated IOP, and glaucoma.
Genetic screens have identified a large number of genes, named SNF (Sucrose Non-Fermenting) that are required for derepression of SUC2 transcription in the absence of glucose [ 16, 17, 18].
Biochemical and cell biological experiments indicate that Net1 acts as part of a complex named RENT that tethers Cdc14 to the nucleolus and inhibits Cdc14 phosphatase activity, and that CDC15 and TEM1 are required for the release of Cdc14 from Net1 at the end of mitosis [ 15 16 17 43 ] . Consistent with this notion, both net1 tab 2-1(which encodes a mutant version of Net1 with presumably reduced affinity for Cdc14) and CDC14 TAB 6-1(which encodes a mutant version of Cdc14 with reduced affinity for Tab2/Net1) bypass cdc15Δ [ 15 18 ] . Both net1 tab 2-1and CDC14 TAB 6-1impinge directly on mitotic exit, suggesting that other TAB genes may encode physiological regulators and effectors of the Mitotic Exit Network.
A long terminal repeat from a human endogenous retrovirus (HERV) was shown to drive the expression of an intergenic transcript from an unknown gene named HERV-HLTR associating 1 (HHLA1) and human otoconin-90 (OC90) to produce a transcript that is highly expressed in teratocarcinoma cells but not in normal human tissues or cell lines [ 33 ] . In the mouse, a Prion-like downstream gene named doppel (Dpl) was found to have an intergenic transcript that is upregulated in Prion-deficient mice [ 34 ] . The deletion of the Prion gene in these mice removes the splice acceptor site of exon 3, causing the normal Prion transcript to skip the deleted exon and inadvertently upregulate the normally low-abundance intergenic transcript by forcing it to splice more often to the doppel gene.
A long terminal repeat from a human endogenous retrovirus (HERV) was shown to drive the expression of an intergenic transcript from an unknown gene named HERV-HLTR associating 1 (HHLA1) and human otoconin-90 (OC90) to produce a transcript that is highly expressed in teratocarcinoma cells but not in normal human tissues or cell lines [ 33 ] . In the mouse, a Prion-like downstream gene named doppel (Dpl) was found to have an intergenic transcript that is upregulated in Prion-deficient mice [ 34 ] . The deletion of the Prion gene in these mice removes the splice acceptor site of exon 3, causing the normal Prion transcript to skip the deleted exon and inadvertently upregulate the normally low-abundance intergenic transcript by forcing it to splice more often to the doppel gene.
Several components of the yCCR4-associated complexes have already been identified in humans: two homologs of yPOP2 (named hCAF1 and hPOP2/hCALIF) [ 16 17 18 19 ] , and homologs of NOT proteins (named hNOT1, hNOT2, hNOT3, hNOT4) [ 19 ] . Moreover, interactions between these proteins were demonstrated [ 19 20 ] . Yet, at the present time there has been no report of a human protein that would be structurally and functionally close to yCCR4.
Several components of the yCCR4-associated complexes have already been identified in humans: two homologs of yPOP2 (named hCAF1 and hPOP2/hCALIF) [ 16 17 18 19 ] , and homologs of NOT proteins (named hNOT1, hNOT2, hNOT3, hNOT4) [ 19 ] . Moreover, interactions between these proteins were demonstrated [ 19 20 ] . Yet, at the present time there has been no report of a human protein that would be structurally and functionally close to yCCR4.
1C) designed from the predicted open reading frame, allowed us to provide the entire coding sequence of this gene (named d.nocturnin; assigned GenBank accession number AY043266; Table 1).
The second family, hereafter named the 3635 family, contains as yet unknown proteins from C. elegans, D. melanogaster and H. sapiens (Table 1).
The fourth family (hereafter named the CCR4 family) contains the formerly identified yeast CCR4 protein and as yet undefined human, murine, drosophila, caenorhabditis and arabidopsis proteins.
The human protein (named hCCR4) is putatively encoded by the KIAA1194 full-length cDNA ( [ 27 ] , accession number AB033020).
The cDNA encoding the murine protein (named mCCR4) was isolated by us using RT-PCR and primers derived from matching EST clones, and its open reading frame was entirely sequenced (assigned GenBank accession number AY043269; Table 1).
1C) demonstrated that the caenorhabditis and drosophila putative proteins (hereafter named ceCCR4 and dCCR4, with assigned GenBank accession numbers AY043268 and AY043267, respectively; Table 1) also possess, in their N-terminal region, a LRR motif related to that of the yCCR4 protein (Fig.
Two homologs of yPOP2 have been identified in mammals: the mouse/human CAF1 [ 11 16 17 33 ] and, more recently, the human homolog named hPOP2 or hCALIF [ 18 19 ] . Both mCAF1 [ 11 ] and hPOP2 [ 19 ] interact with yCCR4, and the yCCR4 LRR is essential for these interactions.
Construction of the deleted fusion protein in which four out the five hCCR4 leucine-rich repeats are removed (named pGal4-hCCR4(ΔLRR)) was performed in three steps.
The proteins were named BTBD1 and BTBD2 according to a recent analysis of their genomic sequences [ 21 ] . The clones of each contig differed in the amount of 5' sequence present: 11/15 and 15/19 of BTBD1 and BTBD2, respectively, had different 5' ends.
Transcripts, using HUGO (LocusLink) symbols of named loci are indicated below the scale line of build 29.
Depending on the print batch, the arrays contained from 42,772 to 43,915 spots (41,931-42,602 distinct clones representing 16,907-18,417 named genes, 3946-4145 ESTs with known functions and 19,369-21,384 ESTs with unknown functions), and were manufactured as previously described [ 31 32 33 ] . Following hybridization, the arrays were washed with 2X SSC with 0.05% SDS once for 2 min at room temperature, 1X SSC for 2 min at room temperature, 0.2X SSC three times for 1 min at 45-50°C.
We named this domain the CYTH ( Cy aB, th iamine triphosphatase) domain after the two experimentally characterized proteins in which it is present.
An offline version of the QuartOP web page is available as a compressed archive named supp_material.zip and as a self-extracting archive supp_material.exe for Microsoft Windows users.
This index.html file is located in the root directory named "offline_quartops".
The protein was named LeFPP for tomato filament-like plant protein.
The seven Arabidopsis ORFs were named AtFPP1 - AtFPP7 (Fig.
The history of the T locus began with the discovery in 1927 of a semi-dominant mutation in mice, named Brachyury , or T for tail, that affects both embryonic viability in homozygotes and tail development in heterozygotes [ 1 ] . This original T allele represents a deletion spanning 160-200 kb (reviewed in [ 2 ] ), the developmental effects of which have been well characterized [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] . Homozygous mutant embryos show a developmental failure of the notochord and posterior mesoderm, and die at midgestation.
This group includes a small number of named genes for which no function has yet been assigned but primarily contains the results of full-length cDNA sequencing projects or genes predicted by gene finding software.
The encoded proteins did not contain any recognizable functional motifs (figure 3) and were most similar to an uncharacterized human protein named B29 (figure 2).
An orthologous protein has recently been reported from rat and named sodium channel associated protein 1A (SCAP1A).
A comparison of the predicted human protein based on several partial human cDNAs and a mouse protein named oocyte-testis gene 1 (Otg1) is shown in figure 11.
Our studies revealed the existence of a new member of the kinesin superfamily of microtubule-based molecular motors, which we have named KIF27.
This protein, now named SMYD2, contains SET and MYND domains that are characteristic of proteins with chromatin remodeling capabilities.
Each clone was named according to its position in the original 96-well plate, for example, clone 1030 came from position 30 in plate 1. Vector sequences were first scanned in batch mode for the presence of vector-derived sequences using Contig Express and these sequences were trimmed before proceeding.
The presence of this hereby named TMC signature sequence motif CWETXVGQEly(K/R)LtvXD is our defining criterion for this novel TMC protein family (Figures 1, 2, additional file 2).
Because the middle domain of the SGCs is always associated with the HNOB domains (see below), we named it the HNOBA ( HNOB A ssociated) domain.
Btk was shown to be required for normal phosphorylation of a novel adapter protein, named BCAP, which couples BCR-activated PTKs to PI 3-kinase activation [ 17].
These sequences were named tentatively after ZAS-N or ZAS-C correspondingly, and a suffix, a number given in the order of plasmid DNA preparation.
These monoclonal antibodies were named as 3D 5 ABIR, 1D 11 ABIR, 2G 9 ABIR, 1F 7 ABIR, and 5D 6 ABIR.
First, PfPP5 contained the catalytic core found in all Ser/Thr phosphatases of the PPP family, including the signature motifs such as GDXHGQ, GDFVDRG, RGNHE, HGLL, and SAPNYCD, to name a few [ 22 23 ] . Site-directed mutagenesis and structural studies in PP 1 and PPλ have previously established the roles of specific amino acid residues in these domains in the various aspects of catalysis, such as metal ion binding, phosphate recognition, and co-ordination of water molecules [ 24 25 26 ] .
We have therefore, tentatively named this enzyme PfPP5.
These obstacles have been largely circumvented by the use of cloned viral cDNA that is then altered by standard DNA-based site-directed mutagenesis procedures [ 8 9 ] . Originally designed for influenza virus minigenomes [ 10 ] , such cDNA-based "reverse genetics" strategy has been adopted in a large number of NNR viruses, including vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV), respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), and measles, to name a few [ 11 12 13 14 ] . Recently, extension of this approach has resulted in the cloning of full-length viral cDNA capable of producing infectious recombinant virus particles upon transcription.
We have named this technique "HOOF-Prints" for Hypervariable Octameric Oligonucleotide Finger-Prints.
In addition, we show that two other evolutionarily conserved regions located close to the Ets site (provisionally named CD5X and CD5Y) play a role in CD5 expression.
A note about nomenclature: We name mutant homodimers by placing the numeral "2" in front of the amino acid substitution.
We name heterodimers by listing both substitutions, with the mutation in the 5'-monomer given first, for example V29A-Y85H, V29A-T91I, or V29A-WT, where WT refers to the wild-type sequence.
A transformant shown to contain the 1976 bp hnt2Δ::kanMX2 product in place of the wild-type 1200 bp HNT2 product was named strain BY16.
3seem to reflect those observed with ATF-BPTI and endostatin naming a 10-fold difference between Wag/Rij and Brown Norway rats.
Initial analysis of approximately 157,000 SAGE tags from PC12 cells cultured without or with NGF for 9 days revealed nearly 800 transcripts (of a total of at least 21,000) that are regulated by ± 6-fold or greater in response to NGF [ 11 ] . Of these, approximately 150 were assignable to named genes of known functions that regulate cellular behaviors ranging from actin and microtubule cytoskeleton assembly/disassembly, gene transcription, RNA processing, neurotransmission, and energetics.
We previously cloned a zebrafish BDNF transcript that appeared to contain two exons and thus suggested that the zebrafish and mammalian BDNF genes have similar organizations [ 4 ] . We recently cloned the zebrafish BDNF gene and identified the previously cloned 5' exon in the genomic clone [ 27 ] . The exon was named exon 1c.
The sequences were compared with the sequences of subclones of the genomic BDNF clone c241 which we had previously identified and partially sequenced [ 27 ] . Five of the ten sequenced 5' RACE clones contained the already known and previously cloned 5' exon [ 4 ] . This exon was named exon 1c because it contains a 39 nucleotide segment in which 37 nucleotides are identical with a segment in rat exon III, suggesting the two exons are orthologous (see table 1 and figure 2a) [ 25 ] .
The shorter more 5' exon was named exon 1b, and the more 3' exon exon 1b' (see figure 2).
This segment was named highly conserved sequence 2, or HCS2 (see table 1 - additional file 1).
The exon was named exon 1a.
The subclone was named Dex1aDS.
This construct was named AJ.
In this construct, which was named AJ/Pst, intron 1b, exon 1b' and most of intron 1c, totalling 3.6 KB, are eliminated.
This construct, which was named DOA5 was injected into sets of 150 and 250 embryos.
It is also known that the biological actions of NKA, NKB and SP are mediated by three receptors, named neurokinin (NK)-1, NK-2 and NK-3 [ 2 ] . Thus, the tachykinins have been implicated in several physiological actions such as salivation, the regulation of smooth muscle contraction, depolarization of central neurons, hyperactivity, interaction with dopaminergic A-10 neurons mediating behavioral activation, regulation of blood pressure, and the transmission of the baroreceptor reflex [ 3 4 5 6 7 ] . In addition, a loss of tachykinin-containing neurons has been described in neurodegenerative diseases [ 8 ] , suggesting that the decrease in the amount of tachykinins could be involved in these and other diseases [ 9 10 ] .
Vitamin A (retinol) is the prototype of a class of natural and synthetic chemical compounds named the retinoids.
A translational fusion between green fluorescent protein (GFP) and the Arabidopsis Constitutive Photomorphogenesis1 protein (COP1) has been established as a reporter for trans-silencing events in Arabidopsis [ 27 ] . A cauliflower mosaic virus 35S promoter driven GFP-COP1 locus, named C73, exemplifies an epigenetically active trans-silencer locus.
It is being replaced by the manufacturer company with equivalent equipment named the TOF-Watch series (written personal communication from Biometer International A/S, Odense, Denmark, 1999), unable to retain data and therefore require to be connected into a computer.
Named after Andreas Rett who first recognized the disorder in 1966 [ 2 ] , the syndrome is characterized by a constellation of clinical findings that have resulted in the establishment of clinical criteria for the diagnosis [ 3 ] . Common clinical features include early normal development until approximately 6-18 months of age followed by a period of developmental stagnation and subsequent regression, usually by 3 years of life.
[ 52 ] . AG126 belongs to a group of tyrosine kinase inhibitors named tyrphostins.
Of the original 192 G418-resistant clones that were harvested only one, named F3, was also resistant to 6-thioguanine and sensitive to growth in HAT medium (fig 3b).
We developed an ECG signal processing, analyzing, and database Web portal, which we named e-MOUSE™, accessible to the biotechnology community.
They used an apparatus named 'coincidence analyzer' which was able to determine the absolute time delay of the onset of inspiration precisely after the preceding R wave - see Footnote 1 - and which calculated the 'coupling rate' on the basis of the distribution of the detected time lags.
Additionally there are records of a specific ant that was given to dogs by Guyanese Amerindians in order to make them good hunters [ 21 ] . Amerindians also named their hunting dogs after ants and a wasp called "warribisi" that caught prey.
The predicted protein, named PPα, was 889 amino acid long, and contained a unique N-terminal extension of about 500 amino acids.
This method also named multiplexed bead assay is comprised of spectrally discrete particles, which can be used to quantitative soluble particles, in this case cytokines using a fluorescence based detection mechanism and flowcytometric analysis.
CMV = cytomegalovirus; EIA = enzyme immunoassay; gB = glycoprotein B; OD = optical density; RNP = ribonucleoprotein; Sm = ribonucleoproteins recognized by antibodies from a patient named Smith; U1-70 kD = component of the U1 ribonucleoproteins.
We have shown that α-actinin is abundant in the bone marrow stroma matrix, presumably at focal adhesion sites [ 5 ] . We have also reported that a 31 kDa amino-terminal α-actinin fragment, which we have named mactinin, is generated by the degradation of extracellular α-actinin by monocyte-secreted urokinase [ 6 ] . Furthermore, we have demonstrated that mactinin is present in inflammation caused by Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia, by examining bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from mice with infection [ 6 ] . It was not present in mice not challenged with P. carinii , suggesting that inflammaton is necessary for mactinin formation.
In this study, we report a novel mechanism of cell growth inhibition by the second generation of HPCs, named SAHA, which is 2000-fold more potent than HMBA and bears at least one hydroxamide in place of the amides in HMBA [ 17].
Vertebrate HB genes are divided into two classes: Class I genes (HOX genes) are organized into four clusters (HOX A, B, C, D) with a total of 39 members [ 8 ] . Members of Class II are also called divergent genes, including genes such as PAX, MSX, IRX, and DLX, named after their homologs in Drosophila (paired, muscle segment, Iroquois, and distal-less, respectively) [ 9 10 ] . Accumulating evidence suggests that homeobox genes are important in malignant transformation.
Extensive evidence indicates that both FGF-1 and FGF-2 are potent angiogenic factors, providing support for their use as stimuli for therapeutic angiogenesis in vivo . It is also important to note that many cell types express one of the four FGF receptors, and that FGF has been shown to have biological effects in a number of cell systems including induction of neurite outgrowth, suppression of skeletal muscle differentiation, induction of bone formation and neuroprotection, to name just a few.
VEGF-A also increases vascular permeability, with an effect 10,000 times more potent than that of the vasoactive substance histamine; VEGF-A was originally purified based on this property, and was named vascular permeability factor [ 3].
The isoforms are named by the number of amino acids that comprise the proteins; the human isoforms include VEGF121, VEGF145, VEGF165, VEGF189, and VEGF206.
Furthermore, MJ1477 and its orthologs do not have the accessory domains found in all known CysRS, namely the DALR domain (named after a distinct amino-acid signature), which is shared by aaRSs of several specificities, and another domain specific to CysRS [ 19].
oleovorans protein also named AlkB.
We named the gene with the HUGO-approved symbol
All named expressed genes were added to the mouse testis transcriptome gene list.
The classes have been named according to the order in which each class was first discovered except for myosins I and II.
Phylogenetic analysis using these myosins indicated that the ATM myosins were a unique class and they were named class VIII.
This site has been named the TEDS rule site on the basis of these amino acids [ 8].
Therefore, it should usually be feasible to name a protein family (or superfamily) at a hierarchical level that encompasses all substrate specificities of its member proteins.
Multidomain proteins whose domains have separable counterparts elsewhere must be appropriately named to facilitate comparisons (see Table 2).
In Bacillus subtilis the gene, appropriately enough, has been named aroA, but in Escherichia coli the equivalent function is represented by genes encoding three differentially regulated paralogs.
These E. coli genes have been named aroF, aroG and aroH.
The status of nomenclature for the tryptophan pathway is not so chaotic as the genes in almost all prokaryotes have been named in line with E. coli, but even here distinct problems have arisen because gene fusions that exist in E. coli are often absent elsewhere.
The nomenclature we advocate is more easily remembered because genes are named in the order of pathway reaction.
Subunits for a given reaction are named at the same hierarchical level: anthranilate synthase (first reaction) consists of TrpAa and TrpAb, and tryptophan synthase (fifth reaction) consists of TrpEa and TrpEb.
However, in every case where we use the Osr acronym in this paper to refer to a previously named family, we also include any pre-existing name(s) for the family (for example, Osr15/Tos12, Osr26/Rire2 ).
Although Osr30 is the largest family of LTR retroelements in the genome, it has not been previously named.
We named it the PRC-barrel after the photosynthetic reaction center subunit H, in which it was first observed.
A script, named Mouse Gene Selection NCBI (MGS_NCBI), was written in JAVA and used to parse BLAST results from NCBI.
There are three major infrastructure components of the pipeline: the database, the Perl module (named Pipeline), and sufficient computational power, allocated by a job-management system.
As alternatively spliced transcripts are added to a gene model, they are sequentially named and numbered to associate them with that annotation.
The major change that had to be made to the FlyBase controlled vocabulary to support this project was to name the developmental intermediates that arise during embryogenesis, that is anlagen, primordia, and anlagen in statu nascendi.
Accordingly, this domain was named the KilA-N (terminal) domain (Table 2).
Transgenic lines are named as the construct, followed by the chromosome of insertion in parentheses, followed by a unique line designation.
As this conserved domain is present in at least three distinct classes of proteins related to Golgi dynamics (animal Sec14 proteins, the p24 family and GCP60-like proteins), we name this conserved region the GOLD domain.
Of the named genes, many have not been previously recognized as responsive to androgen.
We named this domain the SWIRM domain after the proteins SWI3p, Rsc8p and Moira in which it was first recognized.
A dendrogram (Figure 1) that summarizes the results seen in the phenogram (see Additional data files) was constructed by collapsing branches that were relatively well separated from the rest of the tree, and naming the collapsed branch, guided by previously proposed subfamily nomenclature [ 9, 10, 11].
In an attempt to provide greater resolution of clusters evident in the phenogram, some of the larger subfamilies were split into sets of smaller individually named branches.
The overall accuracy of the phenogram is suggested by the clustering of similarly named proteins, the relatively good agreement with previously published categorization schemes [ 9, 10, 11], and the high level of congruence with the previously published tree of human tyrosine kinases [ 40].
This method for estimating the novelty within the collection ignores the occasional unnamed family member whose GenBank annotation suggests probable membership in the EPK family, and the exceptional named family member (RNasel) whose GenBank annotation overlooks similarity to the EPK family.
EPK family members which have been previously named as EPKs, categorized into an EPK subfamily, or whose description clearly suggests they are EPK family members were assigned a status of 1. EPKs whose names or description suggest that the annotator recognized the existence of the protein without giving a clear indication of its similarity to EPKs beyond a similarity score calculated by automated annotation processes were assigned a status of 2. EPKs whose GenBank annotation did not clearly delineate the encoded protein or its potential function were assigned a status of 3. The tableis presented in comma separated values (csv) format, and is best viewed with a spreadsheet program such as Microsoft Excel.
Thus, the model contains OntologyEntries, whose roles are named to fit their purpose; for example, BioSequences has an OntologyEntry named 'species', which should be used to refer to an entry in the NCBI taxonomy database.
A few simple rules were used to translate MAGE-OM into the DTD named MAGE-ML.
Each of the APIs use similarly named methods and classes to provide access to their objects.
The pathway of tryptophan biosynthesis consists of five steps, and we have used the convention [ 30] of naming the genes in the order of the steps, trpA, trpB, trpC, trpD and trpE.
The α and β subunits of trpA are named trpAa and trpAb, and the α and β subunits of trpE are named trpEa and trpEb.
The α and β subunits of trpA are named trpAa and trpAb, and the α and β subunits of trpE are named trpEa and trpEb.
We then constructed an overall CSE set, which includes all CSEs found from both MGSCv3 and Cel2 (named as aCSE) and its human primary set (named as aCSE-hp).
We then constructed an overall CSE set, which includes all CSEs found from both MGSCv3 and Cel2 (named as aCSE) and its human primary set (named as aCSE-hp).
The 50 most highly induced named genes are shown in Figure 3. Twenty percent of these genes are either involved in NFκB signal transduction or directly activated by NFκB.
Of the 50 named genes most highly induced in all infections, 40% are either involved in NFκB signaling, or are responsive to NFκB activation.
These transcripts were not detected in the absence of DOX in the adult males and this putative gene was named Red herring ( Rdh ). Northern analysis using a probe from encore exon 3 indicated that levels of the normal sized encore transcript were not detectably altered by DOX, as indicated by the arrowhead (Figure 3a).
Line PdL(3)2C33 contains an insert at the 5' end of a gene with homology to a maltose permease from Bacillus stearothermophilus [ 37], which was named Sugar baby (Figure 3c).
ASW mRNA is interesting because sex-specific splicing of doublesex mRNA in Drosophila , a sex-determining gene for which the mammalian DMRT genes were named, is mediated in part by ASF/SF2 [ 38].
The cDNA library (named Bird_Rao_ Meloidogyne_incognita _J2) was constructed using the Zap Express cDNA Synthesis Kit and Gigapack III Gold Cloning Kit, 200403 (Stratagene, Cedar Creek, TX).
Clones are named for their 96-well plate identity and position during processing (for instance ra40e04.y1).
The traditional view is that arthropods are more closely related to annelids than to nematodes, but some recent molecular phylogenies place nematodes and arthropods together in a high-level taxon named Ecdysozoa, which does not include annelids [ 24 25 ] . Other molecular studies give conflicting results [ 26 27 ] . Regardless of the evolutionary relationship between Nematoda and Arthropoda, C. elegans and Drosophila remain useful and valid models for our analyses, and the relationships shown in Figure 1are consistent with both hypotheses.
Meloidogyne sequences from NCBI dbEST ( M. incognita , M. javanica and M. hapla sequences, named NMi, NMj, and NMh respectively) were translated in six frames and individually compared to conceptual six-phase translations of the C. elegans and Drosophila genomes as well as all available bacterial sequences.
The starting point for our studies was a reference set of 24 Drosophila pre-miRNA sequences ( let-7 , the 21 originally identified by Lagos-Quintana and colleagues, mir-125 , and a previously undescribed paralog of mir-2 that we named mir-2c [ 9 10 29 ] ). We analyzed this set to derive rules and determine parameters that specifically describe known miRNA genes within anonymous genomic sequence.
Interestingly, phages have been shown to carry ORFs named 'morons' (because they add more DNA to the phage genome), which often have unknown functions, but are thought to occasionally confer benefit to the host when the prophage is integrated in its genome [ 22 ] . These genes undergo high mutation and nonhomologous recombination rates, and often display high A+T-content, even in comparison to the phage itself [ 22 23 ] . Most LTGs fit this description and may therefore have been introduced into the genome by phages.
A number of public efforts are currently focusing on the annotation and curation of gene-specific functional data, including LocusLink, Protein Information Resource (PIR), GeneCards, Proteome, Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG), Ensembl, and Swiss-Prot to name but a few [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] . These resources provide exceptional depth and coverage of the functional data available for a given gene, but are not designed to effectively explore the biological knowledge associated with hundreds or thousands of genes in parallel.
It concluded the section specified four categories of prohibited activities, of which "three appear[ed] to prohibit the type of activity named regardless of viewpoint, while one might be read to prohibit the activity only when it seeks reform."
LSC also launched companion initiatives-the quality initiative, the diversity initiative, technology initiative grants, to name just a few -that worked hand-in-glove with state planning to promote the development of high-quality delivery systems.
Although the named client is usually an adult, most LSC cases also involve and benefit children.
Establishment of a new public interest fellowship program named in honor of Judge Coffin, supported with funding by the twelve largest law firms in Portland.
often refer to these initiatives as state planning's companion initiatives, and these initiatives - competition, the quality initiative, the diversity initiative, technology initiative grants, the matters initiative, our efforts to enhance services for self-represented litigants, the Legal Resource Library, to name just a few - have become as important to the creation of a world-class delivery system as state planning has proved itself to be.
The Clean Air Act recognizes visibility as an important public good in naming visibility as one of the aspects of public welfare to be protected in setting secondary NAAQS.
OMB, NIST, and agency responsibilities regarding information security were recently reemphasized in the Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996, formerly named the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996.
The act requires that auditors for each of the 24 departments and agencies named in the CFO Act report, as part of their annual audits of the agencies« financial statements, whether the agencies« financial management systems comply substantially with federal financial management systems requirements, applicable federal accounting standards, and SGL at the transaction level.
6Although this view is named after the 19th century economist David Ricardo who first explored the possible relationship, the seminal work on this theory is Robert Barro, "Are Government Bonds Net Wealth?"
The oddly named education IRA is not a retirement arrangement.
In addition to those named above, the following individuals made important contributions to this report: Cheryl Driscoll, Valerie A. Freeman, Sharon Loftin, Elizabeth Martinez, Mary Merrill, Debra Sebastian, Ruth Sessions, Brooke Whittaker, and Maria Zacharias.
For example, if a data field is named "annual evaluation score," is this an appropriate measure of a person's job performance?
3The Trueblood Committee (named after the chairman), a group formed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) to study the objectives of financial reporting, recommended financial statements that set forth the objectives of financial accounting and reporting and provided a conceptual framework for deliberations about accounting matters.
4The Jenkins Committee (named after the chairman), a group formed by the AICPA in 1991 to address concerns over the relevance and usefulness of financial reporting, recommended in its 1994 report that standard setters develop a comprehensive reporting model that includes both financial information (financial statements and related disclosures) and nonfinancial information (such as high-level operating data and performance measures used by management, management's analysis of changes in financial and nonfinancial data, and forward-looking information about opportunities, risks, and management's plans).
It is named for Robert W. Carey, who, as the Director of VA's Philadelphia Regional Office, was a "Quality Leader" and champion of excellence in the federal government.
OMB, NIST, and agency responsibilities regarding information security were recently reemphasized in the Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996, formerly named the Information Technology Management Reform Act of 1996.
In 1995, the New York Electronic Crimes Task Force was formed by the United States Secret Service to investigate electronic crimes associated with computer-generated counterfeit currency, counterfeit checks, credit card fraud, telecommunications fraud, and access device fraud, to name a few.
ERISA protects a plan's named fiduciary from liability for the individual decisions of an "investment manager" appointed by the fiduciary to manage the plan's assets. "
Recent accountability breakdowns in the private sector have come in a variety of forms and bear many names, including Enron, WorldCom, Qwest, Tyco, Adelphia, Global Crossing, Waste Management, Micro Strategy, Superior Federal Savings Bank and Xerox, just to name a few.
In the first 4 years, asked: "How does your program announcements were mailed to the inform the eligible colleges of the individual named as president in the opportunity to apply for grants?"
After being named chair of the State Bar's Commission on Access to Justice in 1997, Zelon worked with the state Judicial Council, the governor's office and members of the Legislature to establish a $10-million-a-year legal-access fund for programs that deliver free legal services.
Two years ago, Zelon received the Laurie D. Zelon Pro Bono Award, which had been named for her one year earlier by the Law Firm Pro Bono Project, which she'd helped found.
"I didn't find out until I was standing in the great hall of the Supreme Court, surrounded by 300 people who were there, that the award had been named for me and was thereafter going to be given in my name.
President Bush is expected to name new board members soon, and Barr said he would like to have an effect on those appointments.
The new 68-county legal aid organization has yet to be named and stretches from El Paso to Corpus Christi, Harlingen to Austin.
Immediately following the site greedyassociates.com appeared the antithetically named site generousassociates.com.
The award was named after the chief justice of the Indiana Supreme Court to honor his statewide vision on justice.
In being named the original chairman of the Indiana Pro Bono Commission three years ago, he led the 21-member board to create a structure that would embrace Shepard's pro bono ideals from beginning.
Perhaps the most glowing comments on Bailey's philanthropy came from the man after whom the award was named.
When it comes to nationally ranked institutions in Maryland, several come to mind: the Terps, the Johns Hopkins University and the Baltimore Symphony, just to name a few.
Examples of this bread-and-butter work include highly contentious custody disputes, cases involving sub-standard housing and loss of shelter, and the loss of disability and other health benefits, to name a few.
None of the state's other legal services programs opposes the reconfiguration, adds Miller, who is a named defendant in the suit.
The building will be named the Cruz Reynoso Justice Center.
It will be the first building anywhere to be named after the first Latino to serve on the California Supreme Court.
"It's a great honor to have a building dedicated to justice and to the service of the community . . . named after me," said Reynoso, who is now a UC Davis Law School professor. "
Also named is Dominium Management Services Inc., property manager of the two apartment complexes.
The Justice Department said the firm was named as a party because its services may be required to implement a remedy.
Locker, supervising attorney for the Kathryn A. McDonald Education Advocacy Project, named for the late administrator of the New York City Family Courts.
"Everything just fell into place, and I thought, 'I've got to seize the opportunity and run with it,' " said Ginsburg, who names former President Jimmy Carter as a role model.
In the early 1990s, a Mixtec worker named Santiago Ventura Morales spent four years in an Oregon prison before his murder conviction was overturned.
Several years later, a migrant worker named Adolfo Ruiz-Alvarez was released from a state mental hospital after two years of psychiatric evaluations and drug treatments.
The award is named for Supreme Court Justice O'Connor.
A specific subunit of the PKS, named the chain length factor (CLF), was deduced to have a major influence on carbon chain length (McDaniel et al.
) appeal to me for their names alone (and yes, I do have a brother named Hans), but when their free weights are so heavy that their arms get torn off, I am baffled.
Most of the axis, including the nervous system, was derived from the host, whose cells were induced to form an axis by the graft, therefore named the organizer.
An exciting recent study shows that exposure of the epiblast (ectoderm) to FGF induces, after a time delay, a transcription factor named Churchill.
The authors identify a region in the dorsal ectoderm of the blastula that they name the “blastula Chordin- and Nogginexpressing” (or BCNE) region (Figure 2).
The notochord is an embryonic structure that forms the primitive axial skeleton of the developing embryo, and because mutations affecting notochord development result in shortened embryos, seven of the affected genes have been named after the dwarves in Snow White—zebrafish, like some other developmental models, have many imaginatively named mutants.
‘They can be circular, oval, stick-shaped, you name it, and range from several micrometres large to about a millimetre’, says ecologist Mary Ann Tiffany (San Diego State University, California, United States), who is using scanning electron microscopy to examine diatom valve formation as part of her graduate studies.
Named after their discoverer, these “Lewy bodies” are one piece of evidence that protein aggregation is related to the ongoing disease process.
Available text mining solutions are concerned with named entity (NE) recognition (entities are, for example, proteins, species, and cell lines), with identification of relationships between NEs (such as protein interactions), and with the classification of text subphrases according to annotation schemata in general (thyroid receptor is a thyroid hormone receptor) [9,10,11,12,13,14,15].
According to one industry insider familiar with the case, who did not want to be named, ‘it depended if he remembered to say it, and whether he was asked’.
These limitations are evident in one of the largest randomized controlled trials of cognitive training with older adults, a large, multisite study named ACTIVE (Advanced Cognitive Training for Independent and Vital Elderly) [10].
Caesar drew Gaul’s northeastern frontier at the Rhine, taking in present-day Belgium, and warned that the Ger­man­ic tribes across the river — the Franks (after whom France is named), Alamans, and Saxons — would always threaten the security of the frontier.
Then he stopped at Marie-Galante, which he named after one of his vessels, before crossing over to the large neighboring island.
Sailing north to find and claim islands for the Spanish crown, Columbus named one Saint-Barthélemy after his brother and another Saint-Martin, probably after the saint on whose feast day he had spotted it.
The end also became inevitable for the slave system upon which the sugar industry was based: the example of Santo Domingo’s slave revolt, which led to the independence of a new republic named Haiti, was electrifying, causing an entirely new attitude to the whole problem of the slave trade.
Martinique has a town named after him.
He did, however, leave a son named Akbar.
Legend claims that the city of Byzantium was founded around 660 b.c. by a Greek named Byzas, after the Delphic Oracle had bidden him to build his city “opposite the Land of the Blind. ”
The people were at first cool to the war, despite the jingoism of flashy aristocratic aesthete and author Gabriele D’Annunzio and his friend, an ex-socialist newspaperman named Benito Mussolini.
•1871Rome named capital of unified Italy
British forces suffered constant harassment at their hands and even named a part of the island “The Land of Look Behind” in recognition of the surprise attacks they suffered.
The momentum for change was growing, and in 1831 a black lay preacher named “Daddy” Sam Sharpe led a revolt of 20,000 slaves at Montego Bay.
A massive fortress was built overlooking the Temple Mount, which Herod named “Antonia” in honor of his Roman friend and benefactor, Mark Antony.
It was a Welsh Celtic tribe that named the northern stretches of this territory “Cumbria” (the area was officially known as Cumberland until 1974).
His determination had other results as well: Gass was named a justice of the peace and a territorial legislator.
Little wonder he subsequently named it Porto Santo (Holy Port).
They officially became the first men to set foot on the heavily forested island, naming it Ilha da Madeira, “Island of Timber. ”
Albuquerque built a fortress, which he named A Famosa (“The Famous”), and St. Paul’s church on the site of the sultan’s palace.
By 1801, the population was over 10,000, most of them in the island capital, which was named Georgetown.
Having conquered the islands, they named them Balearis Major (Mallorca) and Balearis Minor (Menorca).
Franco named as his successor the grandson of Alfonso XIII, who was enthroned as King Juan Carlos I when the dictator died in 1975.
Each has a préfet named in Paris, and sends three deputies and two senators more than 6,400 km (4,000 miles) to sit in the national legislature.
They all took the surname Singh, meaning “Lion” (all Sikhs are named Singh, but not all Singhs are Sikhs), and wore a turban and kept the five K’s: kesha (uncut hair and beard), kanga (comb for their hair), kara (steel bracelet), kachha (soldier’s shorts), and kirpan (dagger).
The thirteen regional parishes and numerous towns were originally named after British settlements.
You can find Manchester, Sheffield, and Cambridge in Jamaica, to name but three.
“ Madrid de los As­tu­rias” is named for the Hapsburgs instrumental in the city’s rapid growth during the 1600s.
Oliver St. John Gogarty (Fleet Street), named for the man-of-letters who was the model for a character in Ulysses, has good traditional and other music and a dining room.
It’s named after the iron pan in which the saffron rice is cooked.
Ask anyone to name a typically Turkish dish and the likely answer you’ll get is kebap — the well-known grilled, broiled, or roasted meat.
Originally named Villa Manteca by the Spanish (“Fat City,” because they used to butcher wild pigs in the area), Montego Bay developed into a center for sugar cane and became a banana port under colonial rule.
It is still as popular as ever and the sand is sublime, but the cave after which the beach was originally named was destroyed in the early 1930s during a hurricane.
Set high on a hill above the coast with commanding views, it was built by John Palmer in the late 18th century and named after his wife Rose.
Runaway Bay is the appropriately named area of coastline where slaves were said to have escaped the island to try to find a better life; often they traveled the 145 km (90 miles) to Cuba.
It is thought that the town was named following an English mistranslation of the Spanish phrase las chorreros, meaning “river rapids,” as there are a number of these near the town.
Although Bond was noted for his bravery and prowess, he was in fact named after a man of very different talents: Fleming took the name of his “007” hero from the author of the book Birds of the West Indies, which had been researched and written a few years earlier.
The Morant Bay rebellion of 1865 was led by Paul Bogle and supported by George William Gordon (after whom Gordon House, the Jamaican seat of Government, is named).
Nearby Gordon House, built in 1960, is the home to today’s legislators; it was named after George William Gordon, leader of the Morant Bay rebellion, who became a member of the Jamaica Assembly and spoke out for the rights of the poor and oppressed.
The town was laid out in 1816 and named for Lord Mandeville, the eldest son of the Duke of Manchester, after whom Manchester Parish was named.
The town was laid out in 1816 and named for Lord Mandeville, the eldest son of the Duke of Manchester, after whom Manchester Parish was named.
Wayne Newton: Las Vegas’s copnsummate entertainer, Wayne Newton croons to audiences six nights a week in an elaborate new theater named for “Mr.
Of the numerous others that do not, the best bet is the tastefully decorated but oddly named Spearmint Rhino, 3340 S. Highland Drive; Tel. (702) 796-3600.
You name it — L.A.’s got it.
The house was built in 1710 for an 18th-century property speculator, one Joshua Dawson, for whom the street was named.
The area known as the Liberties was so named because it was situated outside the medieval city walls and was run by local courts, free of city regulations on trade.
The road was named after Baggotrath Castle, which stood here until the early 19th century.
Named after the city gentleman and infamous burglar, it is one of the best-known pubs in the city.
West Bow (said to be so named because it was within a bow’s length of the castle walls) and Candlemakers Row are streets leading away from Cowgate Head, at the end of Grassmarket.
At the same time, an architect named Robert Adam became popular in the fashionable circles of the well-to-do, having made a name for himself in England.
The western end of George Street begins at Charlotte Square, originally named St. George’s Square after the patron saint of England (mirroring St. Andrew’s Square at the street’s eastern end, which was named for the patron saint of Scotland).
The western end of George Street begins at Charlotte Square, originally named St. George’s Square after the patron saint of England (mirroring St. Andrew’s Square at the street’s eastern end, which was named for the patron saint of Scotland).
After all, her husband and two sons had roads named after them: George Street and Princes Street.
Here you’ll find the ruined Abbey of St. Colm, founded in the 12th century and named for St. Columba, who had brought Christianity to western Scotland 600 years earlier.
It would be impossible to name every place of interest in a guide of this size, so we aim to give you a representative overview of the country rather than an encyclopedic listing of “must-see” sites.
Stones from the demolished Bastille prison were used for its support structure — galling for Royalists, since it had originally been named Pont Louis XVI.
Cross the Rue de Rivoli to the Palais-Royal, built for Car­di­nal Richelieu as his Paris residence in 1639, and originally named Palais-Cardinal.
According to legend, it was originally named Mons Martyrum — where, after being decapitated, the town’s first bishop, Saint Denis, picked up his head and walked away.
Scholars say it was really named Mons Mercurii, and was the site of a pagan Roman temple.
Take the métro to Rambuteau and start at the corner of the Rue des Archives and Rue des Francs-Bourgeois, named after the poor people who were al­lowed to live here tax-free during the 14th century.
The sinister prison of the Conciergerie — named after the royally appointed concierge in charge of common-law criminals — welcomed Marie-Antoinette, Robespierre, Madame du Barry, Danton, and 2,500 others into its “antechamber of the guillotine. ”
While other quarters are known for their palaces and churches, Montparnasse (named after a 17th-century gravel mound since removed) has cafés and bars for its landmarks, most of them along the Boulevard du Montparnasse: the Closerie des Lilas; the Select, a Henry Miller hang-out; the Coupole, favorite of Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir; the Dôme; and the Rotonde.
In the rooms of the Grands Appartements, named after the gods and goddesses whom Louis felt to be his appropriate companions, the king entertained his courtiers.
On what was once a Celtic burial ground (originally named Mont-Tombe), the bishop of the nearby town of Avranches began by building an oratory in the eighth century — at the prompting, he claimed, of the Archangel Michael.
In La Turbie, climb up to the remains of a curious 2,000-year-old Roman monument — the towering Trophée des Alpes, erected by Emperor Augustus to commemorate victories over the 44 Gallic tribes named in the inscription on the base.
Béziers is a busy but compact city, with a delightful shady central promenade — lined with cafés and restaurants — called the Allées Paul Riquet, named for the engineer of the Canal du Midi.
Columbus named it after his favorite Spanish monastery, Our Lady of Guadaloupe, in Estremadura.
Guadeloupe’s two component islands are notably dissimilar and confusingly named.
When this city was only a tiny fishing village three centuries ago, a Dutchman named Pieter is said to have been the most popular fish peddler at a jetty on the waterfront.
The village was named after the wife of King Louis XIII, Queen Anne of Austria.
Otherwise, you drive north through Pointe-Noire (named for its black volcanic hillsides) and Deshaies, an unexceptional town on a very beautiful bay.
The village is Sainte-Marie, named by the explorer when he landed on 4 November 1493, attracted by the waterfalls and river he could see flowing down the green inland mountains.
On the Cabrit islet across the way you’ll see a 19th-century fort named, inevitably, after the Empress Josephine.
Marie-Galante, large and round and noted for the rum from its extensive sugarcane fields, was named by Columbus after the ship that brought him across the Atlantic on his second voyage.
When Columbus discovered the island late in his career, he called it “the best, the most fertile, the sweetest, the most charming country in the world” and named it Matinino, probably after Saint Martin (or, some say, as an approximation of Madinina), a name which the French later adapted to Martinique.
Napoleon named it Fort-de-France and that name was taken over for the town.
Named after the abolitionist, Schoelcher is proud of its reconstructed Benedictine monastery.
The village is named after the three small islands it overlooks in a corner of Fort-de-France’s huge bay.
The area is named after the large salt pond you’ll see.
Columbus named the island after St. Martin on that saint’s feast day in 1493, or did he?
The Swedes named it after King Gustav III and, in 1785, declared it the free port that it remains today.
They have prominent red protuberances and may have been named after the British redcoats.
Originally named many centuries ago because its islands formed a circle or cyclos around the island of Delos — one of the most important sites in the ancient world — the Cyclades was first composed of a dozen islands.
The House of Cleopatra is also worthy of note, named for the lady of the house who left behind headless statues of herself and her husband, Dioskourides.
The main port, Kamares, lies 5 km (3 miles) from the capital Apollonia, and its sister town Artemon (both named for the brother and sister god and goddess of ancient Greek mythology).
Just past the temple is the aptly named Ladder Street.
•You may want to visit some of the other inland hamlets — Santa Inés, Sant Joan, and Sant Carles, to name just three.
Those nostalgic for the British Empire please note: Clive Road has been named Tyagraja, Queen Victoria Road has become Rajendra Prasad, and Curzon is Kasturba Gandhi.
You can get a whiff of the old romance by taking tea in the Sea Lounge and enjoying the harbor view — recall the dizzy ingénue in the bar who thought that the mausoleum at Agra was named after the hotel.
Known as Gharapuri, Sacred City of the Kings, the island was named Elephanta by Portuguese sailors.
It is the proper home for the country’s best museum, which is simply and aptly named “the Indian Museum. ”
The Ochterlony Monument — originally named after an obscure British warrior — is one of many Calcutta landmarks which has not exactly taken on its new name (Shahid Minar).
The temple has been dedicated to Vishnu in his various aspects: as Janardana the Punisher, shown as a rigid, solemn-looking statue on the north vimana; as Kesava the Radiant, after whom the temple is named but whose statue is missing from the central shrine; and as Venugopala, the Krishna on the south shrine, with another Krishna as cowherd listening at his feet.
Originally the town was known as Mamallapuram, named after King Narasimha Mamalla (630–668), “the great wrestler,” in whose reign its many extraordinary temples and shrines were begun.
Just south of the New City and immediately west of the Old City is the exclusive residential suburb of Yemin Moshe, named after Sir Moses Montefiore (1784–1885), a famous Anglo-Jewish philanthropist.
Herzliya, which was named after Theodore Herzl, the founder of modern Zionism, is Israel’s most upmarket resort, with superb beaches and high prices, but nothing of historical or sightseeing interest.
Having curative hot springs, it was founded as a spa in a.d. 18, and named after the Roman Emperor, Tiberius.
Like most of the structures here, the 40-metre- (120-foot-) high Treasury (named after legends of lost treasure) was hewn from the red sandstone valley sides.
A path winds up to the Pierre Loti Café, named in honour of the 19th-century French writer who once lived in the neighbourhood, and who wrote a number of romantic novels about life in Istanbul.
It was founded in the third century b.c. by King Prusias of Bithynia, and named Prusa in his honour.
The Anzacs (Australia and New Zealand Army Corps) saw some of the worst fighting and suffered the heaviest casualties; the beach where they landed has been named Anzac Cove (Anzak Köyü) in their honour.
Named after a palace used as the Spanish Embassy, the famous steps and the Piazza di Spagna are the heart of the city’s most fashionable and exclusive shopping enclave, leading to the Via del Corso.
Named after the hill on which it stands and which in the Middle Ages was surrounded by a malarial swamp, the Vatican has been a papal residence for over 600 years, but a sovereign state independent of Italy only since the Lateran Treaty signed by Mussolini in 1929.
Also in the Loggia, the spiralling Rape of the Sabines of Giambologna (actually a Flemish artist named Jean de Boulogne) is another piece of dazzling virtuosity, donated by the Medici.
Start out from the center, the heart of medieval Florence, on the street named after the drapers’ guild, the Via Calimala.
The 26 richly-decorated salons (just a fraction of the Medici residence) are named after the themes of their 17th-century frescoes — Venus, Hercules, Prometheus, etc.
The most important are clustered around three adjoining squares: the triangular Piazza della Cisterna named after the city’s 13th-century travertine well, surrounded by elegant palaces; the Piazza del Duomo, grouping church and town hall as the center of civic and religious power; and the Piazza delle Erbe ­market place with twin Salvucci towers.
The Sala del Mappamondo (named after a lost map of the Sienese world painted by Ambrogio Lorenzetti to trace the city’s international banking interests) has two great frescoes by the Siena-born master Simone Martini.
In the inner courtyard the Scala dei Giganti staircase is so named for Sansovino’s giant statues of Neptune and Mars.
The waterfront Riva degli Schiavoni (Quay of the Slavs) begins at the Ducal Palace, named after the Dalmatian merchants who unloaded their goods here.
The ancient commercial heart of the city, named after the ninth-century settlement on Rivo Alto (high bank), the Rialto bridge is one of three that crosses the Grand Canal.
One of the city’s more bizarre monuments is the Mole Antonelliana, with its swordfish-like 167-m- (547-ft-) high granite spire, named after its engineer designer Alessandro Antonelli.
Much of Naples’ middle class looks out over the city from the hilltop Vomero neighborhood in geometrically laid out, treeshaded streets respectably named after artists and musicians of the Renaissance and Baroque periods: Michelangelo, Giordano, Scarlatti, and Cimarosa.
At the southern end of Cardine V, the patrician House of the Stags (Casa dei Cervi) is named after its frescoes of two stags being attacked by hounds.
Tokyo’s best-known district is named after a silver mint originally located here.
Nor should you neglect the National Museum of Western Art, on the east side of Ueno Park: an outstanding collection of French Impressionist paintings, prints, and drawings, the gift of a wealthy businessman named Kojiro Matsukata.
In 1701 a young provincial baron named Asano Takumi no Kami, morally insulted by a court official named Kira, attacked and wounded his tormentor.
In 1701 a young provincial baron named Asano Takumi no Kami, morally insulted by a court official named Kira, attacked and wounded his tormentor.
The most impressive of these, at the top of the stairs, is the Yashamon (“She-Demon Gate”), so named for the figures in its four alcoves.
The great gate at the main entrance was built in 1628 and became notorious as the site where a robber named Goemon Ishikawa was boiled alive in an iron cauldron while holding his son aloft to save him from the same fate.
Highlights include an Indian-style Shaka triad; the Yumechigae (“Dream Changing”) Kannon, said to transform its worshippers’ nightmares into pleasant dreams; and the Kudara Kannon, a graceful, willowy statue named after a region in Korea, whose designer and creator was almost certainly Korean.
On one side of Midosuji is America-mura, the favorite posing ground for Osaka’s desperately trendy youth, so named for the large number of stores selling much-sought-after secondhand apparel imported from the US.
These include a hot waterfall at the Shibaseki spring, hot sand at Takegawara, hot mud at Kannawa, and picturesque outdoor baths in hot ponds among the rocks of the aptly named Hotta Hot Springs.
This site is likely to have been near the fortress entrance, or somewhat past the arch, which was built in a.d. 135 and now named “Ecce Homo Arch. ”
At the intersection of the Nablus Road and Saladin Street is the American Colony, named after the late-19th-century benefactors who started a suburb here as modern Jerusalem expanded beyond the ancient city walls.
Mount Herzl is named after Theodore Herzl, the Viennese journalist and founder of modern Zionism whose vision aided the eventual establishment of the State of Israel (see page 21).
Ein Kerem is named after a spring, which is also called “Mary’s Fountain. ”
The upper road to Hadassah Medical Centre leads to the Street of Henrietta Szold, named after the Baltimore-born founder of Hadassah, the Organization of American Women Zionists.
St. Herbert’s Island was named after the saint who lived here as a hermit; after his death in 687 it became a place of pilgrimage.
The village was made famous in the 19th century, when a writer named J. Budworth encountered Mary Robinson, the beautiful daughter of the landlord of the Fish Inn.
Mission San Fernando Rey de España (15151 San Fernando Mission Boulevard, Mission Hills), built in 1797, was named for Ferdinand III, King of Spain.
Newport Beach, a fashionable beach community that surrounds Newport Harbor, hosts the upscale (and aptly named) Fashion Island shopping mall.
The Sercial grape, used to produce the driest style of Madeira, is named for this pretty coastal village that is the center of a wine-growing district.
The outstanding Salón de Gasparini is named after the artist (Matias Gasparini of Naples) that mobilized stone-cutters, sculptors, glass-blowers, clock-makers, sil­versmiths, cabinet-makers, and embroiderers to produce this stunning example of rococo.
Just down the hill from Santo Tomé, the Casa-Museo El Greco — misleadingly named, since the artist almost certainly never lived in it — has been reconstructed and linked to a museum dedicated to his life.
Less than 2 km (about a mile) from the royal palace, the curiously named farmer’s cottage (la casita del labrador) is set in the extensive prince’s garden.
On the opposite side of the courtyard of the masks (named after the design of two fountains), the Salones Reales (apartments of Felipe II) are modest in comforts, but rich in artworks.
The resort was named after Louis James Fraser, an English adventurer and scoundrel, who dealt in mule hides, tin, opium, and gambling.
The hill station was named after William Cameron, a British surveyor, who in 1885 reported the finding of the “fine plateau. ”
Under the British, Penang was named Prince of Wales Island, and the capital took its name from the son of King George III, the future George IV.
Across the road is Fort Cornwallis (named after Charles Cornwallis, Governor General of India), which marks the spot where Captain Light arrived on 17 July 1786.
The white-turreted edifice was built by Sir Charles Brooke along the lines of a English medieval castle and named after his wife, Margaret.
Back near the waterfront, the turreted Sa Llotja (La Lonja in Spanish) was built in the mid-15th century by local architect Guillem Sagrera (the seafront promenade is named after him).
If you’re looking for a bit of tourism overkill, this is where you’ll find it: bars a block long, discos built like airport terminals, restaurants offering menus in eight languages from Finnish to French, waterslides, go-karts — you name it, Magalluf has it.
If you can attend mass in the church, you may hear the famous Lluc boys’ choir, Es Blavets (“the blue ones”), named after the color of their cassocks.
The overcommercialized Coves del Drac (Caves of the Dragon), to the south of the port, contain almost 2 km (more than a mile) of huge chambers and spectacular formations, as well as the unquestionable highlight — a 177-m- (581-ft-) long underground lake named after Edouard-Alfred Martel, the French speleologist who explored the caves in 1896.
The Romans named the southwestern province of the peninsula Lusitania, oddly enough for one of the Celtiberian tribes they defeated, and by the third century a.d. had introduced Christianity.
Adjacent to the cathedral is the lovely Igreja de Santo António da Sé, named for Lisbon’s patron saint, St. Anthony of Padua.
Running parallel to Jodenbreestraat on the left-hand side is Waterlooplein, named after the famous battle and home to the famous flea market of the same name.
Blauwbrug (Blue Bridge) is named after the color of the previous bridge which occupied the site.
The park was named after the Netherlands’ premier poet Joost van den Vondel and designed in the English fashion of the times.
Many of the streets were named after fragrant flowers but this was not the prettiest or sweetest smelling area of Amsterdam in its heyday.
Look out for the wonderfully named Kwakelbrug — the narrowest old bridge in town, which allows only single-file foot traffic to cross.
In ancient Greek mythology Athens is named following a contest between Athena, goddess of wisdom, and Poseidon, god of the sea.
A bell tower was added by the Byzantines who named it Agia Sophia, also meaning wisdom.
Each room has something of note but look for the pediment of a lion tearing apart a bull, dating from the sixth century b.c. in room 1. Pediment depicting a triple-headed demon, and a kouros (male statue) named The Calf-bearer — a young man carrying a calf to ritual slaughter at the temple — are both displayed in room 2. Kritikos Boy and Blond-haired Boy — two sculptures carved in the “severe” style fashionable around 480 b.c. are displayed in room 6. Panels from the Ionic frieze that decorated the Parthenon are in room 8, and the original Caryatids can be found in room 9.
In the shadow of the cathedral is the tiny Mikrí Mitrópolis (Little Cathedral), officially named Panayía Gorgoepíkos and sometimes known as Ayios Elefthérios or “freedom church,” the name given after King Otto left the Greek throne.
As if to reiterate this historical event, the south side of the square is dominated by the Mosque of Tsistarákis, built in 1759 and named after the Ottoman governor of the time.
Kerameikós was named for the potters who worked here within the city walls (Inner Kerameikós), directly on the site of good clay deposits.
Northeast of Stadhiou is Panepistimiou (University Street), officially named Elefthería Venizélou after the Cretan statesman.
Thus the temple was named in his honor.
In 1648 a group of English Puritans from Bermuda, led by William Sayle, sailed to Bahamian waters and established the first permanent European settlement on the island they named Eleutheria (now Eleuthera) after the Greek word for freedom.
Today you can visit a tower east of Nassau named after him.
In 1718, shortly after the Bahamas became a crown colony, Captain Woodes Rogers, a renowned ex-privateer, was named the first royal governor.
Then, to the astonishment of the local populace, the Duke of Windsor, having given up his throne for an American divorcée, was named governor of the little colony in 1940.
When Spanish explorers came to map the area in the 16th century, they named the area baja mar, or shallow seas, as a warning to the galleons that would be sailing through the waters.
Just off the coast of Rose Island and named for the James Bond films that were filmed here; the coral formations are impressive and large fish such as grouper are numerous.
Built by Lord Dunmore in 1787–89, during the Napoleonic Wars, and named after the wife of George III, this is the largest fort in the Bahamas.
Although they named the island Eleuthera, you may find that the local people call the island Cigatoo, its old Lucayan name.
Many visitors come to this island, named after an English sea captain called Catt, for its beautiful quiet beaches.
He named it Fernandina in honor of the King of Spain, but the English called it Long Island because of its appearance — 66 miles (106 km) long and no more than 4 miles (61⁄2 km) in width.
The finest beach is at the very northern tip of the island — Cape Santa Maria (named by Columbus after his own ship) is a vast empty expanse of yellow sand and blue sea.
The genial black-and-white monster, named Shamu, leaps out of the water, stands on his head waving his enormous tail, lets handlers ride him, and nods his head to questions.
A powerful Hindu empire named after its capital, Majapahit, united all of Java by 1320.
Britain’s administrator, Stamford Raffles, who was named Lieutenant Governor, even visited Bali, and may have had it in mind to build a trading station here.
Shrouded in dense vegetation, it overlooks Goa Raksasa, a cave named after the evil giant who is said to have dwelt there.
Barcelona was originally called Barcino, named for the Carthaginian general and father of Hannibal, Hamilcar Barca, who established a base on the northeastern coast of Iberia in 237 b.c.
The Baixada de Santa Eulàlia descends to carrer dels Banys Nous, named for the long-gone “new” baths of the ghetto erected in the 12th century.
Many of the little streets surrounding the church are named for the craftsmen who once had their shops here or their products: Sombrerers (hatmakers), Mirallers (mirror-makers), Espartería (makers of rope-soled shoes), and Espasería (sword-makers).
The job went to a road engineer named Ildefons Cerdà, whose plan quintupled the city’s size in a matter of decades.
The expanse contains the city zoo (Parc Zoológic and its rare albino gorilla named Snowflake, or Copito de Nieve), the Museu d’Art Modern (Modern Art Museum), the seat of the Parlament de Catalunya, and the foundations of Ciutadella (Citadel).
The large Baroque fountain, La Cascada, was designed by Josep Fontseré, who had as his assistant a young architecture student named Antoni Gaudí.
Gràcia, for example, has its own town square, the Plaça Rius i Taulet, and streets named Llibertat and Fraternitat and a Plaça Revolució, reflecting a political past.
China’s first subway system now makes a loop that retraces the foundations of the city walls, with the subway stops named for the ancient city gates.
Many of its 60 or more small cafés — offering international cuisine by day and drinking and music by night — are located on Sanlitun Lu, which has been officially named Sanlitun Bar Street (Sanlitun Jiuba Jie).
The most popular site in the Western Hills is natural: a summit known as Incense Burner Peak (Xiang Lu Feng), named for the image created when fog comes sweeping over it.
Among its scientists, Robert Koch won a Nobel prize for his discovery of the Tuberculosis bacillus, and Max Planck headed the new Kaiser Wilhelm Society for the Advancement of Science (later named the Max-Planck-Institut), with Albert Einstein as director of the physics department.
Sweeping eastwards from the gate, this grand 61-m (200-ft) -wide avenue, literally named “Beneath the Linden Trees,” was Berlin’s showcase boulevard.
It stands beside the open square named Bebelplatz (formerly Opernplatz) which was the scene of book-burning by Nazi students in 1933.
The artist Andreas Schlüter provided the military sculpture, but was able to assert his pacifist views with poignant sculpted masks of dying warriors (1696) in the inner courtyard named after him, the Schlüterhof.
Occupying the former quarters of the Antikenmuseum, the Sammlung Berggruen is named after the Berlin-born art lover, Heinz Berggruen, whose outstanding collection of late 19th- and early 20th-century art, including works by Picasso and other, more recent, modernists is displayed here.
The home of many impressive works of classical antiquity, the Near East, Islam, and the Orient, the museum is named after its most prized possession: the gigantic Pergamon Altar (2nd century b.c.).
In 1606 James I granted a charter to the Virginia Company to establish the first English colony in America, named Jamestown in the king’s honor.
Of the nine parishes, all but St. George’s were named after prominent shareholders in the original Bermuda Company.
On the left as you walk up Queen Street is Perot Post Office, named after the man who was appointed Bermuda’s first Postmaster General in 1821.
Queen Street climbs as far as Church Street, a main east-west thoroughfare named for the many houses of worship located along its course.
Watch also for Walsingham Lane and a sign to Tom Moore’s Tavern, named after the Irish poet who spent some time on Bermuda.
Named for the guns once kept there, it was used also to hang condemned prisoners.
It is named Bridge House because it sat opposite a small wooden bridge that once led to the harbor here.
In 1950, a descendant — an American named Robert Tucker — bequeathed many family heirlooms to the house in his will.
The church looks down what the locals call the Prado, officially named Paul Revere Mall.
The church has been named by the AIA one of the nation’s ten best buildings.
Take a detour along the way down one of the side streets, alphabetically arranged from A to H, starting at the Public Garden (they’re named after English peers).
It’s named after Harry Elkins Widener, who drowned on the Titanic because he couldn’t swim 50 yards to the lifeboats.
It is believed that the town on the west side of the river was named after Attila’s brother (or possibly his brother-in-law), Buda, who was banished there.
A short walk across the park (just follow the crowds) is the stop for the Children’s Railway (Széchenyi-hegyi Gyermekvasút), thus named because it is operated almost entirely by school-children; only the engine drivers are adults.
The bridge was designed by an English engineer, William Tierney Clark, and its construction was supervised by a Scotsman, Adam Clark (no relation), who has a square named after him at the Buda end of the bridge.
South of the Chain Bridge is the rather more functional-looking Erzsébet híd (Elizabeth Bridge), named after the consort of Franz Joseph, tragically assassinated in 1898.
Kodály körönd (Kodály crescent, named after another Hungarian composer) is a splendid ensemble, its curving façades decorated with Classical ﬁgures and inlaid motifs.
In 1776 a presidio and a mission were built near the mouth of the beautiful bay discovered by Gaspar de Portolá in 1769 — it was named the Misión San Francisco de Asís.
But L.A. has other stylish shopping districts, too: Wilshire Boulevard (ironically named after the eccentric socialist Gaylord Wilshire); Century City, near Westwood Village; Montana Avenue in Santa Monica; and Melrose Avenue in West Hollywood are among the most well-known.
The prisoners named the cell rows after elegant streets of America such as New York’s Park Avenue, L.A.’s Sunset Boulevard, and Michigan Avenue in Chicago.
Highway 1 twists through the hills to the coast, past the Muir Woods National Monument, named after John Muir, the Scots-born environmentalist, who founded California’s conservation movement at the turn of the 19th century.
On the way back toward Furnace Creek lies Artist’s Drive, where the road (one way only from south to north) carves its path through a canyon of multi-colored rocks, culminating in the very aptly named Artist’s Palette.
In 1535 Jacques Cartier ventured up the St. Lawrence as far as Hochelaga Village, dominated by a hill he named Mont Réal (Mount Royal).
Charles II granted this tentacular private joint-stock company control of all territories draining into Hudson Bay; they were named Rupert’s Land after the king’s cousin, who was also titular head of the company.
Haida, a destroyer active in World War II and the Korean War named after the peace-loving Haida Indians of British Columbia.
North of Queen Street, Nathan Phillips Square, named after a prominent Toronto mayor, is the center of municipal government.
Table Rock, named after a ledge that’s long since fallen in the river, is right on the brink of Horseshoe Falls.
It’s named after the French hunter Nicolas Gatineau, who first explored it, and its evergreen and deciduous forests are still the home of an abundant wildlife.
Known with characteristic local irony as la Montagne (the Mountain), the heights were spotted by Jacques Cartier on his historic journey up the St. Lawrence River in 1535, and named Mont Réal in homage to his king François I.
Back down by the river, Place d’Youville, named after a lady who established here the charitable order of the Grey Nuns, offers a quieter, more romantic end to your tour of Vieux Montréal.
It was named Cap Diamant, after the shiny stones that Jacques Cartier mistook for diamonds (see page 14).
It is named after Count Louis de Frontenac, a rascally 17th-century French governor who upset the clergy by encouraging the sale of brandy to the native peoples.
In Windsor, stop off to see the 18th-century blockhouse at Fort Edward (named after Governor Edward Cornwallis), grim monument to the British military presence that prepared the deportation.
Jacques Cartier named the island Ile St-Jean when he spotted it in the 16th century, but the French didn’t colonize it until after their retrenchment following the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht.
Like Nova Scotia, the island was transformed by the Acadians’ deportation and their replacement by New Englanders, who named it after Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, in 1799.
Named after the wife of George III of England, the town offers a colorful mix of greenery, characteristic red stone, and Victorian gingerbread.
Starting out from Summerside, this 288-km (173-mile) western circuit around Prince County, named after the provincial flower, takes you through the Acadian community (close to 15,000) living on the south coast around Egmont Bay.
Turning west, you’ll pass on the seaward side a bronze statue oddly named Girl in a Wet Suit, a version of Copenhagen’s mermaid designed not to shock.
Rogers’ Pass was named after the major who found this corridor in 1882, thus enabling the C.P.R.
The village (3 km/2 miles east) is very much a tourist-trap, but the lake (named after a daughter of Queen Victoria) and its surroundings retain their magic.
This beautifully organized museum, drawing on the most modern audiovisual techniques, is named after Joseph Tyrrell, the geologist who made the first discovery of Alberta’s 65-million-year-old dinosaurs while surveying coal seams along the Red Deer River in 1884.
Once it was known that the attack had been repelled, a gift of wine was sent out to Nelson (England was, after all, an important wine market) and a street was named Calle de Horacio Nelson in his honor!
The Canaries were not spared the horrors of the war (mass Republican executions took place in the aptly named Barranco del Infierno, the Gorge of Hell, on Tenerife), but on the whole the islands prospered during Franco’s period of dictatorship, which provided for added protection to their free-port status.
At its southern end it takes on the improbable title of Calle O’Daly, named after an Irish banana merchant who settled on the island.
Away from Las Canteras make your first stop Doramas Parque, a pleasantly landscaped park named after a Guanche island chieftain, and adjacent to the park is the Pueblo Canario (Canary Village).
Facing the cathedral are several green bronze statues of the aboriginal mastiff dogs after whom the Canary Islands are said to have been named (from the Latin canes).
The rest of the route to Puerto del Rosario, once named Puerto Cabras (Port of the Goats) because in the 18th century it was used mainly for the raising of goats, has nothing of interest for tourists and the town itself is a rather drab place.
Meanwhile, under the presidency of Porfirio Diaz, Quintana Roo on the Yucatán peninsula’s eastern coast,  named after Andreas Quintana Roo — a writer and independence movement leader between 1810 and 1821 — was declared a territory of Mexico in 1902.
Its eastern shoreline is one long beach of fine white sand (there are seven named beaches along the strip), which is washed by the translucent azure waters of the Caribbean.
On the streets around the park — each named after a flower — there are small hotels and restaurants, plus portable stalls selling fresh fruit juices or hot Mexican snacks.
It was he who named the island.
Some time later, in the 13th century, the Itzá, a Mayan tribe led by a ruler named Itzámna, moved north out of what is now the Campeche province to the tip of Yucatán and settled in the city.
The temple attached to the eastern wall, the Templo de los Jaguares (Temple of the Jaguars), is named in honor of the jaguar figures carved on the upper panels of the temple and a statue of a jaguar in the lower chamber.
Named for the reliefs depicting thousands of Mayan warriors, the temple also has numerous columns, putting one in mind of a classical Greek edifice.
Reached through a colonnaded walkway abutting the Temple of the Warriors is what modern archaeologists have named the Mercado or Market, with the remains of steam baths and a number of ball courts.
Casa de los Metates (the House of the Grinding Stones) is named after the corn-grinding stones of the Maya, which are used in villages in the region in the present day.
Then, an able general named Zhaokuangyin (Chao K’uang-yin) came onto the scene and founded the Song (Sung) Dynasty (960–1280), which ensured Chinese cultural supremacy for the next three centuries.
In the Qin Dynasty, in the third century b.c., the city was the capital of the dreamily named Kingdom of Ba.
The trees that inspired the 11th-century poet and calligrapher Su Dongpo to name the temple have died, but the often-restored complex remains a focus of local Buddhist activities.
At the summit, where the altitude is 223 m (732 ft), the charmingly named Catch-Cloud Pavilion (Nayunting) provides a 360-degree panorama.
Solitary Hill (Gushan), in the northern part of the lake, is reached from the city by a causeway named after a Tang Dynasty poet, Baijuyi.
Attractive to photographers is the aptly named Five Pagodas Temple (Wutasi), a striking 18th-century structure capped with five towers.
In the early sixth century, a monk from India named Da Mo arrived at Shaolin, where he founded Chan Buddhism.
The Tang emperors who followed greatly enlarged and beautified the city, again naming it Chang’an.
The Big Wild Goose Pagoda was built to house precious Buddhist texts brought back from India by Xi’an’s most celebrated pilgrim, an intrepid scholar named Xuanzang.
Next door is the glass-roofed Patio de las Muñecas (Courtyard of the Dolls), so named for the two tiny human faces carved into the decoration surrounding one of the Moorish arches.
The Moorish Torre del Oro (Tower of Gold) is named after the gold-colored tiles that once covered the walls of this early 13th-century chess-piece castle.
And a statue of the 12th-century doctor, philosopher, and theologian stands a few steps from the synagogue in the square named in his honor, Plaza de Maimónides.
They founded many trading settlements in the “remote” or “hidden land” they named Span or Spania.
Paella is named after the large, shallow iron pan in which it is cooked and served.
Founded at the end of the first millennium it is named in honor of St. Titus, the island’s patron saint who was charged by St. Paul to convert the Cretans to Christianity.
Head across 25 August Street to a small park — El Greco — named after the painter, a native of Crete, whose true name was Dominicos Theotokópoulos.
Evans named them the Minoans after their most famous king — Minos.
Near the village of Agía Déka — named after ten saints who were martyred here — and widely scattered in farmland, are the remains of Górtis (Gortyn), capital of the island during the Roman era (from 65 b.c.) and also an important city in Minoan times.
Murcia’s cathedral stands on the plaza named in honour of Cardinal Belluga.
In 1895 José Martí, Cuba’s most venerated patriot (who now has a street, square, or building named after him in every town), led the next and most important uprising against Spain.
Recommended recordings include those by Trio Matamoros, Benny Moré, La Vieja Trova Santiaguero, Los Zafiros, El Cuarteto Patria, Los Van Van, and Pablo Milanés, just to name a very few of Cuba’s excellent roster of popular musicians who will help you keep the fire burning back home.
Art exhibitions are held down the street at the Centro Cultural Wilfredo Lam (at the corner of San Ignacio), named for Cuba’s top modern artist.
Follow charming Calle Mercaderes to the fascinating and aptly named Plaza Vieja (Old Square), which began life in 1584 housing wealthy merchants.
Built in 1890, it was named after a rich sugar plantation owner from Venezuela.
Its sizable old town is endowed with marvelous Spanish colonial architecture and has been named by UNESCO as a “World Heritage Site.”
These offshore cays — budding starlets of Cuban joint-tourism initiatives with foreign companies — are reached by a road carving through pineapple orchards and the town of Morón, which is not as idiotically named as you might think.
Cayo Coco is named not for coconuts but for a bird: the ibis, as revealed in Hemingway’s Islands in the Stream.
A ten-minute walk west down Calle Cristo brings you to a dignified 18th-century church, Santo Cristo del Buen Viaje (Christ of Good Travels), perfectly named for out-of-town visitors.
The museum, in a shockingly grandiose neoclassic building on a beguiling little street, is named for its benefactor and the town’s former mayor, whose family founded the Bacardí rum empire (which moved its headquarters and production to Puerto Rico after the revolution).
In Tivolí you’ll find the famous Padre Pico steps, named for a Santiaguero priest who aided the city’s poor.
A place of great import (and considerable beauty) to all Cubans is the triple-domed Basílica del Cobre, named after the nearby copper mines that rise out of the forested foothills 18 km (11 miles) west of Santiago.
Named a UNESCO biosphere, Baracoa has no fewer than ten rivers.
A good place to get your bearings is the hilltop Hotel El Castillo, a former castle looking out over old red-tiled roofs, the town’s oyster-shaped bay, and the landmark mountain known as “El Yunque” (“The Anvil”), so named on account of its singular shape.
Also wander along the Malecón, the seaside avenue, from the snug Fuerte Matachín (an early 19th-century fort that has a small municipal museum attached) to the Hotel La Rusa, named after a legendary and glamorous Russian émigrée who over the years hosted celebrities from Che and Fidel to Errol Flynn.
He was an ambitious and unscrupulous 29-year-old named Jung Bahadur Rana.
They stood before the firing squad on the Esplanade near where it crosses Frenchmen Street, named in their memory.
Dozens are still named after McDonogh, who, in effect, founded the city’s public school system.
Take time off from the city bustle for a stroll through the Jardin des Tuileries, named after a 13th-century tile works and now beautifully re-landscaped as part of a renovation plan for the Musée du Louvre to the east.
Window-shop your way past the goldsmiths and furriers of the rue de la Paix to the ornate opera house (now named after its architect Charles Garnier to distinguish it from the new Opéra-Bastille; see page 52).
Take the métro to Rambuteau and start at the corner of the rue des Archives and the rue des Francs-Bourgeois, named after the poor (not bourgeois at all) allowed to live here tax-free in the 14th century.
Named after the 13th-century college established by Robert de Sorbon for poor theological students, the university was later taken in hand by Cardinal Richelieu, who financed its reconstruction (1624–1642).
Named after the mountain home of antiquity’s Muses, Paris’s “Mount Parnassus” was a mound left after quarrying — long gone, but remaining an inspiration to artists.
Each of the three main wings is named after one of France’s great figures: the Richelieu wing, the Sully wing in the east, and the Denon wing beside the Seine.
They settled in the Alentejo, along the Tagus river, and in the Algarve (which they named al-Gharb, or “Western Land”).
Henríques consolidated his position by defeating the Moors at the Battle of Ourique in 1139, and celebrated by naming himself the first king of Portugal.
In 1932 Salazar was named Prime Minister.
Adjacent to the cathedral is the lovely Igreja de Santo António da Sé, named for Lisbon’s patron saint, St. Anthony of Padua.
This is the Dão wine region, whose oaky red wines are named after the River Dão, a tributary of the Mondego.
Porto was named European Capital of Culture for 2001.
Just uphill from the river is the Bolsa district, named after the elegant 19th-century Stock Exchange on the Praça do Infante Dom Henrique.
Taylor, one of the major wine players, recently opened an excellent hotel in Pinhão, the appropriately named Vintage House.
The other notable museum in Guimarães is the Museu de Martins Sarmento, named for the 19th-century excavator of the Citânia de Briteiros, an ancient settlement of Celto-Iberians.
The eccentrically named town of Freixo do Espada-à-Cinta (“Ash Tree of the Belted Sword”) is where, according to legend, the 13th-century Dom Dinis hung his sword.
Don Q is the best-known Puerto Rican brand (named after Don Quixote, a hero of the distillery’s founder), but Bacardi now calls Puerto Rico home (after leaving Cuba at the time of the revolution) and is by far the biggest producer.
The square was named after Columbus on the 400th anniversary of Puerto Rico’s discovery, in 1893.
Next to the Casals Museum is the Casa de los Contrafuertes (House of the Buttresses), named after the sturdy stone supports that reach out at angles from the walls.
Along the way you’ll pass Teatro Tapia (Tapia Theater) named after Puerto Rican playwright Alejandro Tapia y Rivera.
One, named Raices (Roots), depicts members of each of the races that have contributed to the modern Puerto Rican mix, surrounded by playful dolphins.
The capital of the island is Isabel Segunda, named in honor of the 19th-century Spanish Queen who was on the throne when work began on the fort, in the 1840s.
Its only town is named Dewey, after Admiral George Dewey, a hero of the American-Spanish War of 1898.
Founded in 1692, it was named after a relative of Juan Ponce de León, not the famous explorer himself.
Named a World Biosphere Reserve, the area includes several sandy beaches.
Over 200 named buildings are under protection, but unfortunately, as yet, there is no tourist information office in the town, and many of the buildings are neither identified nor open to the public.
The most famous is Crash Boat Beach, named after a shipwreck that happened just offshore.
Named by Danish settlers after the wife of King Christian V, the settlement started out as a trading port (a tradition that continues with great success today).
The park was named to commemorate the freeing of the slaves in 1848.
The family houses of the merchants and civil servants where built high on this rise — named Government Hill — to take advantage of the cooling breeze.
Hotel 1829, named for the year in which it was built, sits amid other fine homes.
The 99 Steps are the longest in town, but whoever named the flight must have become tired toward the end and miscounted — there are in fact 103.
The mines needed salt to process the ore, and an enterprising man named Guadalupe Sánchez found the perfect location for this by the mouth of the Río Cuale.
The village grew steadily, and by 1895 construction began on the church in the town center, Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe, named after the Virgin of Guadalupe, patron saint of the town.
The Spaniards named the place Manzanillo, and established it as a shipyard and launching point for expeditions across the Pacific.
In the early 1500s, Aztecs conquered the province of Coyuca, located between present-day Zihuatanejo and the Coyuca lagoon, and established a coastal capital, which they called Zihuatlan, “Place of Women,” named for the local matriarchal society.
Residents today claim that the place was named for the beauty of the women, and means, “place of beautiful women.”
The neighborhood is named for the main beach in town, Los Muertos (the Dead) — however, the city fathers prefer a kinder, gentler nomenclature, and have unsuccessfully tried to rename it “Zona Romántica,” and the beach, “Playa del Sol” (just so you’ll know when you see the many street signs).
On the other side of Santiago lies a succession of locally popular beaches, including the long stretch known as Playa Olas Altas, named after the high waves that regularly break here.
The beach was named for the yards of colorful cloth that washed ashore centuries ago, following a trading galleon’s wreck.
The main street that runs parallel to this beach is known as the Adoquín, named for the hexagon-shaped interlocking bricks used in its paving.
Less than a year later, the Sheikh proudly held up Achmed ben Maslow-Sheikh, his beautiful son, and named him his heir, commanding all the tribes of Bedouins to swear fealty and loyalty to him forever.
For a little extra, customers can name 15 to 19 songs, and the shop will burn them on to a CD.
Their robes are confiscated, exchanged for long-sleeved t-shirts of the Cardinal Ratzinger Fan Club ("Putting the Smackdown on Heresy since 1981") "Ever since the Holy Father started watching Gibson's Passion," an African priest named Thleeanouhee begins.
My classmates and I have been reading in class about you and the old man named Mr. Siegfried Rheinfahrt.
Venison was named by his mother, who thought her son had a "freakish, gamey look."
The Baby (once mistakenly named Little Nell-cf.
There's a cute little elephant named NingNong that carries a little girl on its back.
>>Lexington, Kentucky; and Alderson, West Virginia; to name some of
105 An entity named Ramtha is channeled by JZ Knight in What the Bleep: "One of the great enigmas that scientists have studied in the last decade is Ramtha, a mystic, philosopher, master teacher and hierophant.
Least Plausible Perjury Payoff Dept.: The Washington Post noted ominously that shortly before Arkansas ex-judge Beth Coulson gave a deposition denying a sexual relationship with Clinton, the president "named her to a committee of Arkansas friends to come up with name recommendations for his new dog."
Some woman named Zercher ...
Why would Brock, in his tell-all, decline to name this "major contributor?"
Lynn Sweet of the Chicago Sun-Times reported this week that the "contributor," a Chicago investment banker named Peter Smith, did more than introduce Brock to the anti-Clinton world.
Daley's story, which was picked up by the Associated Press and MSNBC, broke the news that a 19-year-old from Port Chester, N.Y., named Chase Culeman-Beckman claims to have been told by Carl Bernstein's son Jacob that Deep Throat was ...
The terrific Times biz-section story on the ad industry's all-too-sudden, profit-motivated defection to the anti-smoking camp quotes an advertising executive named Alex Bogusky.
P.S.: Ryan Papir, one of our readers, helpfully told me that after losing about $4 million in the 1987 crash, a man named Arthur Kane killed a Merrill Lynch office manager and seriously injured a stockbroker.
A parlor game among political journalists these days is to see how many of Gore's half-dozen "communications directors" you can name.
Indeed, a guy named Dinesh Desai claims to have recorded a temperature of 129 degrees while walking across Death Valley in July 1998.
By naming the thing, Bell ushered it into existence.
The officials, fingered by the agency's inspector general, were not named, but a "department source" tells USAT that one of them is former lab director (now senior fellow) Siegfried Hecker.
The work was created by an Iowa folk artist named Norma Duffy Lyon who calls herself the Butter Cow Lady.
Serbs, fearing widespread revenge killings, have fled to a northern, French-controlled city named Kosovska Mitrovika.
Spurred by this revelation, an Israeli journalist and historian named Tom Segev took up the cause, arguing that the document is stolen property and belongs rightfully to Eichmann's heirs.
Kenneth Starr's decision to leave his post as independent counsel before his final report is complete raises a thorny issue: Do the three judges who sit on the panel that appointed him have the right to name a successor now that the prosecutor statute has expired?
(And yes, the latter perspective does owe more than a little to Savage's England's Dreaming . This must have been said before, but if someone named Jon Savage wasn't born to write about the Sex Pistols, I don't know who was.)
But all the papers fail to explain how a storm qualifies as a hurricane (once its top sustained winds pass 74 mph) as well as the quaint method by which tropical storms and hurricanes are named (an alphabetical system that starts over each year with a name beginning with "A" and is planned years in advance, so that we already know that the first such storm of 2002 in the Atlantic region will be called Arthur, the second Bertha, and the eighth Hortense).
The venues are many--from massive news coverage of the coming out of a television star named Ellen (I loved the "Yep, I'm Gay" title in Time magazine--it was more like "Of course, she's a big homo," since most of gay America had gaydared Ms.
A bedroom suite has been named in his honor at a Nevada brothel he once frequented.
In its earliest days, it needed the craziness provided by a enthusiastic entrepreneur named Bill Von Meister.
But it was a diligent and totally focused executive named Steve Case who was able to take his ideas and make them real.
Now, we're not asking the fund to hire someone named Vito to go collect, but considering that it's now loaned Russia $20 billion with few discernible results, maybe making one or two phone calls wouldn't be unreasonable . You know, something like: 'So, how much of that $20 billion is still around?
USAT 's lead mainly dwells on the imminent outside investigation of Waco, saying that its honcho could be named as early as today and that candidates include two Republican ex-senators.
The NYT runs a front-page feature by sports long-form legend Robert Lipsyte on the first major league baseball player to come out extensively to the press (in a previous article in the Miami Herald ), a retired utility player named Billy Bean who played with the Tigers, Dodgers and Padres.
The paper's coverage has generally been clear in attributing the Wen Ho Lee-probably-did-it line to particular (named and unnamed) government sources.
But the Chicago edition of the Zagat's guides--which, unlike any of the guidebooks we're covering, relies on actual reader feedback--gives the restaurant a stomach-turning food rating of 13 (out of a possible 30) and laughs that it "might be deserted if it 'were named for anyone else.
The ads star an actual senior managing director of the company, a man named Yukawa Hidekazu, who looks much like what you imagine Japanese salarymen look like.
Located in Staten Island, it's the largest and most poetically named garbage dump in the world).
And I certainly wouldn't be very upset if Bush won, even if he can't name a single book he's ever read.
But Money Talks was written by an actual expert (a black financial journalist named Juliette Fairley).
7. "New Web site Space.com named former astronaut Sally Ride as president , ensuring that for the foreseeable future every article about the site will contain at least one reference to the company's 'rocketing' fortunes."
Among the people named in the suit, not as defendants, but as having "engaged in communications" about Tripp is Hillary Clinton.
For reasons that would spoil a number of surprises, their efforts revolve around a Catholic woman named Bethany (an unprecedentedly soulful Linda Fiorentino), who goes to church every Sunday but feels that God has stopped listening.
Grass' sarcasm is a welcome respite from the heavy-handed literalism of so much contemporary Holocaust narrative, from the 1979 television series Holocaust (another mass catalyst for German self-awareness) to Schindler's List to the odious Jakob the Liar . And yet, for all of Grass' rage at Germany's crimes, the fact that The Tin Drum rarely names those crimes or explores their existence, and seems so focused on the souls of the Germans, with little empathy to spare for their victims, makes the book feel more like a step on the way to something than like the thing itself--whether that thing be a more moral or simply a greater work of literature.
In an article in the journal Science , an Intel scientist named Paul A. Packan reports that as silicon chips continue to shrink, their manufacturers are running up against stubborn physical limits for the first time--already, the smallest transistors have insulating layers only a few atoms thick.
Instead, he phoned Metabolife, which referred Chatterbox to its public relations firm, Sitrick and Co., where a senior associate named Julie Fahn assured Chatterbox that all the legal mumbo-jumbo "basically is just to make sure that nobody goes off and duplicates the exact videotape we have because Metabolife owns the copyright.
In his education speech, he tripped over the term "exemplary," which came out of his mouth as "exemplarary," and he referred to the Walter Sisulu Children's Academy, a charter school named after the late ANC leader, as "Sizzle-oo."
Bennett assumes Bush himself wouldn't know--and couldn't be expected to know--that someone named Bork wrote the book Slouching Toward Gomorrah that Bush referred to.
It's named after computer engineer Gordon Moore, a co-founder of the Intel Corporation.
The Hector Mine earthquake, named for a mineral mine near the epicenter, was three times more powerful than the 6.7-magnitude quake that killed 57 people in L.A. in 1994.
Anyway, I don't think "Lewinsky," as a verb or a noun, has the staying power of something like Heimlich, another eponym (word named after a person, for those who are reading over our shoulders) involving one person doing something physical to another.
Shit, man, they named the building after the guy not too long ago.
On the other, you want to differentiate your dictionary from your similarly named competitors.
The Washington Post and New York Times lead with the surprising result of Indonesia's first truly contested presidential election in nearly 50 years: the victory (in a vote taken in the national legislature, not among the general public) of a first-time office-holder, an aging, frail, and nearly blind Muslim cleric named Abdurrahman Wahid.
There is a wonderful scene, for instance, that comes shortly after the book's central character, Jim Clark, decides to start a health-care Web site, eventually named Healtheon.
This day is called the feast of Crispian: He that outlives this day, and doth come over the hill, Will buy a round when the day is named, And rouse him at the name of Crispian.
"Whilst we was in Petersburg, Marse Robert had done got him a little black hen from a man and we named the little black hen Nellie.
There is a story about a fellow named Willie Horton who for all I know may end up to be Dukakis' running mate.
It will be interesting to see what happens when the county executive, a Republican named Gulotta, who is widely credited with the budget fracas, comes up for election next.
Asked by WHDH-TV in Boston to name the leaders of Chechnya, Pakistan, India, and Taiwan, Bush could name only Taiwan's president, Lee Teng-hui.
Asked by WHDH-TV in Boston to name the leaders of Chechnya, Pakistan, India, and Taiwan, Bush could name only Taiwan's president, Lee Teng-hui.
An inside WP lead details Al Gore's reaction to Bush's "inability [Thursday] to name the leaders of three foreign countries," Pakistan, India, and Chechnya.
The NYT Op-Ed page publishes a two-fronted assault on George W. Bush's inability to name the leaders of India, Pakistan, and Chechnya.
Chatterbox has no problem naming something else in Washington after Eisenhower, a great general and a pretty good president--there's already a theater named after him in the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts--but what about his erstwhile boss, Franklin Roosevelt?
Chatterbox has no problem naming something else in Washington after Eisenhower, a great general and a pretty good president--there's already a theater named after him in the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts--but what about his erstwhile boss, Franklin Roosevelt?
Time is reportedly getting ready to name him Man of the Century, and there seems to be general agreement that he was the best president the United States produced during the last 100 years.
But--apart from the FDR Memorial, built only a few years ago--no other public structure in Washington that Chatterbox can think of is named after him.
(The Roosevelt Bridge is named after Teddy.)
To prevent investors from getting badly burned, after-hours ECNs accept only "limit orders" (bids in which the investor names the highest price at which he'll buy or lowest price at which he'll sell) instead of the "market orders" (in which the investor accepts the prevailing market price) common during the day.
Not just because George W. couldn't name leaders of world hot spots.
Rather, Chatterbox means that Simpson captures one specific Beverly Hills orthodontist, named Nathan Seltzer, who straightened Chatterbox's teeth during the Nixon administration.
Chatterbox figured Dr. Seltzer would be flattered to be described in the book as handsome, and even more flattered by the hunky portrayal of him in the movie by an actor named Hart Bochner.
But the receptionist who answered announced the office as that of another orthodontist named Joseph Cannon.
In the Post 's "Reliable Source" column, some journalist named Michael Kinsley, who claims to work for Microsoft, reveals what Al Gore did behind closed doors Monday when he visited the company's headquarters in Redmond, Wa.
[Murphy's Law] was named after Capt.
An obscure businessman named Ron Unz is now a powerful man in California because (in part) he ran against the leader of his party, then-Governor Pete Wilson.
In the movie, Sheriff Woody, the cowboy action figure (voice supplied by Tom Hanks), turns out to be a valuable relic of the late 1950s; he is stolen by an unsavory collector/toy-store owner named Al (Wayne Knight) and sold to a museum in Japan.
That's because Woody would be joined in Japan by various Woody accessories of which he was previously unaware--a horse named Bullseye, a female sidekick named Jessie (Joan Cusack), a prospector named Stinky Pete (Kelsey Grammar) who's never even been out of the box.
That's because Woody would be joined in Japan by various Woody accessories of which he was previously unaware--a horse named Bullseye, a female sidekick named Jessie (Joan Cusack), a prospector named Stinky Pete (Kelsey Grammar) who's never even been out of the box.
That's because Woody would be joined in Japan by various Woody accessories of which he was previously unaware--a horse named Bullseye, a female sidekick named Jessie (Joan Cusack), a prospector named Stinky Pete (Kelsey Grammar) who's never even been out of the box.
A German doctor named Lorenz Hoffman had a typical Kunst- und Wunderkammer : he owned paintings by Durer and Cranach, a skeleton of a newborn, two dozen miniature spoons hidden within a cherry pit, an armband made of elks' hoofs, mummies and various rare musical instruments.
It was the ideological conservatives who worked for Reagan--Bill Bennett and Gary Bauer, to name two who are still very much around--who pulled his domestic policy to the right and kept it there.
I really liked American Beauty , Three Kings , The Sixth Sense , The Blair Witch Project , and Being John Malkovich , to name but five of the very solid flicks that lived up to and even exceeded my expectations in the past few months.
Asked who he would name as man of the century, Clinton chose Franklin Roosevelt (reportedly Time magazine has made the same choice).
The Post suggests that the warnings are a reference to Osama Bin Laden's terrorist organization, but the link is dubious: Officials wouldn't name a group, they only "indicated that [Bin Laden's group] is the most important organization seeking to undermine U.S. interests."
Tony Snow asks McCain who his favorite Supreme Court Justice is, and when McCain says Sandra Day O'Connor, Snow asks him to name an area in which she has had a lasting effect on constitutional law.
Blue Velvet came about because a nutty guy named Dino wanted David Lynch to make another Star Wars : Dune . My Beautiful Laundrette was financed by and for British TV.
' " (Consider The Insider --mysteriously named the year's best movie by the L.A.
The most amusing thing I saw in the paper yesterday was that a man legally named DotComGuy (formerly, Mitch Maddox), is going to move into an empty house carrying only a credit card on January 1 and not leave again for the entire year, relying exclusively on the Internet for furniture, food, services and entertainment.
The father of the phrase is a 52-year-old Massachusetts programmer named David Eddy, who's now the president of a Y2K consulting business (click here to visit his Web page).
The editor of the paper was a quiet, courtly old man named William E. Bohn.
And amid the detritus, one could find a scrawled phrase by a character in an earlier novel by Robert Littel, Mother Russia , a man improbably named Robespierre Pravdin: I have seen the future, and it needs work.
News that an Algerian man named Ahmed Ressam was seized at the Canadian border because he was carrying bomb-making materials is on all three fronts.
So there is a formal objection to his being named as such.
And as for the antitrust charge, the fact that Novartis, DuPont, Dow, and AstraZeneca are all named in the suit as "co-conspirators" (though not actual defendants) makes the monopoly charge a bit hard to believe.
We engage in something Fish calls, borrowing the phrase from a philosopher named Charles Taylor, "inspired adhoccery."
This is in a reefer to an amusing article confessing that since 1898 the issue number on the upper left hand of the front page has been off by 500--a fact that was discovered recently by a 24 year-old news aide named Aaron Donovan.
But I'll put today's newspapers up against the newspapers of any era you can name.
5 billion in pocket change, managed by someone named Michael Larson, is scattered between Gates' two foundations ($6.
But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified (but did not name) a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese.
Just in case you were wondering if there was political correctness on Mars, both the NYT and USAT state that the rover vehicle Sojourner is not so-called because of its function, but is actually named for the black abolitionist Sojourner Truth.
For instance, the breakthrough notion of states suing cigarette manufacturers for the recovery of public funds spent on tobacco-related medical expenditures didn't come from Mississippi Attorney General Michael Moore, but from a law-school friend of his, a small-town lawyer named Michael T. Lewis, who cold-called him with the idea.
It has previously been reported that in March 1995, in the First Lady's office on the White House grounds, a California entrepreneur named Johnny Chung, in order to gain presidential access for a delegation of Chinese businessmen, gave a $50,000 check to Hillary Clinton's then-chief of staff.
That column also quotes the suggestion of a Yale Law professor that given this trend, Congress ought to try to raise money for the Federal treasury by offering to name new tax provisions after donors.
Yesterday's WP revealed that more than $120,000 of the money Al Gore raised in those phone calls from his White House office ended up in an account for "hard money" subject to federal election laws, and today's Post leads with the news that this has prompted Janet Reno to authorize the initial stages of an investigation into Gore's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter.
As he put a question about agriculture to Bradley, Gore asked a member of the audience named Chris Peterson to stand.
Her daughter and Tony's sister, a sleazy ex-hippie named Pavarti, nee Janice, has shown up from Seattle, ostensibly to take care of her mother but more likely to scam off her brother.
Whatever makes you feel good--there's an associate of the Gotti crew named Steven "the Jew" Kaplan (no kidding).
Imperioli located humanity in Christopher at exactly two points last year: First, when the guy had an identity crisis over the fact that his murdered buddy was named on TV and he wasn't; and second, when he tried to help his girlfriend switch careers from cocktail waitress to music manager.
Today's Papers thinks this cries out for a new parlor game: Two random media businesses are named and contestants vie to connect them corporately in the fewest steps.
They defied the order," writes someone named Ken Shulman in an introductory essay) will rub off on the retail clothing chain.
(Means didn't answer Chatterbox's e-mail seeking more information about his bona fides, but the UT directory lists a senior in the engineering school named Jon Means with the same e-mail address.)
On the site's "Conception" page, the world's oldest father is identified as Leslie Colley, a retired Australian mineworker who sired a son named Oswald in 1992.
But that doesn't prevent him from recounting, on Page 53, the allegation of one Dennis Kirkland that Paula Jones "gave him a 'blow job'" and that he'd seen her "giving blow jobs to three of his friends, whom he named."
The planner, the delightfully named Nora Feely, also explains the drop-off in casino nights and events held on boats: "People are tired of being trapped."
Harvey Korman, Playing a Character Named Hedley Lamarr: (Irritably.)
Back then, my parents had just bought us a homicidal pony named Yankee, and while I was trying to ride him one day, he bucked me right over a three-rail fence.
(Actually, SBC's stock deserves to drop just on the basis of naming the DSL initiative "Project Pronto," but that's neither here nor there.)
Kohl claims he used the funds for legitimate "party-building" activities, but refuses to name a single donor to clarify the situation.
Kohl's refusal to name names is not illegal--the only illegality surrounding the funds was the party's original failure to disclose them.
Itzkoff is the named editor of a small series of scholarly books.
Unitas had no other NFL takers, so he played semi-pro football with a Pittsburgh sandlot team named the Bloomfield Rams.
As you know, I've found skating to be a worthy news subject--AIDS, pushy parents, eating disorders, you name it.
Their leader is named Arthur A. Coia . Coia is a major contributor to Democratic causes, and also has had extensive social dealings with the Clintons.
His successor, a geology professor named Emil Constantinescu, promised rapid privatization and protection for an independent media.
The Ramseys hired criminal-defense lawyers to represent them four days after the murder, even though they had not been named as suspects.
The Soviets, with their Luna program (1959), achieved the first solar orbit; the first impact on the moon; and the first photographs of the moon from a lunar orbit, which allowed them to map and triumphantly name geological features of the moon's far side.
The most famous example: In the '60s, Mossad agent Eli Cohen befriended Syrian President Amin al-Hafez and was nearly named Syria's defense minister.
After Elijah Muhammad's death in 1975, his son Wallace Deen was named his successor.
Alec especially worships Marlon Brando, quoting incessantly from On the Waterfront and playing Stanley Kowalski in the Broadway revival of A Streetcar Named Desire . Film critics like to gripe that none of the Baldwins has any range: They're character actors with leading-man bodies.
Stephen is married to a Brazilian artist named Kennya Deodato.
"Clovis-first" theories (named for an archaeological site in New Mexico), which hold that humans appeared here about 12,000 years ago, have been supplanted by evidence of seaside communities in Chile and the Pacific Northwest 30,000 or more years ago.
The Texas governor has championed favorite conservative issues--welfare reform and tort reform, to name two--and he's pushing a huge tax cut.
Also, a story chronicles the discovery of rock's Next Big Thing, a 15-year-old guitar phenom named Ben Kweller.
The cover story claims that an obscure Canadian businessman named Maurice Strong is the ringleader of a "creeping U.N. power grab."
The theory, propounded by an economist named Brian Arthur, annoys classical economists because it denies the principle that the best product always wins.
The suspected thieves are dead, and the suspected mastermind, an art thief named Myles Connor, is in jail.
The ravine where they live is named, appropriately, "Los Olvidados"--"the forgotten ones."
The once-conservative journalist atones for his 1993 American Spectator article on Bill Clinton's sexcapades, which mentioned a harassment victim named "Paula."
2) In 1995, Willey took revenge on a lover named Shaun Docking by faking a pregnancy and miscarriage and asking Steele to lie about it.
A corporate umbrella group named USA*Engage is lobbying fiercely and successfully against sanctions: In 1996, "23 sanctions were put in place; in 1997, only two countries ...
A Streetcar Named Desire
The Weekly Standard 's Philip Terzian on Walter Cronkite's memoirs: "Anyone tempted to romanticize the American people should be reminded that for nearly twenty years, 'the most trusted man in America' was a TV news reader with a mustache and mellifluous baritone named Walter Cronkite."
Diane Johnson ( The Shadow Knows , Lying Low ) updates Portrait of a Lady in a "comedy of manners" about an American film-school dropout named Isabel in Paris.
His evocation of Hong Kong is "full of sharp observations--on subjects ranging from politics to food to sex to servitude" (Dwight Garner, Newsday ). But his protagonist, a misanthropic businessman named Neville "Bunt" Mullard, is deemed poorly drawn.
, that Kennedy was blackmailed into picking LBJ as his running mate in 1960) and only thin evidence for others (many sources are anonymous, and some named sources claim they were misquoted).
Reviewers pan this mock-documentary about a director named Alan Smithee who destroys the negatives for his forthcoming film.
At 29, Danticat has been named one of Granta 's 20 best young novelists, had a short story collection ( Krik?
An official of the American Names Society says parents have stopped naming their daughters "Hillary " since 1992.
But he'll be best remembered for a line in Woody Allen's 1973 movie, Sleeper , about how civilization was destroyed when "a man named Albert Shanker got the bomb."
The betting now is that a counsel will be named, and will hound Gore for years.
The betting now is that a counsel will be named, and will hound Gore for years.
Justice Department officials predict that an independent counsel will be named to investigate Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt . This is likely, according to the Washington Post , because the dispute over whether Babbitt traded a decision on an Indian-casino license for Democratic-campaign money involves facts that the department can't resolve in its allotted three months.
Sports roundup: Michigan won the Rose Bowl and was named college football's best team in the sportswriters' poll.
Nebraska won the Orange Bowl and was named the best team in the coaches' poll.
Instead, the military immediately named Abacha's top defense aide, a fellow general, to succeed him.
The appalled Republican quoted in the magazine--but not named in the spot--is Newt Gingrich, who was then a backbencher in the House.
With a nod to another leading icon of cultural studies, Robertson and Dean suggest that "one refers to Julia Child's cooking, naming her expertise, but to Martha--as with Madonna--image is the product."
Twenty years of Cold War bickering over who gets to name certain disputed elements of the periodic table has ended in a compromise befitting the new world order--or almost.
In other cadaver news, a technique developed by a German anatomy professor named Gunther von Hagens, which allows him to preserve and study the body in detail, has occasioned protest.
Even Clinton-hater Kristol respects Clinton's accomplishment, gleefully suggesting that after Clinton is hounded out of office for witness tampering and obstruction of justice, President Al Gore should name him a peripatetic negotiator.
Other Diana news includes reports in the Times of London that, according to an opinion poll, Queen Elizabeth's annual Christmas Day broadcast is expected to have its largest-ever audience this week, despite years of declining interest; and that the names William and Harry, those of the princess's two sons, "rocketed in popularity" among Times readers naming their babies immediately after her death, while the popularity of the name Charles "dipped dramatically."
Thursday, the Telegraph carried a front-page report by its resident conservative conspiracy theorist, Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, that former White House Director of Special Projects and Special Needs Robyn Dickey had been "transferred abruptly to a job at the Defence Department after she was named as a long-standing lover of President Clinton in Paula Jones's sexual harassment lawsuit."
The German weekly Der Spiegel carried a story to the same effect, while Le Monde of Paris reported Sunday on its front page about another plan to murder a dictator (Hitler)--one for which a 25-year-old Swiss man named Maurice Bavaud was decapitated in Berlin in May 1941.
From Tuesday to Saturday, the publication is called Granma , the official organ of the Communist Party, named for that overcrowded boat in which Castro crossed to Cuba from Mexico in 1956.
Those curious about the alluringly named Señorita Sanguinetti were also left unsatisfied.
The warrant was issued on the initiative of an obscure, self-appointed guardian of family values, a lawyer named Anil Goel, who had objected to four films-- The Jigsaw Murders , Dance of the Damned , Stripped to Kill , and Big, Bad Mama --that were broadcast in November 1996, the newspaper said.
In addition to resolving the frontier crisis, Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori must also name a new prime minister.
All the papers decried the misleading warning--police cleared the area named in a phone call to the media, only to have the explosion occur at the evacuation point.
In the wake of its handling of the Marv Albert story, Friday's column asked the WP to clarify its policy on naming names.
The "Ombudsman" column says the policy is to not name "a person accusing another of a sex crime."
(The DOJ lawyers are defending their point of view in the Wall Street Journal 's "Washington Wire," saying the case against naming a special prosecutor is "pretty strong."
The lead story credits name twenty Post staffers.
The Post runs an AP dispatch revealing that a new biography of George Bush states that within days of naming Dan Quayle as his running mate in 1988, Bush wrote in his diary: "It was my decision, and I blew it, but I'm not about to say I blew it."
Also, it's the Post that has a named Israeli source saying it was Netanyahu himself who directed the assassination plan, and that makes it clear the U.S. was deeply involved in the post-botch negotiations resulting in Israel's surrendering of the antidote to the poison they used in the mission and in the release from prison of the spiritual head of Hamas.
The LAT front covers what it calls the unexpected departure of its editor, Shelby Coffey, who is described in the piece by Mark Willes, the recently named publisher of the paper, as "a truly remarkable man and editor."
(She could, besides ending the investigation, also continue looking into it, or ask a court to name an independent counsel.)
The story contains at least one suggestion that the couple had a deep need to get caught: they named their kids after the founders of the German Communist Party.
The LAT front reports that in 1995, a Clinton national security staffer named Sheila Heslin asked the CIA to provide intelligence on several U.S. citizens despite a presidential order banning the agency from doing so.
Once, at a concert in Los Angeles, she turned to the industry-heavy VIP section and threatened anyone who "fucked with" her former manager Janet Billig, who had just been named vice president of Atlantic Records.
It's odd to watch a woman who named her daughter for the notorious Hollywood rule-breaker Frances Farmer purring at a pat on the head from the Hollywood phonies she would formerly have laughed at.
As anyone who's tuned in a weather forecast this month knows, "El Niño"--"the child," as in "the Christ child"--was so named by Peruvian fishermen who noticed the warming of the waters of the eastern Pacific around Christmastime.
In the spring, Time named him one of the "25 Most Influential People" of 1997.
To hear critics tell it, Times Mirror CEO Mark Willes, who just named himself publisher of the Los Angeles Times , is of that ilk.
The man who imprisoned Pol Pot is a one-legged Khmer Rouge general named Ta Mok.
He and his law partner, an equally pugnacious lawyer named Peter Neufeld, handled a case where prosecutors carelessly used DNA evidence to railroad a suspect.
In 1897, for example, a girl named Virginia O'Hanlon wrote a letter to the New York Sun : Her friends had told her that Santa Claus didn't exist.
It's notable that none of the seven New York Democratic operatives I talked to could describe her ideology or name her pet causes.
In 1994, when Sharon Stone took up with a producer named Bill McDonald, McDonald's wife Naomi Baka took refuge with Eszterhas and his wife of 24 years.
Edgar Sr. deplores the assimilation of Jews as a "silent Holocaust," but he barely observes the Jewish religion, married three non-Jews, and named his son after himself, a major Jewish no-no.
Newhouse Jr. also declined to name Brown as The New Yorker 's president, a job she reportedly coveted.
Rap has always been a commercial affair, and there is a long history of hip-hop entrepreneurs--Def Jam's Russell Simmons and Rick Rubin; Death Row's Suge Knight; Bad Boy's Puff Daddy, Master P's chief rival, to name a few--but there may not have been anyone with better business instincts than Master P.
Some of them are named after mobsters: Gambino Family, Goodfellas, Li'l Gotti.
Further, witness the proliferation of '80s teen movies valorizing nerds: Revenge of the Nerds , Weird Science , and Real Genius , to name a few.
(They named the company for mother Miriam and father Max, a diamond cutter.)
In 1993, Fortune magazine named them among the 70 toughest bosses in America.
Many years ago, when farm subsidies were still something of a novelty, an Iowa representative named H.R.
Or consider the "widow's cruse" theory of wages and employment (named after an old folk tale).
And what about what we might call the Rauch-Reich test (so named for Jonathan Rauch's
Gould doesn't name names.
Here he can name names--or, at least, one name.
For example: Back when Loving Bob was 6 years old, if his mother was nursing some infant named Bill and sleeping by its side every night, there's a very good chance that Bill was Bob's sibling.
Recently, three economists named Harold Cole, George Mailath, and Andrew Postlewaite (for whom I will use the collective abbreviation CMP) have proposed a compromise between the two theories: On the one hand, people do not care directly about their relative positions in the wealth distribution.
Ten years ago, an economics professor named Randall Wright resigned from his job at Cornell and drove his Dodge Daytona Turbo down to Philadelphia to begin teaching at the University of Pennsylvania.
While Wright was puzzling over these discrepancies, a Penn graduate student named Eric Smith was involved in an auto accident.
Two hundred years ago, a lawyer named William Blackstone said it's better for 10 guilty people to go free than for one innocent person to suffer.
Katz's fury against the Mediaphobes is impressive; yet, only rarely does he name those conspiring to deny him and his cyberweeny buddies their maximum media liberty.
Big business has wagered hundreds of billions of dollars on the development of high-tech, low-cost media technology--broadband services, satellites, encryption technology, miniaturized computers and communications devices, you name it--that is largely impervious to the Bennetts and Gores of this world.
Another indemnifying exit strategy is to claim that you're seeking "new opportunities," without naming them.
Proponents of the ingeniously named California Civil Rights Initiative, which would forbid all state government affirmative-action policies, routinely invoke the sentence from King's "I Have a Dream" speech looking forward to the day his children would be judged not by the "color of their skin" but by "the content of their character."
Mount Rainier is named for Peter Rainier, a British admiral and enemy of the United States who never sailed these waters.
And the Strait of Juan de Fuca is named for a Greek navigator who likely never existed at all.
Undoubtedly, it brings good luck to local seafarers, many of them named Thor, Einer, or Ole.
We name beers and baseball teams after it, which gives you some idea.
The class leader, a loan officer named Vince, spent three sessions explaining how none of us would ever, ever own a home.
Through a co-worker's recommendation, we acquired a hippie realtor named Lynn, who could read the energy of a house.
Austin Room (these days B-and-B rooms are named, not numbered), I opened my book to read and out fluttered the chant.
A decade ago, the editor of this publication staged a contest in another publication to name the then-burgeoning Iran-Contra scandal.
(So why didn't we name it Slate Navigator ? We dunno.
I am just a guy named Bill being pursued by a gal named Janet.
I am just a guy named Bill being pursued by a gal named Janet.
Janet was also pursuing another guy named Bill, but he somehow or other put her off the scent.
What I want to know is, why does she have this vendetta against guys named Bill?
(Click to read the question--but in brief, it had to do with why one guy named Bill had managed to discourage unwanted pursuit by a gal named Janet, when another guy named Bill had not.)
(Click to read the question--but in brief, it had to do with why one guy named Bill had managed to discourage unwanted pursuit by a gal named Janet, when another guy named Bill had not.)
(Click to read the question--but in brief, it had to do with why one guy named Bill had managed to discourage unwanted pursuit by a gal named Janet, when another guy named Bill had not.)
As breathlessly reported in the new "Circuits" section of the New York Times , two twentysomething writers named Andrew Shapiro and David Shenk were "commiserating over lunch in Greenwich Village one day last summer" over "their problem."
Prudence, our advice columnist, has retired, and her column has been taken over by her niece, also named Prudence.
Some fellow named Gandhi out there.
Meanwhile, though, a Dole supporter named Simon Fireman is confined to his Boston apartment, where he wears an electronic collar and ponders the $6 million fine he must pay for enlisting his employees at Aqua Leisure Industries, a maker of inflatable pool toys, in a scheme to contribute $69,000 to the Dole campaign.
In 1992, for example, Republicans got contributions totaling $633,770 from a Japanese-American with Hong Kong connections named Michael Kojima.
In a small office in the West Wing of the White House, next to Press Secretary Mike McCurry, sits an intense, wiry political operative named Rahm Emanuel.
But as Guy Molineaux of Hart Research points out, "This year the gender gap has gotten to the point where all groups are trending Democratic--soccer moms, bowling moms, you name it."
More recently, Jackson helped Herman by lobbying Clinton to name her and not former Pennsylvania Sen.
At a rally in Washington in early April, a Broadway composer named Richard Adler sat down at the piano and declared, "I dedicate this medley of my songs to Senator Jesse Helms and to Newt Gingrich--to their destruction."
There has been no comparable poll about Newsweek 's report that Clinton "fondled" a woman named Kathleen Willey during a 1993 job interview in his office.
Hersh thinks Kennedy married a divorcee named Durie Malcolm in Palm Beach in 1947 and that the marriage lasted about 15 minutes.
It's hard to imagine the Progressive Policy Institute naming a "Vice-president for information marketing."
Starr himself could be fired by the attorney general--who, if she isn't worried about setting in motion an infinite regression, could name an independent counsel to investigate the independent counsel.
Lest anyone assume that Monica showed up at the Metropolitan Baptist Church that day to ogle the president, a source who asked not to be named says Lewinsky was spotted in the kitchen back at the Currie home in Arlington.
Eventually he was named ambassador to Germany.
The National Law Journal named him lawyer of the year in 1997.
Yates lost, and a freshman named Daniel Rostenkowski assumed his place as head of the delegation.
The British press has named it Cronygate.
One of the lobbyists was a callow and garrulous young man named Derek Draper who had been a close aide to Blair and his deputies.
On the tiny island nation of St. Kitts, a cocaine smuggler named Charles "Little Nut" Miller threatened to murder American veterinary students at the island's university unless the United States dropped its efforts to extradite him.
Some may see a latent liberalism (in today's sense) in USA Today 's editorial line: its espousal of gun control or publicly financed elections (to name to editorial positions taken by the paper in recent weeks).
Just at the moment when Harvard, Yale, and Princeton have presidents named Rudenstine, Levin, and Shapiro, those institutions are widely suspected of having informal ceilings on Asian admissions, of the kind that were imposed on Jews two generations ago.
As chairman of the suitably named Phoenix Pictures, he is once more making films, including one that might win an Oscar, The People vs.
They programmed computers to scour Genesis for ELSs naming 32 famous rabbis and their dates of birth or death.
If the phenomenon were due to chance, the authors reasoned, they would be as likely to find an ELS naming Rabbi X near one identifying the birthday of Rabbi Y as they would be to find Rabbi X near his own birthday.
But so far, the only serious challenge to the published work comes from an Australian mathematician named Brendan McKay, who has replicated the experiment and claims to have found defects.
Inside I met an old codger named Clifford Beare, who had recently retired from the Jeff Davis County sheriff's department.
Checkers masters stared down their Armageddon a few years ago, when a powerful computer program named Chinook forged a tie with the second-best checkers player in the world, Don Lafferty.
For although I am Chinese-American and thus a "person of color," I am also this: child of the suburbs, product of mostly white schools, junior officer of the overclass, skeptic of hard-core multiculturalism, friendly with many minorities but friends with few, never once the victim of blatant discrimination, husband now of a woman named Haymon.
But we should first acknowledge that it is white race-consciousness--never quite named as such in our popular discourse--that begets the compensatory identities of nonwhite Americans.
Josephus attributes the argument to an Egyptian named Manetho who, in a counter-version to the Book of Exodus, asserted that the Hebrews weren't led out of Egyptian bondage by Moses.
Kennedy was still attorney general but was pressing to be named Johnson's running mate in that year.
Sun Microsystems has developed a computer programming language named Java, designed so that programs written in it would run on any computer, regardless of the operating system.
On March 22, 1994, the Molten Metal CEO donated $50,000 to help endow a chair at the University of Tennessee to be named after Gore's deceased sister.
In the browser wars, Microsoft faces a formidable array of opponents--Sun and Oracle, to name just two--and, after two years, it still lags behind Netscape even though IE generally gets better reviews than Navigator.
Your book, like the Cassidy article, didn't just tell the story of Brian Arthur; it also painted a picture of the economics profession, its intellectual bigotry and prejudice, which happens to be a complete fabrication (with some real, named people cast as villains) that somehow someone managed to sell you.
In the original, Reich is set up by his host and then ambushed by a hostile questioner named John, and when he tries to answer with an eloquent Mr. Smith speech ("My fist is clenched.
Second: One-third of the gift is to be earmarked for a fine-arts center to be named in honor of Paul R. Cramer, the school's headmaster for 19 years who retired in 1994.
6. $10 million to MARQUETTE UNIVERSITY (Milwaukee) from an alumnus and his family for a new library that will be named after Father John Raynor, the university president who died in November 1997.
Do three anonymous sources with unknown biases outweigh one obviously interested but named party?
The deal talks, worked out in only three weeks in the city's appropriately named Mandarin Hotel, were carried out in utter secrecy.
The new institution, which might as well have been named TitanicBank, will be the United States' largest, with $570 billion in assets.
In 1928, he bought a small New York bank whose twin claims to fame were that it had been founded in 1812 and was named "Bank of America."
The next you heard of her was when a Newsweek reporter (I wouldn't name him specifically) showed up in your office saying she was naming you as someone who would corroborate that she was sexually harassed.
The next you heard of her was when a Newsweek reporter (I wouldn't name him specifically) showed up in your office saying she was naming you as someone who would corroborate that she was sexually harassed.
The next time I heard of her was when a Newsweek reporter showed up in my office saying she was naming me as a someone who would corroborate that she was sexually harassed by the President.
12, code named "Manolo"), and the president gazed at her with a wild, hungry passion (Lewinsky diary, Page 136).
Everybody has heard about Moore's Law , named after an Intel founder, which holds that the power of CPUs doubles every 18 months.
There's a corresponding bandwidth law, named after its discoverer, right-wing techno-utopian George Gilder , which states that bandwidth triples every 12 months.
The cleverly named Silicon Valley start up @Home promises 30 million bits per second of bandwidth through cable-TV lines . Theoretically, @Home can deliver a
As secretary of state in 1984, he named me to be a consultant on the economic problems of Israel.
I first met Nixon on Dec. 18, 1968, after his first election, when he was about to name me a member of the CEA.
Drudge names Monica Lewinsky as Clinton's alleged paramour.
That first sale, the product of Warren Avis' fear that he couldn't expand the company fast enough to keep up with the postwar reinvestment boom, was to a private financier named Richard Robie.
Each group named itself--one the Eagles and the other the Rattlers.
(Republicans named it the "Defense of Marriage Act," framing gays as the aggressors.)
This only proves another unwritten rule: Never, ever hire a personal assistant named Tiffany.
The women named included aides, wives of major supporters, executives, reporters, beauty queens, barflies, and even a judge."
Randall tells the Enquirer the baby, Jefferson, is named after 19 th century comic actor Joseph Jefferson but does not say if Randall actually attended any of the actor's performances.
Also, three weeks after the murder, a bookkeeper at a Boulder hardware store notified police that a man named John had called wanting copies of receipts for purchases charged by Patsy Ramsey.
According to the AutoParser, this means, "I will never again look at a woman named Anyone Else."
A federal judge, also named James Ware, had to give up a promotion to the appellate bench the other day, when it turned out that the dramatic story he'd been telling for years about his martyred brother actually happened to someone else.
' Although the real answer may be: 1) America's teen-agers; 2) financially independent lipstick lesbians; or 3) roving bands of youths--I refuse to give a legitmate response to any 'fill-in-the-blanks' that involve any human being named 'Buffy Shutt.
On the other hand, can you name a Paul McCartney album from the last 15 years?
It has been widely reported that a woman named Julie Steele now says Willey asked her to falsely claim that she was told by Willey about the incident not long after it happened.
Their eldest daughter, ironically named Unity (Stanley and Hilda were divorced on her seventh birthday), stares accusingly out of the wonderful portrait Hilda, Unity and Dolls (1937).
Taylor didn't have time to manage the details of the ARPANET project, and hired one particularly brilliant graduate student named Larry Roberts to do it for him.
He romps with Renata, and then with a 20-year-old waitress named Carrie, who is so eager to have sex with a man 40 years her senior that she begs for it.
Nelson was probably destined for politics from the start, when he was named after his mother's father, Sen.
In the guise of a lorgnette-waving, muff-carrying, white-gloved creature named Miss Manners, Judith Martin, a reporter for the Washington Post , launched an etiquette column in 1978.
The two he names are environmental protection and education.
Graham's aptly named book crosscuts between the engrossing social history of her life and times--populated by the likes of Marie Curie, Edward Steichen, Auguste Rodin, Thomas Mann, Bernard Baruch, Walter Lippmann, FDR, Truman Capote, LBJ, Jessica Mitford, Scotty Reston, Emperor Hirohito, Bill and Babe Paley, and Richard Nixon--and her agonizing personal history.
As an ex-Soviet spy and the man who kicked off the internal Cold War by naming a group of high government officials as fellow spies, he was certainly the instigator of a national panic.
Most of those Chambers and others named initially took the Fifth Amendment before HUAC (though they confessed to the FBI shortly after).
At one point, he even planned to name a character in his novel Deception --a hideous, dowdy actress and an "ever-spouting fountain of tears"--Claire.
Last year a conservative writer named Richard Brookhiser published a biography, titled Founding Father: Rediscovering George Washington , which made the point that Washington, by keeping in mind his carefully inscribed numbered Rules throughout his momentous life, conducted himself correctly in all the Little Ways (no bedewing of others with Spittle, Hats properly Doffed, and so forth), which led to right conduct in the Big Ways, too, thus to political and military triumph.
John Lewis Gaddis, the most eminent of America's Cold War historians, has taken a risk by naming his book We Now Know . For, the big surprise of the opening of so many of the Soviet, Chinese, and Eastern European archives is that we have learned so little that seriously alters the known contours of the 45-year confrontation.
Andy and Halston and Truman are dead, along with an alarming percentage of those named in Haden-Guest's index.
The greatest and holiest is named after Peter; it is a place of great splendor in Rome.
The novel itself, Roth's fulmination against American innocence, is mostly a portrait of a single personage, a New Jersey ladies'-glove manufacturer named Seymour Levov, "the Swede"--a husband and father of exasperating conventionality, serene, handsome, athletic, bland, shallow, a man who seems to have been extracted, as if by a blender, from the onion-and-garlic world of the immigrant Jews, until every last hint of taste and texture have finally disappeared.
According to many witnesses, the chief conspirator repeatedly named the mass murder of Jews on the Eastern front as the regime's ultimate crime.
And in churlish retrospect, I began to wonder how much we really needed to be told that Clare's first pet was a fluffy chick named Pip that lived "only a short time."
After Ann left William (whose once-promising career as a salesman had devolved into an impecunious one as a roving violinist), she hooked up with a wealthy Jewish tire tycoon named Joel Jacobs.
A young woman named Ruth Simon suffers from it, and the narrator, her boyfriend Joseph Zimmerman, is on an all-consuming quest to understand and cure it.
Rosen provides him with a teacher, too, a lapsed psychoanalyst named Dr. Ernest Flek who discourses more definitively.
In the passage that follows, she recalls the summer she was 13, living on a kibbutz, dying to sneak off and make out with a forbidden Irish boy named Devin.
The kidnap victim whom we get to know best is a prize-winning journalist named Maruja Pachón, about whom García Márquez says, in the English translation, "In the bloom of her early thirties, she had married in the Catholic Church at the age of nineteen, and had given her husband five children."
Bunt, struck by a belated attachment to his native Hong Kong, falls in love with an employee named Mei-ping.
Bunt is named for an elder brother who died in infancy, and both Betty and Bunt seem to feel that he is only a stand-in for his predecessor.
He's hospitalized by chimp paramedics, and held for observation by a trendy, controversial chimp psychiatrist named Dr. Busner.
In "The Jewbird," a melancholy black bird named Schwartz lands on the balcony of a New York family and insists on being taken care of--a sad nuisance of a talking bird, fleeing God knows what tragedies (the bird says, "Gevalt , a pogrom!"
). A "Talking Horse," in the story of that name, turns out to be a half-man or centaur named Abramovitz, cruelly disguised as an authentic horse and forced to entertain circus audiences with pathetic jokes.
He devoted a number of his later stories to an artist named Fidelman who goes to live in Italy, which move occasions all kinds of theorizing about art and its meaning.
After prolonged coaxing by McParland, Orchard confessed to Steunenberg's murder--and, with the clear impression that he could save his own neck by naming others, he went on to implicate three executives of the Denver-based Western Federation of Miners, one of whom, William D. ("Big Bill") Haywood, had co-founded an even more notorious organization, the Industrial Workers of the World.
The first of these is a small town named Worcester, where Coetzee spent part of his childhood and where nothing grows.
Her fictional heroines can name every indignity they've been subjected to since birth, and because they are usually bright young women from troubled families in poor island backwaters such as Antigua or Dominica, their list of injuries is long.
The New York Times had just printed proof, leaked by a disgruntled Department of Defense analyst named Daniel Ellsberg, that the government had systematically lied to the American people about the Vietnam War.
They were pressured into leaving the country, testifying that they had done nothing, swearing they had never before heard of anyone named "Richard Nixon."
Resentment is narrated, like Another City , by a grumpy writer who lives at the Chateau Marmont hotel; at the same time, Dunne himself appears as a character, as a columnist-novelist named Fawbus Kennedy who is variously called "the kind of nothing this culture has been moving toward for decades," a "third-rate middlebrow Depends ad," and a "pompous mediocrity of a type unprecedented and decidedly unwelcome in this kind of grave proceeding."
The first and most influential trickster was an adman named Bill Bernbach, whose famous campaign for the VW Beetle began in 1960.
When he started out in show business, he was something of a lefty, living briefly on a quasisocialist commune in New Jersey, sending money to striking Mexican lettuce pickers, and naming Stalin and Gandhi as his favorite human beings in a survey in 1933.
Rather than try to launch a new exegesis, I want to name a few simple technical devices with which Stevens makes his verbal music.
But they are almost certainly based on the founders of a very real town called Langston, Okla., settled by Negroes in 1890 and named for the black educator and Reconstruction congressman, John M. Langston.
Before running away from home in Newark, N.J., to the Catholic home--known locally as the Convent--for instance, a character named Mavis allows her twin infants to smother to death in the family car.
Joe instinctively sprints to the balloonist's aid, as do four other men who happen to witness the event: two farm laborers; a motorist named John Logan; and Jed Parry, a day-tripper from London.
In 1963, Time named him Man of the Year, praising his leadership in the Birmingham desegregation protests that made him "the unchallenged voice of the Negro people--and the disquieting conscience of the whites."
So at first glance, when you consider how steely Conley had to be to rise in the field, the event that provoked her to leave sounds pretty innocuous: A colleague named Gerry Silverberg got promoted to be head of the program.
Then she naively sent a rambling op-ed piece to the San Francisco Chronicle , outlining--in general terms, naming no names--the sexist atmosphere at Stanford.
What I do know is that the story made for a fun read: A 35-year-old Londoner named Rob with the maturity level of a high-school junior dumps his girlfriend and retreats to his pathetic job in a music shop.
His cruel streak extended to the woman he married, a beautiful physics student named Alicia who was awed by this "genius with a penis."
appears to be making much money, yet scores of insurgent companies--Excite, AOL, Amazon.com, Virtual Vineyards, Auto-by-Tel, TheStreet.com, and eBay, to name a few--continue to massage the medium, attract serious investors, and lay the substructure for the inevitable: an Internet economy.
The lazy, vegetating existence in the depths of a moral and mental bohemia; the fundamental arrogance which thinks itself too good for any sensible and honorable activity, on the ground of its vague intuition that it is reserved for something else--as yet quite indefinite, but something which, if it could be named, would be greeted with roars of laughter.
The comedic quirk of Mann's essay--written at a time when laughing back at Hitler still counted for something--is that Hitler is never named.
It will titillate you with red-hatted mind readers and sexy phone calls, oozing pols and hot dreams, ill-omened houses and unwaveringly plastic characters named Nutmeg and Cinnamon.
Hanging over the overwrought whole are an overcast sky and an elusive "wind-up" bird--so named for its creeeak, creeeak song, which nauseates and dooms the select few who hear it.
But the plots have evolved to an abstract level--a kind of metaphorical mist--and Scarpetta has acquired two archenemies: Temple Gault, an evil-genius, white-trash skinhead, and his accomplice, an attractive young psychopath named Carrie Grethen.
Temple and Carrie are cartoon meanies who hate Scarpetta for no apparent reason; they're about as Dickensian as a satanic clown doll named Chuckie.
An example--not to be cruel, but just to show what I'm getting at--could be seen at the New York Philharmonic debut, a couple of months ago, of a violinist named Frank Peter Zimmermann, from Germany.
For his first film, A Streetcar Named Desire (1951), North wrote Hollywood's first jazz soundtrack, the musical embodiment of New Orleans' moist, hot nights.
Take North's celebrated score for A Streetcar Named Desire : The score's brilliance lies in the way the languorous New Orleans jazz, redolent of sin, plumes out of the dive up the street from the Kowalskis', curls along the block, and squeezes itself through a radio.
Forty years ago, when artists still believed in progress, two revolutionary young composers named Luciano Berio and Krzysztof Penderecki undertook a musical purge.
In a landmark 1968 work, the wryly named Sinfonia , Berio made a musical palimpsest, thickly layering his new music and a jumble of spoken words over the foundation of a Mahler symphony.
It needs a woman inside it, preferably the one for whom it was made--not named in this case.
Among the named original owners, the most palpably present in her clothes was Catherine Deneuve, whose magnetic and statuesque beauty was easy to imagine inhabiting these sweeping YSL evening dresses.
As Gelmis remembers it, the expression comes up in exchanges that occur after a prisoner named Rocky has precipitated a riot:
An eponym, of course, is a word that has been formed from the name of a person, place, or thing ( eponumos is a Greek word meaning "named on").
Late last year, the Los Angeles Times profiled a local undertaker named Roberto Garcia: "While the profits are nice, Garcia says the most fulfilling part of his job is helping families establish a sense of closure."
The news that scientists in Scotland have successfully cloned an adult female sheep, bringing forth a young female named Dolly, has raised questions of considerable public urgency, the most troubling of which in my own mind is: Dolly?
Or at least it was, until a man named Edward R. Tufte began to publish his work about the display of information in the early 1980s.
A milliwarhol , or about nine-tenths of a second of fame, might appropriately be named after the tyke whose rescue became a brief focus of attention last summer after he fell through the hole of an outhouse.
Their task: To ask people on the street if certain well-known phrases from the Bible--not identified as such, of course--struck them as being in any way familiar; and, if the phrases were familiar, to ask the respondents to name the provenance.
In England, a citizens' lobby called the Plain English Campaign, led by a former housewife named Chrissie Maher, has sought since 1971 to make English laws and regulations more straightforward.
In Toronto, a doomed utopian named Ted W. Kulp has tirelessly promoted his version of Plain Language, to which he gives the name "Kanadan."
In Donnie Brasco , Pacino has been cast as a sad little Mafia second-rater named "Lefty" Ruggiero, who boasts repeatedly of having "clipped" 26 guys, yet is always passed over for promotions within the "family."
Change "fiction" to "movies," and the same formula can apply to David Cronenberg, whose best work ( Videodrome , Dead Ringers ) is as disturbing as any avant-garde literature you care to name, even as it has been commercially viable.
Matthew McConaughey--who plays Ellie's love interest, the ridiculously named Palmer Joss, a former priest who is now the respected author of a best-selling book about "faith" and "meaning," and who, though still in his 20s, is a trusted adviser to the president--thrusts out his lower jaw like a calendar pinup while delivering such lines as "I'm not against technology, I'm against the men who deify it at the expense of human truth!"
At the start, the camera glides over Manhattan into New Jersey while a narrator (Robert De Niro, who turns out to be an Internal Affairs cop named Mo Tilden) informs us that New York City policemen have always dreamed of living outside the metropolis itself, "where the shit couldn't touch 'em," and that Garrison was such a refuge--a city on a hill, with a large population of cops, no minorities, and almost no crime.
While driving drunk back to Jersey, his nephew, a cop named Babitch (Michael Rapaport), gets sideswiped on the bridge by a couple of stoned rastas.
Eddie goes for his audition, which turns out to be sex on Jack's couch with a pretty but inappropriately cheerful runaway, Rollergirl (Heather Graham), so named because she lives her whole life on skates.
Aside from Weaver, there's another wild card--Winona Ryder as an enigmatic character named Annalee Call, who comes on board the station with a team of smugglers and an agenda of her own.
Because a Martin Scorsese epigone named Paul Thomas Anderson announced a film on the subject of L.A. porn--because he promised to show some dick--he was celebrated as a poetic chronicler of subcultures.
Meanwhile, better-than-average studio films--I'd name Titanic and The Devil's Advocate --are picked apart by highbrow critics, even by those who admitted enjoying them.
It has to do with the kidnapping of the young wife of a millionaire (also named Lebowski) and debts owed to a porn impresario.
Turturro is wasted as a bowler named Jesus, a convicted pedophile in Spandex.
Lala Bonilla (Rosario Dawson), the amusingly named Delilah dispatched to seduce the young star, gets a monologue near the end in which she justifies her actions on socioeconomic grounds.
I was actually named Hankus because my mother ...
There's a Jewish tradition of naming kids after ...
HANKUS: Actually, my mother had to name me after a relative whose name started with an "H" and she didn't like any of the American names like Howard or Harry or any of that sort of stuff, so she got this name from a cartoon show, as a matter of fact.
FELDMAN: What cartoon had a character named "Hankus"?
FELDMAN: OK--the question is, "What famous cartoon horse is your son named after?"
spoke/typed a caller named Julia.
Ask a British schoolchild to name his favorite political party and you might be surprised.
(Plain-mystery by which your son is now named
A region of the world is named for you."
A gesture clearly suited to football's warlike nature, the Salute is named for Denver's Mile High Stadium.
In the '60s, an Englishman named Terence Conran opened a store in London called Habitat, selling what has come to be called "transitional" furniture--mixable pieces so neutral and inoffensive they could fit into any environment.
He had won 16 consecutive races and been named Horse of the Year twice in a row.
As it happened, a jumpy mare named Canada Miss had come onto the farm to breed this very morning.
Another teaser came out of the stud barn, this one named Dew.
I first suspected that Contact 's logic circuits might be fried when, early in the movie, Matthew McConaughey, as a roving Christian Zen master named Palmer Joss, strolls through a Costa Rican palapa nibbling from a box of Cracker Jack.
In this case, Denzel Washington plays a homicide detective named John Hobbes who pays a visit to a killer just before his execution.
Hobbes follows up on the Lyons-Spakowski riddle and--due in part to a much more responsive and comprehensive version of America Online than exists in reality--discovers that the killer's body had been possessed by the spirit of a dark angel named Azazel.
Most recently, a crackpot named William F. Pepper has convinced King's entire family that the U.S. government, including President Lyndon Johnson, .
He was replaced eventually by a brigadier general named La Fayette C. Baker, who recorded his exploits of derring-do in a memoir called The Secret Service in the Late War (1874)--the first in a long line of agents' kiss-and-tells (click for a brief review).
The assassination delayed things, and July 5, McCullough swore in the new service's first chief, the appropriately named William P. Wood.
The wonderfully named Pipilotti Rist, a Swiss who used to be in a rock band, makes--in the guise of commenting on racy music videos--what are essentially dull racy music videos.
The biggest cat is named Hem.
Along the way, Neal had married or maybe just kidnapped a Scandinavian-extracted girl from Kenosha named Inga.
In recent weeks, the British press has been filled with articles asking whether the inventor of Big Brother was a hypocrite for naming names.
The apparent point of the piece was not to challenge his reputation but rather to argue that those who named names before the House Un-American Activities Committee weren't so bad, since they did only what Orwell had done in a time of difficult choices.
Many of those on his list are people Orwell wrote against in the Tribune and in his "London Letter" for Partisan Review . There is no analogy to the behavior of those like Elia Kazan, who named names before House Un-American Activities Committee.
Orwell named enemies, not friends.
Those hoping to reduce costs run smack up against Baumol's Law, named for the economist William Baumol, who first elaborated it in a 1966 book titled Performing Arts: The Economic Dilemma . Baumol's Law says that in certain sectors, productivity cannot increase.
In the last few years, compelling research has been published about a new, AIDS-related virus named Human Herpes Virus 6 that suggests this virus may be more important in causing immune collapse in AIDS than HIV is.
Never having been to either West Lake Hills or Topanga, I can only go on the little Lemann gives us to grasp what makes a place "truly hip," but let me go ahead and see if I don't have the whole picture--uh, upper-class, white, Protestant children with dreadlocks, tattoos, and nascent heroin addictions playing in bad rock bands named after legendary 1970s TV sitcoms?
Names change--a man mentioned in a 1984 copy of the letter is named Carlo Daddit, then Carlo Laditt, then Andy Paddit, and by 1988 his name had mutated to Grodotit.
The allegations against Mayor Giuliani and President Clinton are not the contemporary equivalent of Gary Hart's videotaped escapades on the appropriately named Monkey Business . Do you remember the grainy video of Hart--stop motion, circle around Hart, circle around Rice, drinking, fun--that was broadcast for days on local and national news programs?
In Redmond, you people are charged only with the momentous decision of choosing whether to name new software programs "Three-Point-Three" or "Four-Point-Oh."
The original Winnie-the-Pooh was the mascot of a Canadian regiment, an actual living bear named for the city of Winnipeg.
And the fictional Winnie-the-Pooh was named for the real bear, a bear born in Canada who never relinquished his Canadian citizenship.
The public policy literature is filled with confused causal modeling and the use of flimsy, though grandly named, variables such as "socioeconomic status" that don't mean what the authors think they do.
) When a source can't be named, enough identification should be supplied so that the reader knows the source's potential bias.
Siskel gave Armageddon a "thumbs up" and named it his "flick of the week" on Sneak Previews .
Siskel named it his "Flick of the Week" not on television but in the Chicago Tribune , where he reviews one film a week at length.
We have not appeared on a program named Sneak Previews since 1982, which may offer a clue as to how carefully Weisberg watches Siskel & Ebert while forming his opinions.
Sometimes when a president does a terrible job we just name an airport after him.
An encounter in the school bathroom leads to an affair with a sinister classmate named Judas.
Joseph opposes naming his son Jesus, because people will thing he's a Mexican.
The Times of London reported Monday from Belgrade that a boa constrictor named Madeleine Albright in the city's zoo has been impregnated by another boa constrictor named Warren Christopher.
The Times of London reported Monday from Belgrade that a boa constrictor named Madeleine Albright in the city's zoo has been impregnated by another boa constrictor named Warren Christopher.
Opera-- A Streetcar Named Desire ;
A poll conducted among 800 British theater people for London's Royal National Theatre and reported in the Sunday Telegraph named Arthur Miller as the best playwright of the 20 th century.
Opera -- A Streetcar Named Desire ;
To name just one example, Hollings uses Thurmond's silence on the Lewinsky scandal to excuse his own silence.
Or: What's the difference among all these journalists named Broder?
Alexis M. Herman ran this effort so well that she was later named secretary of Labor.
Opera -- A Streetcar Named Desire ;
The Sunday Mirror, in the serialization of a book by Diana's "close confidante" Simone Simmons, said this week that she had mutilated her body with a fork, wanted to run off to South Africa with a heart surgeon named Hasnat Khan, and voted 250 times against the monarchy during a televised debate about its future by pressing the redial button on her mobile phone.
The same goes for the ghetto-bred college football star named Fareek Fanon (in unsubtle hommage to Frantz Fanon, the French intellectual who championed anti-colonial violence in the 1950s).
A story follows a Montana punk band named Sputnik on its shoestring-budget tour of small clubs.
He and his Las Vegas allies, a former Las Vegas city councilman named Steve Miller and an inner city venture capitalist named Otis Harris, invite me on a tour of Las Vegas.
John Glenn, Chelsea Clinton, Oprah Winfrey, Billy Graham, Peter Jennings, and Whitney Houston were also named.
Republicans plan to name Rep.
After screening 500 scents, his team selected a fragrance they named "Madeleine," after Paris' most noisome station.
The one who has my dander up--pardon the animal metaphor--is a man named David Duffield from my hometown, San Francisco.
Meanwhile, Britain's Sunday Times names the Cuban trade union weekly Trabajadores "Scrooge of the week" for its lack of Christmas spirit.
The once powerful news organization, whose principal owner is Sheik Walkid al-Ibrahim, a brother-in-law of King Fahd of Saudi Arabia, has just named its sixth president since 1992, Arnaud de Borchgrave.
The company, which is now traded publicly, was started in 1980 by a psychologist named Stephen Gordon, who was restoring a Queen Anne-style house in Eureka, Calif., and found it maddeningly difficult to locate the period-style fixtures he needed.
(Sragow unfashionably named it the best film of the year in SF Weekly .) You could wait for video, but if you can find Pig in the City playing anywhere on a big screen--an hour away, in a strip mall, only at 2 p.m., in the middle of a blizzard--see it, because you'd have to go back to the silents to find its like visually, and no silent picture could have had this kind of soundtrack.
Other undoubtedly innocent companies named in the suit--Associated Merchandising Corp., Cutter & Buck, Dayton-Hudson, Dress Barn, Gymboree Manufacturing, J. Crew, Jones Apparel Group, Lane Bryant, The Limited, May Department Stores Co., Nordstrom, OshKosh B'Gosh, Sears Roebuck & Co., and Warnaco.
Edmund Ross was a little-known newspaperman with no political experience when the governor of Kansas named him to fill a vacant Senate seat in July 1866.
Six months later, Ross won re-election with the financial help--some believe bribes--of a businessman named Perry Fuller.
David Makovsky, diplomatic correspondent of Ha'aretz , wrote Wednesday that Israeli officials want King Hussein's brother, Crown Prince Hassan, to remain next in line to the Jordanian throne, despite speculation that the king, under pressure from Queen Noor, might name their 19-year-old son, Hamza, as the next monarch.
With the raptured Christians gone, everyone else--including dud Christians who have been judged unworthy, Jews, Muslims, atheists, New Agers, pagans, you name it--will be left behind to duke it out with the Antichrist and his gruesome legions.
Where could we possibly find a better named publisher than Rogers Weed?
It makes you wonder why anyone could name a product the "Garden Weasel" or why Lamar Alexander thinks he has a shot at the White House.
For decades, Kazan has been reviled as the most notorious of those who "named names"--identified Communists working in Hollywood--before the House Committee on Un-American Activities.
In recent years, both the American Film Institute and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association have turned Kazan down for honors that no one disputes are merited by his films, which include East of Eden and A Streetcar Named Desire . But this time the vote in Kazan's favor was unanimous.
Since the committee already knew the names it wanted, "naming names" was a loyalty test and humiliation ritual, not part of a real investigation.
The names included Odets, who subsequently named names himself, and several actors since forgotten, in part, perhaps, because they were blacklisted.
After all, Odets gave HUAC the same names, as did Lewis Leverett, another Group Theater alumnus whom Kazan named.
But many others who named names did so under ostensible protest, or later castigated themselves publicly for crawling before the committee.
The  Economist 's survey of rising young stars in the economics profession found that this decade's hot young economists are the same people it named to the list 10 years ago.
In order to name winners, the ISU needs a scoring system to amalgamate the judges' opinions into a single ranking.
In his otherwise useful and accurate analysis of the issues involving Elia Kazan's honorary Oscar, "," Jacob Weisberg perpetuates the myth that Hollywood has for decades been punishing Kazan by withholding laurels that would have been his had he not named names.
If you beat the pros to a solution, we will name it after you, and you'll be immortalized in this little corner of cyberspace.
Limbaugh--a fat man named Rush.
The Wall Street Journal published 20-year-old rape allegations against Bill Clinton . The story has circulated for months, but this is the first time a major newspaper has named the alleged victim, Juanita Broaddrick, and has detailed her allegations.
The winner named in October will receive about $965,000, a gold medal, a diploma, and the knowledge that he's done as much for peace as Henry Kissinger.
The fifty-five economists participating in the paper's latest semiannual forecasting survey named the Asian crisis as the major threat facing the U.S. economy and hold that it will hit here during the next six to nine months in the form of slower production and reduced employment.
The WP 's "Reliable Source" column reports that both Chelsea Clinton and Monica Lewinsky were named to a list of "non-anorexic achievers" put out by Lane Bryant, the plus-sized women's clothing company.
Equally coveted is the sexy Y2K logo (named for the millennial computer bug).
The metro edition features an off-lead reporting that the departing head of Justice's look at the matter has concluded in a report to Reno that an independent prosecutor should be named to investigate further.
I Just Met a Girl Named Lewinsky
Johnson has to do is read today's USAT , which names the child and the couple who had been raising her thinking she was theirs.
The Times also names Uganda and Malaysia, but refers only to a several-hours evacuation at the Swaziland embassy in response to a bomb threat.
The WP reports that officials have made the first two arrests in the Tanzania embassy bombing case and that a third suspect (two are already in custody) has been named in the Nairobi case.
Although, notes the NYT , this one's more personal, naming Clinton as the principal subject.
The off-lead at the LAT , the WP and NYT , which USAT plays on the front below the fold, is Boris Yeltsin's decision to name Yevgeny Primakov, his current foreign minister, as his new prime minister.
Instead, the surprise winner is an "ultranationalist" named Poplasen.
In a 1954 book titled Seduction of the Innocent , a psychologist named Fred Wertham attacked the sadistic violence and sexual deviance portrayed in comic books.
In 1994, a Southern preacher named Joseph Chambers tried to get them banned under an old North Carolina anti-sodomy law.
Time 's peculiar cover story announces and names the new "femaleist" movement: biological feminism based on new research showing that women's bodies are "tougher, stronger, and lustier" than stereotype dictates.
And a player to be named later.
There's a guy named 'Lardy' at Brookings!
Random House's Modern Library chased the idea a few months later with its own list of the 100 best works of fiction of the century, and next month it promises to name the 100 best works of nonfiction . Last month, the Freedom Forum's Newseum compiled a roster of the 100 top stories of the century , and this week New York University's journalism department pegged the century's 100 best works of American journalism .
Before accepting O'Connor's resignation, the pope is expected to name a successor to Washington's Cardinal James Hickey.
The only fair way to give Kazan the award, he says, is to "print the names he named on the back of it."
59, inspired Michael Kinsley to  Slate  readers in naming the century's 100 Silliest Books Taken Seriously (By Serious People).
Ehrlich's theories lost steam after he lost a famous 1980 bet with economist Julian Simon, who wagered that any basket of resources Ehrlich might name would be cheaper at any date in the future.
His criteria come from Swiss psychiatrist Carl Jung by way of an American mother-daughter team named Katharine Briggs and Isabel Briggs Myers, who created the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator.
And it's named Nutkin!
This is perhaps the most prestigious dodge: the Powell Doctrine, named for Gen.
Michigan State University's Movimiento Estudantil Xicano de Aztlan (Chicano Student Movement) took 4,500 university library books hostage for a day and presented the administration with a list of demands that included asking the university to inaugurate a Hispanic studies major, hire more Hispanic faculty, introduce dormitory "culture rooms" devoted to Latino themes, and name a building after Cesar Chavez.
In Among Giants , another English romance in which freedom and security play footsie, the rover is a woman: an Australian "climbah" named Gerry (Rachel Griffiths) who joins up with a cowboylike crew of daredevil painters led by Pete Postlethwaite's Ray--they have 15 miles of mammoth electric towers to coat in a mere three months.
Watts would have been chosen to give the Republican response to President Clinton immediately after the 1994 election and to speak at the San Diego Convention in 1996--to name only a few of his honors and distinctions--if he happened to be white?
Can you name the schools that used the following slogans in recent magazine ads?
He is also part of the explosion of brilliant graphic work that began in the early 1980s and has so far produced an array of permanent contributions to American culture---the Hernandez brothers' Love and Rockets , Joe Sacco's Palestine , and Art Spiegelman's Maus , to name only a few.
These prognostications--divulged anonymously by "senior military officials" and "Pentagon planners" and "officers who know [the Joint Chiefs'] thinking but decline to be named"--represent a particularly demoralizing aspect of modern war-making: leaking as Pentagon policy.
A group called the League of Prizren, named for the Kosovo town where it met, lobbied for autonomy within the Ottoman Empire.
A long piece chronicles how a death row inmate from Arizona named Paris Carriger was exonerated with legal support from a small cadre of savvy East Coast friends.
In 1968, an alcoholic, mentally ill writer named Frederick Exley published a "fictional memoir" whose subject was American manhood as embodied by football great Frank Gifford.
According to the Star , Mia Farrow is adopting yet another baby, and she plans to name this one after her late former husband.
Both papers welcomed the fact that Pinochet's friends and supporters-- El País named Margaret Thatcher, Henry Kissinger, ex-President Bush, Sen.
incongruously riding A Streetcar Named Desire .
A Londoner named Slobodan Milosevic has protested to the British Press Complaints Commission about media persecution, according to the Daily Telegraph Saturday.
He picks his own candidate, a sweet, injured jock named Paul Metzler (the delightful Chris Klein), a kid so unlike Tracy that he can't even bring himself to check off his own name on the ballot.
It's named for a virtual-reality game that the characters play with "biopods"--living disk drives that plug into vaginal holes at the base of people's spines.
The last few publishing seasons have produced a stream of books about the major figures of postwar American foreign policy: James Chace on Dean Acheson; Kai Bird on McGeorge and William Bundy; William Bundy on Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger; Henry Kissinger on himself, to name a few.
A few years later, he named her ambassador to the United Nations.
Tuesday's Guardian of London carried a rare, perhaps unique, interview with a volunteer Serbian "cleanser," a 50-year-old Belgrade truck driver named Milan Petrovic, who recently spent 10 days in Kosovo helping to drive thousands of ethnic Albanians from their homes.
The new Whitney, run by a dapper fuddy-duddy named Maxwell Anderson, who came from the Art Gallery of Ontario, is just the opposite in almost every respect.
Going for him: 1) infectious charisma as seen at his terrific performance at the Grammys and which is constantly on display on MTV; 2) boyish good looks--he was named one of People 's "50 Most Beautiful People"; and 3) he's friends with Madonna.
Prudie wishes she could attribute the phrase to the proper person, but some clever soul named the bearers of implants "the balloon smugglers."
Whoever named your part of the world "down under" surely was not referring to the educational level of Prudie's Australian readers.
What kind of parents name a daughter "Vorey"?
If you were named "Vorey," wouldn't it compound your problems to marry someone named "Corey."
If you were named "Vorey," wouldn't it compound your problems to marry someone named "Corey."
The only dramatic interest comes from a young Tatooine slave named Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd), whom we know will grow up to father Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) and Princess Leia (Carrie Fisher) and then surrender to the dark side of the Force and become Darth Vader.
The chief villain, bombastically named Darth Maul, is a horned, red, Kabuki-style snake demon with orange pingpong-ball eyes who challenges the Jedi to a couple of clackety light-saber battles.
The game is published by the Microgame Co-op, a small operation run by a Canadian named Kerry Anderson.
It is named after Rich Wasserman of Kirkland, Wash.
When we encounter the young woman again, she has taken a job as the live-in domestic at a huge and crumbling Roman townhouse belonging to an English loner named Jason Kinsky (David Thewlis).
Stein's dubious miracle--a prerequisite to sainthood--was to "cure" a Boston girl named after her who overdosed on Tylenol in 1987.
A raw-skinned actor named John Aylward does a good job of making the warden--a malignly neglectful bureaucrat--recognizably human, and John Ashton plays the chief villain, a guard called Dacks, as a man whose cruelty arises out of an obsession with control: What makes him scary is his watchfulness.
The "100 Worst Ideas of the Century" are also named, including Prohibition, The Jerry Springer Show , Barney, and letting interns staff the White House during the government shutdown.
Dr. Evil dispatches a new henchman, a 400-plus pound kilt-wearing Scotsman named Fat Bastard (also Myers) to poke a long needle into the frozen Austin's crotch.
In 1967, an interracial married couple named Richard and Mildred Loving brought to the Supreme Court a suit against Virginia, claiming the right to live there.
The fortuitously named Loving decision took its place in law books, but not necessarily in practice.
It is impossible to name a single amusing movie that takes place beneath the waves.
And Prudie thinks the opportunists, I mean, young women, are named Randy, Brande, and Mandy ...
A dishy piece names the 10 worst bosses in Congress.
Kenneth Starr named Hillary Clinton as a potential witness in Webster Hubbell's trial.
Hillary Clinton had been named a potential witness in the trial.
7 It Happened Every Night for a Week --Velvet (Elizabeth Taylor) runs away from jealous father and must accept the help of a horse named Pie (Clark Gable), really an out-of-work reporter looking for a big story.
The film's dim protagonist is an Italian stud hairdresser named Vinnie (the distractingly Latino-looking John Leguizamo), who skips out on his pretty, ingenuous wife, Dionna (Mira Sorvino), at a disco to have sordid sex in a car with her cousin.
A mean boss named Biff routinely yelled hurtful things at me when I wrote indulgent, fat code, because his bosses wanted programs to load and work quickly.
You'll also see a lot more cool features, such as HTML mail and Preview Pane, to name but two.)
The pharmaceutical company that plans to market the drug won't name its manufacturers, lest pro-lifers hound them out of business.
You have nicely named our new era.
The president told Izvestiya that he has a successor in mind but will not identify him because "as soon as I name him, he won't be let live calmly, he will be henpecked."
The FT said that a plan to avert Armageddon has been demanded of the government by an opposition member of parliament named Lembit Opik, whose Estonian grandfather Ernst had an asteroid named after him.
The FT said that a plan to avert Armageddon has been demanded of the government by an opposition member of parliament named Lembit Opik, whose Estonian grandfather Ernst had an asteroid named after him.
Didn't Boutros-Ghali earn Rieff's undying scorn when he told the besieged Sarajevans he could name 10 places in the world where things were worse?
"Told an aide named Ickes to stop giving so many crazy ideas to his wife, goddammit."
Yet no sooner had Adams undertaken his pursuits as an attorney than his father, recently elected as the nation's first vice president, informed him that George Washington had named the young man minister to the Netherlands.
He unwisely fed the rumors and harmed his own reputation by naming Clay his secretary of state.
Recent months have seen him comment on the Kosovo bombing, ground troops, Rosa Parks, Independence Day, impeachment, and Al Gore's military service, to name a few topics.
This effusively named tax cut would, even after some cosmetic improvements to placate fiscal conservatives, likely absorb more than the total 10-year surplus.
T he specific group to which Halkin refers is the legendary (or notorious) "Revenge Group" organization founded in 1945 by a young, charismatic poet named Abba Kovner, who is at the center of a fascinating little chapter in the history of revenge killings.
Once left to talented--or not--amateurs, naming new products is now frequently the task of outside specialists.
"Wal-Mart's coup in being named 'Gun Supplier of Choice' by both the Crips and the Bloods."
"Les Moonves has been named president and CEO of every major competitor."
Can you name the mob that fomented each of these recent riots around the world?
You'd think that a city would be thrilled to name one of its streets after the most famous person who ever walked (or, in this case, took a midnight "jog") down it, but that's not how it works in Little Rock, Ark.
He plays Michael Felgate, an English executive for a Sotheby's-like New York auction house, who proposes to his girlfriend, a teacher named Gina Vitale (Jeanne Tripplehorn), and then discovers she's the daughter and niece of powerful crime bosses.
Suddenly forced to keep company with men named Vito and Vinnie, to bury a corpse beside the East River, and to make like a gangster with a voice that's a cross between John Wayne and Tweety Bird, the squeamish Englishman winces, bites his lip, bats his eyelashes, shrugs sheepishly, and looks--yes--adorably abashed.
and both named Michael!
Eleven tasters named a favorite beer.
Of the 11 naming a Worst beer, five chose Grolsch , the most expensive beer in the survey.
It tells the story of a poor Irish kid named Tim Dunphy who lives in Pawtucket, R.I., "a rotting city bleeding off an anemic river just north of Providence."
--Amusingly named British social scientist J. Mallory Wober assesses his country's reaction to the late Princess Di on her two year deathaversary.
Russians speculated about whether he will quit early and whether he will name Prime Minister Vladimir Putin as interim president or force an election.
In Paris, Le Figaro accused the United Nations of "letting Timor founder in chaos"; and Le Monde , calling it "an Asian Kosovo," named Portugal, Australia, and the United States as the countries which are morally obliged to form the kernel of a rapid intervention force "to stop Indonesia carrying out a new crime against humanity."
A gift was announced earlier this year from James E. Beasley to Temple University Law School as "the largest endowment in the history of [the university]" to the law school, which has been named the James E. Beasley School of Law in his honor.
Symonds had been hired in Morocco, where he fled in 1969 after being named as part of a ring of corrupt metropolitan police officers who had taken bribes.
Kodak named this executive vice chairman; later in the year, he announced his retirement.
They were asked to put each beer in its proper category--and to name a specific brewery and brand if they could.
The "surprising fact" that pops up in almost every Gen Y story is a survey in which teens named parents as their favorite role models.
(I would bet that every survey of teens taken since Cain and Abel found that they named parents as their favorite role models.)
At a high-school basketball game, Lester is transfixed by a blonde cheerleader named Angela (Mena Suvari), who is twirling alongside his daughter, Jane (Thora Burch).
The hairpin turns from farce to melodrama, from satire to bathos, are fresh and deftly navigated, but almost every one of the underlying attitudes is smug and easy: from the corporate flunky named "Brad" to the interchangeable gay neighbors (they're both called "Jim") to the brutally homophobic patriarch next door, an ex-Marine colonel (Chris Cooper) who has reduced his wife (the normally exuberant Allison Janney) to a catatonic mummy and his son, Ricky (Bentley), to a life of subterranean deception.
Can you name the candidate for each of these rallying cries?
Meanwhile, a previously apolitical 33-year-old housewife named Maggie Ray began convening local activists, black and white, pro- and anti-busing, to work out an alternative solution--and also endeared herself to the judge at a backyard barbecue.
In May, a Bush campaign lawyer named Benjamin Ginsberg filed a complaint against gwbush.com with the Federal Election Commission.
Passing for white was so common there that a section of Central Point had actually been named "Passing.
The core of their critique focuses on the manner in which the rabbis were named in the Witztum-Rips-Rosenberg paper.
He begins dating a 19-year-old named Lana and quickly becomes part of her circle: Lana's mother, a few female friends, and two ex-cons named John Lotter and Tom Nissen.
He begins dating a 19-year-old named Lana and quickly becomes part of her circle: Lana's mother, a few female friends, and two ex-cons named John Lotter and Tom Nissen.
(Sheriff Charles Laux, who is not named in the film, wanted to know why Brandon was masquerading as a man and asked him if he'd helped one of the rapists get an erection.)
But that doesn't impress the NYSHD's comically named spokeswoman Claire Pospisil.
A dark-eyed, sepulchral head case named Marla Singer (Helena Bonham Carter) begins showing up at all the same disparate meetings for essentially the same voyeuristic ends, and the presence of this "tourist" makes it impossible for Jack to emote.
An actress named Hilary Swank gives one of the most rapturous performances I've ever seen as the cross-dressing Brandon Teena (a k a Teena Brandon) in Kimberly Peirce's stark and astonishingly beautiful debut feature,  Boys Don't Cry . The movie opens with Teena being shorn of her hated female tresses and becoming "Brandon," who swaggers around in tight jeans and leather jackets.
"On that day, Russian scientists launched the first true space traveler, a chain-smoking dog named Laika, who, after befouling his kennel and biting his trainer on the ass, was rocketed aloft in a spacesuit filled with his own urine," it does not add.
The Australian reported Wednesday that scientists have discovered a dinosaur the size of a small gray kangaroo and have curiously named it "Qantassaurus intrepidus" after the Australian airline, Qantas.
I give the self-assessment; you name the self-assessed.
The movie starts with Pierce and his occasional partner, Larry (John Goodman), trudging to the top floor of a Hell's Kitchen brownstone, where a man named Burke has been in cardiac arrest for 10 minutes.
When we make dinner plans, we don't name restaurants; we list countries: Should we go for Thai?
The example of loyalty and principle: When he had just taken over as the chairman of President Nixon's Council of Economic Advisers, he hired a young staff economist named Ron Hoffman (brother of Dustin Hoffman).
His site, ronsangels.com (named after the 1970s' babe show Charlie's Angels ), invites visitors to "bid on eggs from beautiful, healthy and intelligent women."
And, of course, there is the obligatory religious imagery--the final frames present a classic Pietà, with Patricia Arquette (whose character is named Mary) cradling Cage, the man of sorrows, in her arms.
According to the New York Times , Toy Story animators screened reels of his work when their imaginations flagged, and writers for Star Trek named an alien species after one of his features.
And while Dietl stopped short of actually naming anyone, a teaser assured us that the following week the Star would reveal "who really killed JonBenet and why."
A breathless Keeping Tabs made it all the way to the end of the story, only to have Dietl, citing his lawyers' advice, wimp out without naming a soul--a decision that instantly shot him to the top of Keeping Tabs' public enemies list.
Kristine, this is like a parent being asked to name a favorite child.
When a sleek and derisive colleague named Maxine (Catherine Keener) rebuffs his advances and mocks his art, Craig argues passionately on behalf of his puppets: He says that everyone longs to be inside someone else's head.
Royce Gracie, a 180-pound Brazilian jujitsu specialist, was matched against a 275-pound beast named Dan Severn, one of the top heavyweight wrestlers in the world and a national champion many times over.
When Olympic gold medal wrestler Kevin Jackson came to the UFC, a fighter named Frank Shamrock KO'd him with a submission hold in 16 seconds.
The Pakistani daily Dawn put a positive spin on George W. Bush's failure to name the country's new military leader.
"Named his son Paige."
In the quiz, Bush had failed to name three of those leaders and had asserted that the leader of Pakistan, a general who had overthrown the country's elected government, recently "took over office … is going to bring stability to the country, and I think that's good news for the subcontinent."
The jocks who knew Bradley as an athlete failed to name anything he had accomplished in politics.
A fellow named Darryl Anka channeled an alien named Bashar for many years, and Bashar, though wise, didn't really have much data to offer, just advice on how to live a better life.
A fellow named Darryl Anka channeled an alien named Bashar for many years, and Bashar, though wise, didn't really have much data to offer, just advice on how to live a better life.
But the film, the story of a 30-year-old Wisconsin would-be moviemaker named Mark Borchardt and his efforts to finish a no-budget horror short called Coven (which he mispronounces throughout, with a long "o"), turns into something much fuller--and much less easy to laugh off.
Below, I give the method of execution; you name the state that employs it.
There is a theory that this search for a cause is an essentially superstitious act, an almost mystical hope that to name the cause is to ensure that disaster won't recur.
"The bookies entered into the spirit of things by jokingly offering 500-to-1 odds against the PM's wife's fourth child being named Ken and being born on his father's birthday.
The charismatic young men in Diner (1982), his first autobiographical work (and his masterpiece), weren't labeled as Jewish, and its most memorable turns were by actors named Kevin and Mickey.
The IRA's statement did not name its representative, made no promise to give up its weapons, and expressed concern at Northern Ireland First Minister David Trimble's insistence on next February as the deadline for disarmament to begin.
Who ever heard of a wiener dog named Fluffy?
Brangham called U-Haul "customer service," which, in the Shopping Avenger's estimation, is probably a guy named Joe in a phone booth.
Just named one of the New York Times ' "Notable Books" of 1999, this chronicle of the struggle to understand the flu virus that killed about 700,000 Americans wins high marks for the way it blends rigorous science and a gripping detective story.
But Fiennes is truly in his odd element as a Graham Greene hero in Neil Jordan's fluid adaptation of  The End of the Affair . He plays Maurice Bendrix, a self-centered novelist who embarks on an opportunistic but increasingly incendiary romance with Sarah (Julianne Moore), the wife of a bland civil servant named Henry Miles (Stephen Rea).
Intrepid Tuesday night, the presidential candidate named "potential threats" facing our nation.
The paper also ran an interview with the powerful Russian media mogul Boris Berezovsky, in which he called the Chechnya conflict "a just war," claimed Chechen military leaders "have received funds from radical foreign extremist circles that I will not name," and said there should be no more talk of Chechen independence.
Since the mid-1940s, when he went to Paris to capture the revitalization of French couture--a moment captured in Stanley Donen's 1957 film Funny Face , for which Avedon served as visual consultant, and in which Fred Astaire plays a fey, charming photographer named Dick Avery--Avedon has produced a staggering corpus of fashion and commercial photography.
It would seem prudent (to use the adjective named for your adviser) to forgo your "lonesome fight" in the name of peace and quiet.
Christine is also being hunted by an ecclesiastical hit squad named the Vatican Knights, which wants to drive a stake through her heart before she can mate with Satan, and by Schwarzenegger's Jericho Cane, who just wants to save her.
The priest is named Thomas Aquinas--not, disappointingly, the reincarnated author of Summa Theologica but some old geezer who has cut out his own tongue and put it in a mayonnaise jar for reasons that it would take a second viewing of End of Days for me to figure out.
(Although the Enquirer named both names,
Just say to the next busybody who asks, "I am engaged to a fine person named Chris, and I make it a practice to keep my work and my personal life separate.
Many of the actors show up from his Hard Eight (1997) and Boogie Nights (1997), and he's so eager to get Luis Guzman into the film, despite the lack of a role, that he makes him a game-show contestant named "Luis Guzman."
Dispatched to the south of Italy by a magnate named Greenleaf seeking the return of his wastrel son Dickie (Jude Law), the working-class Ripley has to pretend he's an old Princeton classmate.
After weighing the relative merits of Franklin Roosevelt, Winston Churchill, Mohandas Gandhi, and other great figures, Time has named Albert Einstein the "Person of the Century."
The populists have the upper hand in this debate, because the media want to please their mass audience by naming somebody whose contributions most people can relate to.
Remember, Shields asked him to name the "greatest catastrophes of the 20 th century."
5. Bruce Springsteen named state tree.
7. "Rich Get Richer and the Poor Get Camden" named state song.
9. Cherry Hill Mall named state tree because Bruce Springsteen is so damned sensitive.
And D.C. has suddenly noticed that a 34-year-old named Michael Saylor has made more than $2 billion running a tech company called MicroStrategy.
But they do exist; ours is named M. Gautier.
Everyone named in the scandal has denied allegations of this kind.
For example, Dunham wrote, consider a recent Princeton graduate named Bill Bradley.
The Post says that getting very little attention beneath all the Monica mayhem are special provisions that have added billions to the defense bill, and hundreds of millions to the veterans and housing bill and to the energy bill, to name a few.
The Post says he may name Monica Lewinsky as a co-conspirator.
The committee did not name Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams or mediator extraordinaire George Mitchell-both of whom President Clinton cited as worthy of the prize-as co-winners.
Besides the on-line book retailer, personally named in the suit is Amazon's chief information officer, whose previous job was at.
Back to the videotape: The WSJ makes it seem that Bill Gates may have been influenced by another famous testifier named Bill.
Although the admiral is named in both stories, the woman is not.
If you were an unmarried forty-something very beautiful woman named Lesley Friedman who had cashed out her lawyer temp business for $21 million and had moved to Palm Beach but couldn't get a husband, you could pay for one of those tiny little ads in New York or the New York Review of Books . But ugh, then you'd be getting asked out by assistant professors or public interest lawyers who didn't make partner somewhere.
A "Week in Review" article in the Times describes how the Iraq operation came to be named after Nazi general Erwin Rommel: Under Pentagon protocol, the military command planning the operation had to call it Operation Desert [something beginning with "s" or "f"].
A gently critical NYT op-ed piece by a professor named Jorge G. Castaneda makes the same point.
When there would be a conflict of interest in doing so, Holder will say, the DOJ could still name special counsels.
The forthcoming Godzilla --from thin-skinned action guys Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin -- apparently features a Mayor Ebert who gets squashed like a bug, and a sidekick named.
..You don't think Herb Caen wished he'd been named "Mickey"?
Then the inevitable occurs: A California man named George Franklin is convicted of raping and murdering a playmate of his daughter 20 years earlier.
The movies were taken in 1928 by a patient and student of Freud's named Philip Lehrman, an American who had to battle Freud's Old-World dislike of gizmos to gain permission to shoot the footage.
Tom Hanks, comedian Chris Rock, U.S. senator and NASA posterboy John Glenn, insufferable Titanic director James "King of the World" Cameron, Ally McBeal star Calista Flockhart (maybe she'll humiliate herself on this network as well), trash TV god Jerry Springer, and some guy named Bill Gates.
1 inch) species of robber fly (family Asilidae ). This I turned over to a friend who was an expert in that family of the Diptera , for study, identification, and naming.
He found the species to be unnamed, and did me the real honor of naming it rodecki , meaning “of Rodeck.”
The result of his well-meant and highly-appreciated gesture is that there is now in the deathless literature of entomology a robber fly species named Proctacanthus rodecki James, which is roughly translated “Rodeck's thorny anus.”
Coco, named for Mme.
To give “1604” as the date for lemonade after giving “15c” as the date for lemon might give one the impression that it took Englishmen about 200 years to find out how to make lemonade (or what to name what they got when they squeezed a lemon and mixed the juice with water and sugar).
Tillie Olsen identifies silent periods when women are diverted from their work by needs of their families; Spender talks of “silence upon silence” that has kept women's experience from being encoded; Adrienne Rich, in On Lies, Secrets and Silences , sees women's struggle for self-determination “muffled or silenced over and over”; most recently, Sandra Gilbert and Susan Gubar chart women authors' apparent alienation from language, their frequent use of pseudonyms an attempt at renaming or, really, naming themselves.
To many, it is significant that the privilege of naming, granted to Adam, was denied to Eve.
Were the two Washingtons (state and D.C.) named for George or Martha?
Some people (mistakenly) think that the slang term for a commode was named for Thomas Crapper , English plumber.
' The atom was named before it was split.
Seventy-two churches in Britain were named for Cuthbert.
..ELBA) focuses on the rumor that the South American singer named Yma Sumac was really a girl from the Bronx named Army Camus; that is what might be called a “distributed palindrome” since it operates one term at a time.
..ELBA) focuses on the rumor that the South American singer named Yma Sumac was really a girl from the Bronx named Army Camus; that is what might be called a “distributed palindrome” since it operates one term at a time.
' To name a ramble after a variety of grape seemed to me preposterous.
Leonard Bloomfield, having begun with a theory of meaning which emphasized the environment in which objects were present and named, had to add the obvious proviso that we sometimes mention what is not present.
Second, a clue may name a class of objects which includes the answer, like bird for COCK.
One of the privileges of national sovereignty is the right to name your country's money, or to rename it when the old name has acquired unpleasant associations.
Some countries name their currency to honor people famous in their history: bolivar (Venezuela) for the liberator of South America, Simón Bolívar; sucre (Ecuador) for Antonio José de Sucre, chief lieutenant of Bolívar and liberator of what is now Ecuador at the battle of Pichincha in 1822 near Quito; colón (Costa Rica, El Salvador) for Christopher Columbus; balboa (Panama) for Vasco Núñez de Balboa, discoverer of the Pacific Ocean; lempira (Honduras) for the 16th-century Indian chief who is a national symbol of liberty and valor for resisting the Spanish advance; and córdoba (Nicaragua) for Francisco Hernández de Cór doba, first acting governor.
When no other source seems suitable, nations name their money after the country.
Consequently, those merchants who pander to and even help create our wants and needs have provided us with, to name but a few, the following lite/light products: Manor House Lite Coffee with one third less caffeine than regular coffee; Piper's Farms Lite Kosher Dills with 50 percent less salt than Piper's Farm regular dill pickles; Morton Lite Salt with half the sodium of regular table salt; Libby's Lite Pears, Peaches, Mixed Fruits , and Fruit Cocktail , all of which have no sugar added; Pall Mall Light 100's with one third less tar than “the leading filter king-sized cigarette.”
Only American first names with two letters are Ed and Al , and you got no famous writers in America or England named Ed or Al . So I think maybe particule --“De” or “La”--hey!
As the musicians were leaving, a record company representative asked the name of the new piece, which Kid Ory had not yet named.
Lil Armstrong, who was the pianist for the session, improvised the answer, “That's named `Muskrat Ramble'; isn't that right, Red?”
The theory that the horse latitudes were so named because mariners becalmed there threw overboard the horses they were transporting because they died of thirst or starved seems almost impossible: in order for such an event to have given rise to horse latitudes it would have to have recurred many times, and it is hard to believe that 16th- and 17th-century mariners were so improvident as to have allowed that to happen very often.
Comments like “The cuckoo was so named for the one-note song it repeats over and over” came from someone who has never heard the bird's disyllabic call.
I saw an ad once in the back of a magazine promising that if I sent in some money, I could have a star in the firmament named after me.
You must also sell the goods named by your trademark or perform services named by your service mark.
You must also sell the goods named by your trademark or perform services named by your service mark.
Your trademark or service mark may be registered, but you may have rights to the mark even if you have not registered it, The symbol you choose for your mark may be pictorial, as the bearded representation of the Smith Brothers of cough-drop fame, who, as some would have it, are named, respectively, Trade and Mark.
The courts have ruled that Cyclone , when naming a fence, and Innocent , as a brand of hair coloring (suggesting, as the ruling noted, “the very antithesis of innocence”) are legitimate trademarks; but while Yellow Pages was found to be a trademark although it is clearly descriptive, raisin bran and spearmint were not granted exclusive status.
His palindromic dad, Bob, and palindromic mom, Ava, named their tot Otto.
R: Named under a ban--a bared, nude man .
Morrow , Kansas, was first named after a state senator, but this name had to be changed to Morrowville “because of semantic confusion when juxtaposed with a common preposition.
The passenger agent for the Union Pacific Railroad in that particular town was named Mr. Bassinger, and an often recited poem in the town was:
Calgro was named for “California Growers,” Rioco for the “Richfield Oil Company,” Mopeco for the “Mobile Petroleum Company,” Hepoco for the “Hercules Powder Company,” Stoil for “Standard Oil,” Biola for the “Bible Institute of Los Angeles,” and Calwa for the “California Wine Association.”
' A siding named O'Keene began as the Indian word Cheyenne but an Irishman working for the railroad decided to make it look Irish and so he changed it and added an apostrophe.
Believing that the lightning had created the spring, they named the area after the miraculous event.
' When French explorers came upon the name, they knew enough Sioux to know the name meant `board,' so they used a translated version of the Indian name and called it la Riviére Platte . English speakers adopted the French name and talked about the Platte River . They named one of the towns on its banks North Platte . But when the state applied for admission to the Union in 1867, it was under the original Indian name which they spelled Nebraska .
According to Stupey, similar but less commercial names include Chanesa named after the three children of a railroad man, Charlie, Nellie , and Sarah ; and Edruvera , also named after three children, Edwin, Ruth , and Vera . Three adult sisters, Daisy, Cora , and Nora , were honored at Dacono.
According to Stupey, similar but less commercial names include Chanesa named after the three children of a railroad man, Charlie, Nellie , and Sarah ; and Edruvera , also named after three children, Edwin, Ruth , and Vera . Three adult sisters, Daisy, Cora , and Nora , were honored at Dacono.
Anna S. Wilson was honored at Anness and Ellen Woods at Lenwood, Glendora and Evadale were named to honour early husband-and-wife settlers, Glen and Dora and Eva and Dale .
Enon is none, Saxet is Texas , and Reklaw is Walker : there was already a siding named Walker and so when the same name was again suggested, the clerk in the office just reversed it.
The main reason for the reversals was that they allowed a man to name a siding after himself without appearing to be egocentric.
One man was too humble to have a siding named after him.
When he declined the offer, the workers said he was “mucho modesto,” and they decided to honor him indirectly by naming the siding Modesto , now the name of a good-sized city.
Tenino was named for the number “1090,” but there is disagreement on its significance.
There is an unconfirmed story that Laredo , Texas, was named for the sounds made by the chimes in the Catholic church: la, re , and do . Another folk etymology has it that the Snake River was so named because it coiled back and forth so much.
The truth is, however, that it was named after the Snake Indians of that area; and it is further true that the Snake Indians got their name from their habit of eating snakes: that part of the United States was very poor, and snakes were often the only food available.
Staten Island , New York was named after the legislative governing body of the Netherlands, the Staten-General , perhaps because a meeting was held there in 1776 in which American and British representatives tried unsuccessfully to negotiate a peaceful end to the American Revolution.
Some American cities are named after animals.
The town was Ptarmigan , Alaska, named after a wild bird common to the area.
Many city names express hope, as in New Hope , and New Freedom , Pennsylvania, New Era , Michigan, and the dozens of cities named Paradise . Once in a while, however, a place gets a dysphemistic name, such as the Badlands in South Dakota, or Great Dismal Swamp , which is a 1500-square-mile section of Virginia and North Carolina.
It is just for amusement that the residents of Ann Arbor, Michigan write “A²” instead of Ann Arbor in their return addresses; or people in New Hampshire joke about the towns named Orange, Lebanon , and Lyme ; or a motel owner in Comfort, Texas, which happens to be near two towns named Alice and Louise , puts up a billboard saying, “Sleep here in Comfort between Alice and Louise.”
It is just for amusement that the residents of Ann Arbor, Michigan write “A²” instead of Ann Arbor in their return addresses; or people in New Hampshire joke about the towns named Orange, Lebanon , and Lyme ; or a motel owner in Comfort, Texas, which happens to be near two towns named Alice and Louise , puts up a billboard saying, “Sleep here in Comfort between Alice and Louise.”
Arizonans are amused at how Showlow and Why were named.
The residents decided to take the words right out of their friends' mouths by naming the town Why, Arizona.
Truth or Consequences , New Mexico, used to be named Hot Springs , but in 1950 the residents voted to change its name when the host of a popular radio show promised free publicity to any town that would do such a thing.
It is a rocky area where a rancher named Lover hid among the boulders from people intent on killing him.
Calistoga , California, is supposed to have been accidentally named when a real estate developer from Sarasota, Florida, rose before a crowd to give a sales pitch for the new property he was promoting.
Eleva , Wisconsin, is said to have been named by the whim of a snowstorm.
The original name was “Tight Ass Canyon,” named because of the narrowness of the pass.
Then they named the neighboring country which is actually covered with ice--over 10,000 feet deep in places-- Greenland . It might have been Eric the Red who bestowed the verdant name “Greenland” upon the usually snow-and-ice covered country.
We see this in the way that postmasters increased their fame by naming post offices after their businesses.
Also the “dialects” of China, such as Southern Min (Taiwanese) and Cantonese, to name just two, show varying relationships with the dominate tongue.
All the original “laws” were there, and I was cited as “the authority” for Borkowski's Law: You can't guard against the arbitrary . It is named after a friend of mine who said it in a drunken stupor.
Consistent with Sorokin's cyclical theory of social change, our time bears an uncanny resemblance to the first century A.D. when a Roman named Martial was penning his epigrams.
As for the “one-or-two-word” problem, Walter Scott wrote Redgauntlet (1824) and John Buchan (again) named his novel of Scottish adventure Huntingtower (1922).
A Bro Purvis is a libidinous clergyman, named after an evangelist who once whipped both of our husbands into a frenzy of desire when we were visiting a fundamentalist church with relatives.
And the expression gone with the wind antedated Margaret Mitchell's book--indeed, she so named the book because of the cliché, not the other way round; a cursory check of my Bloomsbury Thematic Dictionary of Quotations (1988--nudge!
I had never noticed it before, but the reason that the old-fashioned bicycle was named the penny-farthing was that the large front wheel bore the same proportion to the tiny one at the rear as a (British) penny bore to a farthing.
I have also read an equal number of disclaimers that pooh-pooh (as it were) the idea of such a named person ever having had anything to do with the creation of this necessary convenience (unorthodoxymoron).
The name-magic belief in this case was that a child named after an admired figure might cause some of that person's qualities to be passed on to the child.
In paragraph three we are told that “the Dare family named the first white baby born in Virginia Virginia, not a conventional name in the late sixteenth century but hardly daring considering the religious association.
’ As Professor Ashley knows, the state was named in honor of Elizabeth I, the Virgin Queen, and not for the Virgin Mary.
As for the “daring’ aspect, had the child been named Virginia in a Puritan community, it would certainly have been very provocative.
Piazza di Spagna , site of the Spanish Steps, is so named because since the 17th century it has been the location of the Spanish embassy to the Holy See.
Via del Babuino , running north from Piazza di Spagna, is named after an ancient fountain with a statue of Silenus, the grotesque drunken follower of Bacchus, which seemed to resemble a baboon.
Via di Ripetta imperceptibly merges into Via della Scrofa `Street of the Sow,' named after another ancient sculpture that is still preserved there.
Via Venti Settembre `20th of September Street' illustrates the Italian propensity for naming streets after historic dates, in this case the date of the breach in the ancient fortification wall of Rome, through which Italian troops stormed the city to bring the Risorgimento to an end.
Via del Plebiscito, the street that connects Piazza Venezia with Largo Argentina, now almost totally surrendered to buses and taxis, was named for the `plebiscite' held in 1870, shortly after the events of the 20th of September, when the people of Rome voted to join the rest of Italy, ending the temporal power of the Church.
Via Veneto , site of the American Embassy and of la dolce vita in general, was named for one of the provinces of the newly unified Italy, as were other streets nearby ( Via Toscana, Via Lombardia, Via Campania, etc .), when what had been the gardens of the Villa Ludovisi were urbanized almost exactly a hundred years ago.
The grandiose Via dell'Impero that was rammed through the central archaeological zone in the 1930s was named after the short-lived Fascist “Empire” in Africa.
This is the exotic-sounding Via Amba Aradam , named after a plateau in Ethiopia, a battlefield in 1936.
At the base of the Aventine, a postwar park has been named the Parco della Resistenza dell'Otto Settembre , commemorating the heroic action against the Nazis there on that date in 1943 by the Italian partisans.
Nearby, just outside the ancient wall, the area in front of the railroad station has been named Piazzale dei Partigiani . Luigi Einaudi, the patriarch of postwar Italian politics, President of the Republic from 1948 to 1955, when he was an octogenarian, has the unusual honor of a street named for him in the heart of the city, near the central railway station.
Nearby, just outside the ancient wall, the area in front of the railroad station has been named Piazzale dei Partigiani . Luigi Einaudi, the patriarch of postwar Italian politics, President of the Republic from 1948 to 1955, when he was an octogenarian, has the unusual honor of a street named for him in the heart of the city, near the central railway station.
Since quadrangle maps are named for the most prominent feature on the map, he had difficulty trying to explain his choice of name.
The Sherman quadrangle is named after the town of Sherman.
It is not possible to name the Sherman quadrangle the Faywood quadrangle because there already is a Faywood Station quadrangle adjacent to the Sherman quadrange.
It was named after Sherman.
The first oil well in the United States was drilled in 1859, by Edwin L. Drake, near Titusville, Pennsylvania, a town named for Jonathan Titus, who settled it in 1796 (and wanted to call it Edinburgh).
In the 1940s my father, a certified public accountant in Boston, acquired a client named Morris Kaplan, an affable, outgoing insurance salesman (pronounced SALE-ess-mahn) whose accent reflected his origins in the Pale of Settlement, specifically in Minske Gebernyeh: Mr. Kaplan was an echt Litvak.
A poor man named John Cordeaux was brazen enough to suggest [May 27, 1893] that stoat is from the Anglo-Saxon steort , a tail.
As one might expect, much of the pleology of English can be ascribed to its propensity for naming things: many--indeed, most--of the names of organic and inorganic chemicals, numbering in the tens of thousands, are not listed in even the largest general dictionaries; nor are the names of all insects (of which, I seem to recall, there are more than 50,000 species) and plants.
We are all familiar with the naming process, whether it be with the great relief at hearing the doctor say “muscular strain” instead of “rheumatoid arthritis” as he examines the x-rays, with the Sunday supplement newspaper article summing up (for the umpteenth time) the latest new words and acronyms, with nothing with amusement, admiration, or consternation what some people name their children, and with scores of other instances we encounter daily.
Inventions and discoveries are named after the fact.
' The flower is aptly named, since it grows well in profusely manured pastures.
They were coarsely named from their root sense, `big tits,' from French teton `tit,' because of their shape.
' At one time, fysting curre referred to a stinking dog, and feist named a small dog of mixed breed.
A number of them might have been created by prisoners whose vocabularies were too small to accommodate the concepts, events, or situations named.
The etymological game being what it is--( requiescat in ) pace John Ciardi--I fully expect someone to come up with an origin for cute as a button that identifies it with the six adorable daughters of some 17th-century Londoner named Button or, just to make it more complicated, a corruption of the expression *acute as a bouton in which bouton means `stud with a sharp point'--in other words, originally equivalent to sharp as a tack .
Unimaginative 141 U.S. municipalities are named Fairview (43 different states); there are 47 Jackson Townships in Indiana alone; 1,365 streams are named Mill Creek.
Unimaginative 141 U.S. municipalities are named Fairview (43 different states); there are 47 Jackson Townships in Indiana alone; 1,365 streams are named Mill Creek.
, MAD-rid, New York, for Madrid , BER-lin, Connecticut, for Berlin , and PEER, South Dakota, for Pierre ). It is perhaps understandable that those who undertake the creation of a complete record of American toponymy have chosen to deal with the estimated 3,000,000 named streets and highways across the land as a separate project.
Why not name your son Jesus?
You can name him Joseph Mary or Paul Mary , and nobody will think the less of him.
I have even heard of country boys named Circuncisión , but I have never met one.
And was Barrasso so named for playing bottomless?
According to some authorities, when the present capital of New Mexico was founded by Spanish colonizers in 1610, it was named La Villa Real de Santa Fe de San Francisco de Asís . In later versions this grandiloquent title, really more a dedication than a name, sometimes has the definite article la inserted between de and Santa , which changes the meaning from Saint Francis of Assisi's Royal City of Holy Faith to the Royal City of the Holy Faith of Saint Francis of Assisi . In modern times at least, and possibly since its founding, the capital, no longer royal, has been known simply as Santa Fe . Since Romance derivatives of Latin sanctus mean holy as well as saint , the Spanish name today, like the same name for several towns in countries of Spanish culture, means in English `Holy Faith.
By whatever name, Santa Fe is nestled in the foothills of a cordilleran spur called the Sangre de Cristos . No one really knows how this mountain range came to be named for the Blood of Christ, but educated guesses are not lacking.
A more probable explanation attributed to a thoughtful historian named Bill Tate is that cruciform crevasses, in winter filled with snow, that are visible on the mountainside from San Gabriel, the first Spanish capital, reminded Juan de Oñate, the leader of the first successful Spanish colonizing expedition, of the cross he wore to symbolize membership in a lay religious order devoted to reverence for the Precious Blood of Christ.
So the recently constructed loop around the inner city has been named Paseo de Peralta . The thoroughfare entering town from the south that was originally called Telegraph Street because the telegraph line ran along it and was later renamed College Street because St. Michael's College was built there is now romantically called Old Santa Fe Trail .
It is in the often hastily constructed and hastily named developments on the edges of Santa Fe that the names are most feverishly given.
Though there are plenty of examples to show that some namers of streets in Santa Fe are aware that in Spanish a definitive modifier follows the modified word, so that there are streets properly named, for instance, Camino Cerrito, Calle Lorca , or Plaza Fatima , there are other street names that betray oblivion to this grammatical rule, for example: Monte Vista Place or Cielo Vista Court where Monte Vista and Cielo Vista are supposed to mean respectively Mountain View and Sky View but, so far as they signify anything, really mean View Mountain and View Sky or Heaven . Even more common in Santa Fe are names in which adjectives fail to agree as to gender with the nouns they modify, for example: Calle Largo, Calle Lejano , or Calle Contento . This error may be due in part to the English tendency to reduce all unaccented final vowels to schwa and in part due to the fact that Spanish adjectives are listed in dictionaries in their masculine forms only.
Some animals are named from a comparison to another animal.
' Early explorers on the islands found great numbers of large dogs there and named the archipelago after them, from the Latin canis `dog.
, harbor, named for its resemblance to a fish, the gurnet.
Many of the pages are not numbered, and a number of the callouts (labels, that is) on the illustrations are not even entered into the main text of the dictionary, to wit, number 8, fly-half, nose tackle, tight end, wide receiver, safety, linebacker, cornerback , to name a few.
They belong to a linguistic stock termed Eskimo-Aleut (or `Eskaleut'), named for its two major branches.
Whether one chooses to use this term or the traditional term depends, I suppose, on how sensitive one is to the wishes of people (or of their leaders) regarding the way they are named.
They were named for their location in Vauxhall, south of the Thames.
Some time ago I was creating a document for a client, using a program which I will not name to protect the guilty, although it was--and still is, by general consent (my own included)--the best of the pack.
He has to name everything, but before being able to name, he has to recognise and classify concepts, to enclose the whole Universe in a system of notation: produce enumerations, hierarchies and paradigms.
He has to name everything, but before being able to name, he has to recognise and classify concepts, to enclose the whole Universe in a system of notation: produce enumerations, hierarchies and paradigms.
It is as if in a particular neighborhood one family were named Jones, another Jones-Smith, and a third Smith-Jones and, because of this peculiar set of circumstances, their friends spent most of their time trying to distinguish one family from the other instead of enjoying their company.
In fact, one of the less reputable wine producers immediately named one of its abominable sparkling wines fuddle-duck . No reduplication there.
Frank Abate (“Unraveling the American Place-Name Cover” [XVIII,2]) missed a few choice names: there is a village (though without a post office) named Obtuse , Connecticut; many know about Truth-or-Consequences , New Mexico, named for an old quiz show.
Frank Abate (“Unraveling the American Place-Name Cover” [XVIII,2]) missed a few choice names: there is a village (though without a post office) named Obtuse , Connecticut; many know about Truth-or-Consequences , New Mexico, named for an old quiz show.
I myself have known people named Busa , which in Salvatore Battaglia's Grande Dizionario Della Lingua Italiana (the Italian equivalent of the Oxford English Dictionary) is defined as “il sterco bovino,” literally, `cow dung.
' I went to high school--a small school with only a minority of Italians--with a girl named Pochintesta ( poco `little,' in `in,' testa `head'), another named Zucchi (a plural form of zucca `squash,' or, colloquially, `head'; Hanks and Hodges say this name was often given to a person of “scarce intelligence,” as in “pumpkinhead”), one boy named Chiappa (`buttock'), and another named Chiappinelli (which may be either an extended diminutive of Chiappa or the diminutive of chiappino , which Battaglia defines as a `type of ape').
' I went to high school--a small school with only a minority of Italians--with a girl named Pochintesta ( poco `little,' in `in,' testa `head'), another named Zucchi (a plural form of zucca `squash,' or, colloquially, `head'; Hanks and Hodges say this name was often given to a person of “scarce intelligence,” as in “pumpkinhead”), one boy named Chiappa (`buttock'), and another named Chiappinelli (which may be either an extended diminutive of Chiappa or the diminutive of chiappino , which Battaglia defines as a `type of ape').
' I went to high school--a small school with only a minority of Italians--with a girl named Pochintesta ( poco `little,' in `in,' testa `head'), another named Zucchi (a plural form of zucca `squash,' or, colloquially, `head'; Hanks and Hodges say this name was often given to a person of “scarce intelligence,” as in “pumpkinhead”), one boy named Chiappa (`buttock'), and another named Chiappinelli (which may be either an extended diminutive of Chiappa or the diminutive of chiappino , which Battaglia defines as a `type of ape').
The animal kingdom provided a rich source: Gallos (gallo `cock or rooster') either sang well or had active sexual lives, Gazzas and Gazzanis (gazza `magpie') and Malpighis ( male `bad,' piga a dialect word for `magpie') made a habit of gossiping or “collecting” things, and many Calendris and Calandrinos ( calandra `lark') were so named because people believed larks to be remarkably witless.
One lacking in imagination could use Povero (`poor') or Scarso (`scarce') to name a pauper or a miser.
Sometimes one needs to name the right names in the search for an equivalent proverb:
..a fine quality of cigar, named from Havana, the capital of Cuba, fondly supposed to be made there
Elmers, the nickname for homicidal maniacs similar to the well-publicized one named Elmer .
But surely there are more interesting ways in which streets can be named.
For example, they could be named after American (or foreign) cities, American states, constellations, foreign countries, American and foreign statesmen, famous operas, opera singers, composers, works of fiction, music, and art, novelists, poets, and other writers, artists, characters in fiction or mythology, trees, flowers, animals, etc. --the supply is almost inexhaustible.
Moreover, if it is deemed advisable to have the names in alphabetical order to make it easy to find a given street, it would be a simple matter to put Karachi Street between Istanbul and Lisbon Streets, Bach Boulevard between Jerusalem and Copland Boulevards followed by Debussy . If the inhabitants are predominantly of a particularly ethnic stock, they might like to commemorate Italian painters, Spanish poets, or Greek playwrights; if they are of a classical bent, they can find names of important works of Latin and Greek literature; on the other hand, if they like modern music, they can name their streets after rock groups or stars.
Was Bank Street named after someone named Bank, because it was near the bank of a river (which has now been moved three blocks away because the land was filled in), because the town bank was once on it, or because it was where they used to bank fires?
Was Bank Street named after someone named Bank, because it was near the bank of a river (which has now been moved three blocks away because the land was filled in), because the town bank was once on it, or because it was where they used to bank fires?
One would expect that a certain amount of common sense be exercised: Palm Drive and Bougainvillea Boulevard would be as out of place in Massachusetts as Yucca Lane; with the devastation wrought by Dutch elm disease, one might consider renaming all the streets in America named Elm Street to describe a hardier species.
In this vein, I do not advocate naming a street Bubo Boulevard or Plague Place . In Bridgeport, Connecticut, I have seen a Lesbia Street , which arouses all sorts of untoward speculation.
The road leading to Laurel Heights (where the editorial offices of VERBATIM are situated and which is, believe it or not, somewhat elevated from the surrounding land, a laurel or two can actually be found there, too) is named Boggy Hole Road, an apt name till a year ago or so, when the town of Old Lyme rebuilt it, widened it, paved it, and provided it with drainage; it is now in such good condition that I have suggested that the name be changed to Boggy Hole Boulevard, an idea that has not found much favor at the town hall.
The Choctaw said, Apalachi `helpers, allies'; the Blackfoot, Atsina `Good people' the Nootka, also, inadvertently named the Wakash, saying, “Good = waukash `good' just as the Sheepscot named the Wannoak by saying they were nopesawenoak `warriors'; the Pomo said of their southwestern cousins, the Kashaya, that they were kashaya `nimble, quick,' by way of praise, blame, or mere description.
The Choctaw said, Apalachi `helpers, allies'; the Blackfoot, Atsina `Good people' the Nootka, also, inadvertently named the Wakash, saying, “Good = waukash `good' just as the Sheepscot named the Wannoak by saying they were nopesawenoak `warriors'; the Pomo said of their southwestern cousins, the Kashaya, that they were kashaya `nimble, quick,' by way of praise, blame, or mere description.
that once practised head-flattening; and the Yellowknife , an Algonquian people living east of Great Slave Lake, Canada, were so named from their use of copper implements: pedestrian names, these, in which inventiveness played no part.
This consideration of the varying ways in which the physiological features of brows, lids, and lashes are perceived in some languages, despite their possibility of being objectively observed, is part of the larger question of how the parts of the body are named.
And was Barrasso so named for playing bottomless?
Oxymorons in general, he says, are well named, and he is against them.
The hot wind that blew from the interior, later to be named the sirocco, was known with vivid simplicity as the hot wind.
One will have noticed that there has been no reference to the indigenous inhabitants-- the Indians, natives, Papuans, Blacks, or Aborigines, as they were variously named.
Rehov Dizengoff, one of Tel Aviv's main streets, is usually shortened to Dizengoff or even Dizi , which might mislead a tourist into believing it was named after Benjamin Disraeli instead of Meir Dizengoff, the city's first mayor.
It is they, therefore, as much as anybody, who are to blame for the continuing fiction that Abingdon means `town of the abbey,' that Boston is named for St. Botolph, that Coventry means `place of the abbey,' that the second word of Leighton Buzzard represents French beau désert, that Lichfield means `field of the corpses,' that Maidstone means `Medway town,' that Morpeth means `moor path,' that Redruth means `town of the Druids,' that Southend is so called because it is at the southern end of Essex, that Westminster is a `minster' west of St. Paul's Cathedral, and so on.
Abingdon means `Æbba's hill'; Boston means `Bōtwulf's stone'; Conventry means `Cofa's tree'; Leighton Buzzard is named for the Busard family, who owned land here in the 13th century; Lichfield means `open land near Letocetum,' the latter name itself meaning `gray wood'; Maidstone probably means `stone of the maidens' (i.e.
Cambridge (Cambridgeshire) is not named for the Cam.
The river is named for the town, and the town's original name (in modern terms) was Grantabridge.
Cambridge is named in some Old English records as Grantcheste, `Roman camp on the Granta.
Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland, is not so named because it was founded by King Edwin of North-umberland (reigned 617-33).
Flamborough Head (Humberside) is not so named from the flames of a beacon here.
Liverpool (Merseyside) is not named for its fabled `liver bird,' despite the latter's representation in the city's coat of arms.
Oakham (Leicestershire) is not named for its oaks but means `Occa's homestead' or `Occa's riverside land,' depending whether the second half of the name represents Old English hām or hamm .
But whereas the changes wrought in French by the French Revolution were canceled by the Thermidorean reaction, in the newly formed and freshly named Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (more commonly called the USSR or, in Cyrillic, CCCP ) wholesale changes of toponyms, following changes of personal names, did not really set in till the Soviet Thermidor brought Stalin to dictatorial power.
So as Ilyich's body was eternalized in embalming fluids (or duplicated in wax, as some skeptics believe) and displayed much like the relics of saints under an impressive mausoleum in Red Square against the Kremlin wall, the city created by the westernizing tsar and named for himself with a western, German name, Sankt-Peterburg , was renamed Leningrad.
“It's a hawkmoth .” But she had already named it.
The confusion can be avoided by using the moth's Latin name which was established two hundred years ago by a natural scientist named Carolus Linnaeus, and by the two-name namers who followed after him.
A brown and yellow butterfly with blue “eyes” on its front wings is called the common wood nymph , or the wood satyr . Other lepidopterists named the wood satyr the blue-eyed grayling , others, the goggle eye . Who is right?
The two-shilling coin was known as a florin, named after a medieval gold coin from Florence, Italy.
Microbiologists laughed and laughed: in the first place, nobody but the official committee on nomenclature is authorized to change a bacterial name; second, Salmonella is recognized internationally, not just in the U.S.; and third, the bacterium was named not after the fish but after an American bacteriologist, Daniel E. Salmon (1850-1914).
Gone is the time when one might make a reasonably accurate guess at a person's race or nationality by his name; today, when blacks who do not adopt Arabic names or names like Franklin D. Roosevelt Jones might be named Kelly or Murphy, Jews born as Greenberg change their name to Monteverdi or Vermont, Hirsch to Cerf, and so forth, and people with Slavic and Italian names either change its spelling in an attempt to get people to pronounce it as closely as possible to the original (e.g.
Indeed, in the book Schindler's List, there are two persons named Schindler: Oskar Schindler, the protagonist, who was a Catholic Sudetendeutscher (ethnic German from Bohemia or Moravia); and a Brigadier Schindler, an official with the Wehrmacht procurement office in Berlin (who one presumes was not Jewish).
So does the former name for the colony, Van Diemen's Land (so named by the Dutch explorer Abel Tasman), or its facetious variant, Vandemonia (former Tasmanian convicts being known on the mainland as Vandemonians).
The piner once lived in a badger box , a makeshift shelter named in allusion to the wombat's capacious hole in the ground (the wombat being known uniquely in Tasmania as a badger, to which it bears a passing resembalance).
But one is given to wonder about the treatment of Geiger counter , which we know is a radiation counter developed by the German physicist Hans Geiger (evidently working with someone named Müller, whose given name appears to have disappeared but who once shared the honors, as the former name of the device was Geiger-Müller counter ): this is described as a translation of Geigerzahler [lit.
(What we need is an American politician named Takapouda ).
All those named after him were male, until the 1930s, when the fashion for uni-sex names exploded.
Not many people (male or female) are named after him.
Old timers recall when a young reporter named Cheryl Magazine worked there and they could listen to her calling people and saying, “Hello, this is Cheryl Magazine at the Herald-Telephone ...
Laramie Daily Boomerag (Boomerang, said to be named after the first publisher's mule, but some Wyoming news veterans say it's because when the newsboy tossed copies onto the reader's porches, the readers threw it back).
(Cart and coach are not related to it, the first being Anglo-Saxon and the second named for the Hungarian city of Kocs , an early manufactory.)
No Boys Named Sue, But.
Which is the whole point of the song “A Boy Named Sue.”
Yet some centuries before there was a boy named Anne : the full-bearded face of Anne de Montmorency 1493-1567, soldier, courtier, Constable of France, gazes from his portrait with supreme aristocratic confidence.
It is true that from the earliest times she was also known as Juliana , and all variants of this great Roman clan name have always been popular, from a former Queen of the Netherlands to the delicious Julienne soup, named after a female cook.
Could he, by the remotest chance, have been the inspiration for “A Boy named Sue”?
He may be taking some pleasure in the possible recent discomfiture of the previously appropriately named Farmer Veale , in the wake of the campaign against live calf exports from the United Kingdom.
There is a notion favored by the bureaucrats in Brussels that products should not be named after a place or sound like some original thing such as champagne or cheddar cheese unless they come from that place.
I cannot get it out of my head that this chap is named after Lee van Cleef.
French names for foods are common: poulet frit `fried chicken' Kentucky; moules `mussels'; frites `French fries'; poutine `French fries with curd cheese and gravy' (named after a Colonel Poutine who was in charge of provisions at the Siege of Quebec in 1749; at the end, the only stores remaining were potatoes, cheese, and chicken stock; local folk etymology has it from putain, putanesca ); aubergine `eggplant' (the usual word in Britain); jarret de boeuf `shin of beef'; caribou a fortified sweet wine, etc.
Re: “No Boys Named Sue, But.
Perhaps the most notorious example of English dithering in this matter is the word for which a Himalayan snow monster is named.
Somewhat to his surprise and that of others in the party, the Aborigines of Port Jackson (as Sydney Harbour was named) did not recognize the word.
Cat ice is a thin layer of ice on a puddle from under which water has receded, so named because it will bear only the weight of a cat, or a catling , a kitten walking over it cat-footed to avoid breaking it.
William Safire, the political and language columnist for the New York Times , has been concerned about the correct use of the apostrophe and s with proper nouns ending in s , particularly with eponyms, so concerned that he has named a syndrome for himself: Safire's syndrome --`the urge to correct.
Dorland's Medical Dictionary , 26th edition (1974), devotes more than nineteen columns to short definitions of diseases, the vast majority eponymous, seven named for physicians who early described hyperthyroidism.
Some processes are named for early reporters, as is Graves, and some for victims as Lou Gehrig (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis), usually without their permission or even awareness.
But Gib, Phip , and Wat survive in patronymics: Gibson, Gibbons, Gibbs; Phipps; Watson, Watkins, Watts . Electrical watts were named for the Scottish engineer James Watt, and readers will recall Wat Tyler's Rebellion of 1381.
Aluminium is so spelled outside North America (except by the Canadian aluminum giant, Alcan Aluminium ). The metal was identified in 1808 by Sir Humphry Davy, who originally named it alumium , based on Latin alumen , and alum , oxides and sulphates of aluminum, respectively, which were known to the ancients.
It is not considered proper to name elements after oneself, but others can name an element after you if you are dead and sufficiently famous.
It is not considered proper to name elements after oneself, but others can name an element after you if you are dead and sufficiently famous.
Or you could arrange to have an element named after your hometown or your country: Scandium, Polonium, Europium, Francium, Americium, Germanium, Berkelium, Californium, Yttrium , and Ytterbium , the last two being elements named after the Swedish town where they were discovered.
Or you could arrange to have an element named after your hometown or your country: Scandium, Polonium, Europium, Francium, Americium, Germanium, Berkelium, Californium, Yttrium , and Ytterbium , the last two being elements named after the Swedish town where they were discovered.
Elements named after scientists include Curium, Mendelevium, Einsteinium, Nobelium (actually this was named after Sweden's Nobel Institute, not directly after Alfred Nobel), and Lawrencium . However, there is another element whose nomenclature breaks the rules thanks to a trick its discoverer played on the world.
Elements named after scientists include Curium, Mendelevium, Einsteinium, Nobelium (actually this was named after Sweden's Nobel Institute, not directly after Alfred Nobel), and Lawrencium . However, there is another element whose nomenclature breaks the rules thanks to a trick its discoverer played on the world.
The 19th-century French chemist Paul Emile Lecoq de Boisbaudran managed to name Gallium after himself (because, of course, Coq in Latin is Gallus !).
It is not as though Thorpe is that unusual a name in the States: after all, one of the great athletes of all time was Jim Thorpe, and they even named a town after him.
I have a friend named Mary who stands words on their heads.
The committee was named the Standing Committee on Spoken English in 1954, Mitchell and Delbridge being successive chairmen of SCOSE during its formative years.
The pub is named after a bird common in the Broads, the grey heron Ardea cinerea , known locally as the harnser . We do not mistake it for a hawk, a plasterer's board with a handle underneath (called, interestingly enough, oiseau in French).
Hilary Howard got her reds mixed in “No Boys Named Sue, But.
The most aptly named individual I have ever encountered was a dentist who, early in this century, had his office in Netwark, New Jersey.
Her book establishes a framework for such analysis designed both to describe sexism in a text and, through a process she names “feminist stylistics,” to deconstruct the way in which point of view, agency, metaphor, and other features of the text “are unexpectedly closely related to matters of gender.”
To those who bemoan the loss of the chastity of the French language, all I can say is that the lady never was a virgin: French is essentially mutated Latin corrupted by Arabic, Gaulish, and Germanic, to name a few of the seducers.
At least since Lewis Carroll intrigued his readers with “Jabberwocky,” there have been writers—Robert Heinlein and Dr. Seuss, to name two—who deliberately minted new words.
biff to notify someone of incoming mail [named after the implementor's dog barked whenever the mailman came].
This has resulted in such products as a brand of jeans called Trim Pecker , lawn fertilizer called Green Piles, Cow Brand shampoo, Shot Vision TV sets, Carap candy, Pocky candy, Pocket Wetty pre-moistened towelettes, and a nail-polish remover called Fingernail Remover . Two top beverages are named Calpis and Pocari Sweat , and a coffee creamer is called Creap . Slogans, too, are sometimes in English, like this one on a deodorant container: Sweet Medica—it frees you completely from the smell of your underarm sweat . Or this, on a bottle of nose drops: Nazal—for stuffed nose and snot .
Hilary Howard's article [XXII,1] brings up the song “A Boy Named Sue.”
I knew a man named Sue, a distinguished attorney in my home town, but he spelled it “Sioux,” in the city of Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
He named his daughter Suzanne, but his son was named Bill.
He named his daughter Suzanne, but his son was named Bill.
I also knew a girl named Bill.
In a high-school class with five girl Shirleys we also had a boy named Shirley, a refugee from the blitz in England.
The Finnish chemist Gadolin isolated a new `earth' (metallic oxide) there in 1794 and called it yttria . In 1803 the Swedish chemist Berzelius discovered another `earth' and named it cerium , for the asteroid (minor planet) Ceres.
Take just yttria . In 1843 the Swedish chemist Mosander analysed this `earth' into yttrium proper, erbium , and terbium , all named for Ytterby.
In 1878 the Swiss chemist Marignac further isolated ytterbium , and in 1879 the Swedish chemist Cleve distinguished holmium (named for Stockholm) and thulium (from Thule, the farthest land known to the Greeks).
In 1907 the French chemist Urbain separated lutetium from ytterbium, naming it for his native Paris (Roman name Lutetia ).
(The element with atomic number 61 is not found naturally, and this number was allocated to promethium , when proof of its existence was confirmed by American chemists, who named it for Prometheus, in Greek mythology the earliest teacher and benefactor of mankind.)
Hoe cakes , originally baked on hoe, and hush puppies , allegedly so named because pieces of them were fed to dogs to keep them quite, are variations of what Southerners call corn bread and New Englanders call (spider) johnnycake: spider because it was baked in a spider , a black, cast-iron skillet.
The source is unknown; perhaps it originated when a dog named Ring was in his death throes and the family were being called.
This is by way of pointing out that Mormon was the name of the major editor of the book, and it was named after him, although he did not write the whole book.
There are numerous Biblical names as well: Paradise, Jordan River, West Jordan, Goshen, Ephraim, Zion National Park, Joseph, Mount Carmel , and Moab , as well as places named after early leaders and settlers Brigham City, Grantsville, Heber City and others.
The territory that preceded the state of Utah (named after the Ute Indians) was called the Territory of Desert . It is a term for the promised land in the Book of Mormon and is supposed to mean `land of the honeybee.
It is not as though Thorpe is that unusual a name in the States: after all, one of the great athletes of all time was Jim Thorpe, and they even named a town after him.
If bird names are anything to go by, the “bowwow” theory (perhaps we should call it the “tweet-tweet” theory) rules the roost, since many birds are named for their songs or calls.
The chick , as a young bird, is named from it.
Outside the farmyard, but still (usually) within farmland territory, the crow and rook are both named for their harsh call or caw , and though less common, the chough and the raven are similarly named.
Outside the farmyard, but still (usually) within farmland territory, the crow and rook are both named for their harsh call or caw , and though less common, the chough and the raven are similarly named.
Elsewhere afield, the curlew , with its cry of courli , is obviously named, as is the cuckoo , whose name is similar in many languages (French coucou , German Kuckuck , Greek kokkux , Latin cuculus ). The first part of its name is in fact directly related to that of the cock , as the initial cuck - of its call corresponds to the farmyard bird's cluck.
The male of the species, the gander , has a directly related name, as does the gannet . Its cry is described as a barking arrah . Still with the water birds, the heron is named for its harsh cry rrank; the name itself is related to that of the hen . The bittern is a further wading bird; its cry is usually described as a “boom,” and the first part of its name, from Latin butio , represents this.
On dry land, the finch is named for its prolonged nasal tswe-e-e , mostly clearly heard in the greenfinch.
Almost any generic noun can be broken down into named subdivisions.
To a knowledgeable pogonologist, a beard is a Bodkin, Cathedral, Ducktail, Goatee, Lavatory Brush, Imperial, Pique-devant, Spade, Stiletto or Vandyke , to name but a few.
Most of the elements discovered in the first exuberant wave of Enlightenment chemistry bear abbreviations close to their actual names: Ni for nickel, first identified in 1751 (an abbreviation of German Kupfernickel , `copper-demon,' so called because miners first noticed it as a stubborn adulterant of copper ore), Al for aluminum—spelled alumin i um in the British Commonwealth nations (named in 1825 from Latin alumen , `astringent substance'), Co for cobalt (isolated in 1735; the name is a variant of German Kobold , a kind of imp).
Jö;ns Jakob Berzelius, who discovered selenium (from Greek selene , `moon') in 1818 and named silicon (from Latin silex , `flint') in 1824, compiled the first systematic table of the elements in 1828, arranged according to units of atomic weight one twelfth of the heft of the commonest isotope of carbon.
Mendeleev's insight was so valuable that when radioactive elements began being synthesized in laboratories during this century, he got one named after him: Mendelevium—note the dropping of the final e!
Other scientists with eponymous atoms include the discoverers of radium, Pierre and Marie Curie (element 96, Curium, symbol Cm, discovered in 1944), Ernest O. Lawrence, founder of the Lawrence Berkeley and Lawrence Livermore laboratories (element 103, Lawrencium, symbol Lr, synthesized in 1961), and, of course, Albert Einstein (element 99, Einsteinium, symbol Es, created in 1952)—the only instance of an atom named after someone still living at the time of its discovery.
Cerium is named for the asteroid Ceres, both having been discovered the same year (1801).
National commemoratives include Americium, Germanium, Polonium and Francium; ancient France likewise gets a nod in Gallium (Ga), the only metal that melts in your hand, not in your chamber (unless you have a very warm room)—named both for Gaul (Latin Gallia, that place which, thanks to Julius Caesar's memoir of its subjugation by the Romans, every schoolchild used to know was divided into three parts) and, in a gesture of unusual levity, as a pun on the name of its discoverer, Paul-Émile Lecoq de Boisbaudran.
Naturally enough, Mosander named the new element Ytterbium, after the town.
Still, they enjoy a brief existence of a sort, and names for them, honoring physicists and the locations of their laboratories, are already queued up awaiting approval by the scientific community at large: Rutherfordium for #104 (Ernest Rutherford), Dubnium for #105 (after the Russian lab at Dubna), Seaborgium for #106 (Glenn Seaborg), Bohrium for #107 (Niels Bohr), Hassium for #108 (Hesse province in Germany, where the Darmstadt lab is located) and—the first element to be named solely for a woman—Meitnerium for #109 (Lise Meitner).
Then there's pseudonym , (false name), eponym (named for a person, e.g., sandwich after Lord Sandwich), and acronym (formed from the initial letters or syllables of a group of words, e.g., snafu meaning “Situation Normal; All Fouled Up” or laser meaning “Light Amplification Stimulated Emissions Radiation”).
Lord Kelvin is credited with coining mho by reversing the spelling of ohm . An ohm is a unit of electrical resistance (named for the German physicist, Georg Simon Ohm), and a mho is a unit of conductivity of a body whose resistance is one ohm.
Fucktruck `a van or car in which people engage in sexual activity' had been mentioned in the introduction as being Australian (where it has been used since the 1960s), a statement rejected by numerous correspondents who testified to their activities in thusly named vehicles in the U.S. of A.; two people noted that the word was also used for `a bus on which one can meet prospective sexual partners' (both, curiously, referring to a shuttle between Wellesley College and the Harvard and M.I.T.
In “Motive in Placenaming” Donald Orth discusses motivation in naming a location and illustrates his point with a very appropriate quote from Mysterious Island by Jules Verne.
Even though they may be considered separate events, there is a direct linkage between the motive to name and the name given.
Last year I was so proud to be named student of the year that I thought my chest was going to burst when I was on stage.
Better yet, most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network, Goodwill Industries, Indianapolis Housing Agency, City of Indianapolis, Indianapolis Private Industry Council, Family and Social Services administration, OTC, Indy Parks, and numerous community development corporations, neighborhood organizations, and churches, to name just a few.
For the past three years, MCCOY has been actively engaged in accomplishing this declared mission in cooperation with many others: youth service providers, youth, funding bodies, and interested citizens to name a few.
The SIDS Alliance has also received a high rating (A-) from the American Institute of Philanthropy, and has been named one of the top children's charities in America by Parenting, Child and Parents magazines.
The names of these illnesses are some of the most feared in our society: cancer, cystic fibrosis, renal failure - just to name a few.
Before I tell you more about that remarkable woman in Pensacola, however - a woman named Wanda Rudolph whose love, compassion and sense of generosity ought to be an example to everyone -I want to tell you just a little bit about what every mother trying to go it alone with her children on a marginal (or worse) income is facing.
They named him "Spiderman" because of the way Miyares clung to the walls and blindly felt his way along the VA's Western Blind Rehabilitation Center (WBRC) at Palo Alto, California.
Four more Challenger Scholars were named in January for the 1992-93 academic year.
Herron is celebrating its 90th birthday with eleven art exhibitions all over town, parties, children's art programs, an artist's symposium, lectures, tours -you name it!
Our faculty, students and staff are reviewing all aspects of the school -curriculum, competencies, financial management, just to name a few - to make sure that we remain at the forefront of dental education.
In the fall of 1987 I was fortunate to be named one of the recipients of an A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship.
The scholarship, named in honor of the school's first director of dental hygiene was established in 1982.
The fund will be named The Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund in honor of the former Chairman of the Department.
The Black Cane Society is named after the Black Cane award which is given annually by the law students to the professor who is voted to be the most outstanding classroom teacher.
Student organizations include: the Student Bar Association, The Black Law Student Association, the Environmental Law Society, Health law Society, the IV Association for Public Interest law, and Women's Caucus--just to name a few
