It is almost inconceivable that he would seek to formulate a framework for understanding the war’s place in American history without relying on biblical imagery.
To understand the core of decoherence, one must understand that the exhibition of interference phenomena, the hallmark of quantum mechanics noted in the double-slit photon experiment, requires that literally all the propagating possible pathways in Feynman’s sum over histories that are to arrive at each point on the photon-counter surface, do in fact arrive at that point.
On the history of courts applying the primary purpose standard, see In re Sealed Case, 310 F.3d 717,725-726 (FISC Ct.
Many of the most potent epigenetically active loci are endogenous rather than transgenic and, therefore, their early epigenetic history is not completely known.
For this study, we have adopted the position that every member of a pedigree has the right to refuse to have personal information such as name, address, and medical history recorded in a research database.
These questionnaires requested information about patients' medical, hearing, and tinnitus histories [ 23 ] . The Appendix contains twelve questions that constitute the Tinnitus Severity Index [ 8 24 ] , an efficient indicator of the negative impacts of tinnitus upon patients (see Appendix, additional file 1).
Certain risk factors were common to both the total risk of diabetic ketoacidosis and the risk of de novo diabetic ketoacidosis (diabetic ketoacidosis occurring in patients without a prior known history of diabetes).
Whether these elements of the evaluation made clinicians examine patients more intensively than those with a negative history is unknown.
There was no association with total number of pregnancies, height, obesity (BMI ≥ 30) weight, BMI, waist and hip circumferences, family history of breast cancer, having ever breastfed and use of oral contraceptives.
The admitting diagnoses are summarized in Table 1. Eighteen patients had a history of cardiac disease, 10 werejaundiced in the preoperative period, 10 underwent preoperative biliaryinstrumentation, nine underwent preoperative biliary drainage, five had ahistory of cirrhosis and/or portal hypertension, four had a history of chronicobstructive pulmonary disease, and three had a history of viral hepatitis.
Each of the three domains of life has explored a wide range of genome GC contents, and organisms at the extremes of the range but with different evolutionary histories may share more convergent amino-acid substitutions than currently recognized.
In a nutshell, GAO currently stands at an important crossroads in its history and in its ability to provide the unique support the Congress and the American people expect from it.
Orbital images, such as the canyon in Figure 1, show clear evidence of the stable and repeated, if not persistent, flow of a low-viscosity fluid on Mars at certain times in its past history.
A ritualistic mark of bravery for Carib warriors was cannibalism, and it’s for this that history most remembers the Indians who invented the hammock and gave their name to the Caribbean.
A Brief History
This put Las Vegas on the map and was one of the crucial turning points of its history.
The exhibition includes working models and displays devoted to the history and ecology of Ireland’s canals.
Perhaps the most widely publicized acts of tolerance in recent history have been in the areas of sex and drugs.
It merited only a few brief mentions in the history of the following centuries.
Mycenaean figurines and pottery, Classical Greek and Roman sculpture, and Byzantine icons, frescoes and tapestries are all well-displayed and illustrate very effectively the varied influences that make up the history of the city.
Nearly every exposed portion of its beams, panels, and pillars is decorated with a painted scene from Chinese myth, history, literature, or geography — 10,000 brightly painted panels in all.
For a personal touch, there are a number of guides who provide guided walks full of interesting details of local history.
Across the street from the ROM, the George R. Gardiner Museum of Ceramic Art offers a very attractive way of acquiring an instant history of ceramics from 2000 b.c. to the 18th century.
It now serves as a museum of history and archaeology.
A Brief HistorY
In the end, though, I think Morris' real problem is that he doesn't understand American politics well enough, and doesn't know enough American history, to be able to make sense of Reagan in anything but personal terms--and that in the absence of an accessible personal story he was left, in effect, with nothing.
Education Secretary Lamar Alexander proposed to test fourth graders, eighth graders, and 12 th graders in five different subjects, including American history.
Also, a surprisingly favorable article about the Christian Coalition's campaign to recruit blacks and help rebuild burned black churches: This seems to be a truly sincere effort to atone for a history of white Christian racism.
There are three other long histories: An appreciation of Sinatra as the "greatest interpretive musician" of the century, yet another piece on former New Yorker editor William Shawn (the gist--he was too careful and too afraid to ever really live), and a long recounting of the Jeffrey ( Fatal Vision ) MacDonald murders.
Praise goes to its book, written by a high-school history teacher: It invests the Continental Congress' debate with a "thrill [that] is ...
It was his chance to put something in the history books, says Shields.
But even if it is, the history of technology is littered with superior products that never attained mass appeal.
They proposed to erase it from history, as though Clinton's and Lewinsky's depositions had never happened.
The paper reminds those scoring at home that the $60 billion merger is the second largest in corporate history, trailing only March's $70 billion Citicorp/Travelers Group union.
If the din of history is held at bay in the uptown section of "China: 5,000 Years," it is everywhere audible downtown, in the SoHo installation of post-1850 work.
A mystery of history."
The saga that unfolds in Personal History , Katharine Graham's 625-page autobiography, is worthy of a Joseph Campbell exegesis: A young Wall Street king, Eugene Meyer, marries his aggressive queen, Agnes, and they spawn a royal family of four princesses and a prince.
In the current exhibit of Picasso's early work on display in the National Gallery in Washington (which is pegged to Richardson's first volume), the walls wreak havoc with art history: Picasso consuming Symbolism; Picasso eating Impressionism; Picasso devouring Fauvism.
But, if he had bothered to read any history books, he'd have discovered that a new set of entrepreneurs was born out of the massive Boeing layoffs of 1970, when tens of thousands of unemployed Boeing workers were trying their hands at anything to make a buck.
The economic history of Brazil is one of punctured enthusiasms--of brief episodes of hope followed by bitter disappointment.
They don't usually understand legal and ethical principles, and they don't know much about history.
During the past decade, Serbia has taken advantage of this version of its World War II history to make common cause with Israel.
"TV is the most important medium for conveying history.
After vowing never to discuss his drug history, he admitted that he had "made some mistakes" but said he would have passed a 15-year background check in 1989.
It took all of human history to 1800 to reach the first billion.
The highest winds in recorded history had swept through Paris, and for us it was just another night.
The LAT and the WSJ note the quickness with which the market came back from its recent twenty percent drop, the LAT saying that it was "the shortest bear market in history."
Dio , God, `resting upon the modern English pronunciation of dear , finds no support in the history of the word.
We cover the histories of these industries, including the information technologies that have transformed these enterprises, manufacturing processes, inventory management, the new role of logistics, and global trade implications and policies.
Every channel has its particular history, elements, and dynamics, and retail-apparel-textile channels are no exception.
The 1980s ushered in yuppie brands, and in the 1990s history repeated itself as baby boomers’ children adopted the bedraggled grunge look.
After this introduction, Chapter 2 (“The Past as Prologue”) offers a brief history of recent technological and human resource developments in retailing, apparel production—including the role of jobbers, contractors, and manufacturers—and textile enterprises.
31 Voluntary compliance measures and agreements in the United States, outside of collective bargaining, have thus far had a history of short-term viability and limited effectiveness.
His story underscores the international role of textiles and apparel, their impetus in national economic development, and their place in conflicts over domestic production and imports—a theme that recurs throughout U.S. history.
Most retailers have to make demand forecasts for products in two different categories: existing products for which historical sales data are available and new products with no selling history.
Forecasting Demand for Products with a Selling History
First of all, a product’s selling history is only representative of future sales if the product is sold in a stable environment.
Rather, the child derives them from his or her history of relations with other people.
It—along with other symbolic tools, such as gestures, aids to memory, systems for counting, works of art, diagrams, and maps—is the product of the social history of a cultural group, the result of members’ eorts to create a communal way of life.
Parents who capitalize on these moments ensure that their children internalize the history, values, knowledge, skills, habits, practices, and understandings of their families and communities.
Children who live close to their grandparents beneﬁt greatly, enjoying aectionate, playful relationships with them at early ages and looking to them for information, role models, family history, and values later on.
During those times, she asked lots of questions about our work and home lives, and also about her parents, especially their early history: ‘Was my mom close to her mom?
She has collected oral histories and folktales from elderly Mexican Americans, many of them born in Arizona or Sonora, Mexico.
These oral histories nostalgically narrate the lives of men and women born at the turn of the century, describing the rural way of life on cattle ranches and the early city life of Tucson.
Thomas Sheridan has written a social history of the Mexican people of Tucson from 1854 to 1941, thoughtfully showing the social and cultural changes that occurred to the Tucsonenses after the coming of the Anglo Americans.
A recent article by Josiah Heyman presents a social history of Douglas, Arizona, presented through the oral histories of residents of that city during the first decades of the twentieth century.
A recent article by Josiah Heyman presents a social history of Douglas, Arizona, presented through the oral histories of residents of that city during the first decades of the twentieth century.
Major Horace Bell describes the difference between a baile and a fandango in Mexican California history and Arnoldo De Leon describes the baile in eighteenth-century San Antonio.
The song actually goes back to early Mexican colonial history; it has been traced to 1790 when it was performed at the Coliseo Theatre in Mexico City.
In Chicano culture, barrios are identified by given names that in some way describe a characteristic of the neighborhood or reflect its history.
He equated Spanish folk songs with the romantic past of the Californios and Mexicans and felt almost a nostalgic fascination for early California history and the era of the large ranchos.
In Angustias de la Guerra, Ord’s Occurrences in Hispanic California, she describes some customs, but her work was not intended to preserve for history the way of life of the Californios.
This comprehensive work is a cultural history of the Hispanic population of California, Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, and the Texas-Mexico border region.
It originated in the era of Inquisitorial Spain and has misrepresented the history of Spain since the 1500s.
The printed history of the conquest of the New World depicts a violent and corrupt invasion, but there is a belief that the Black Legend has influenced the way this history has been written.
The printed history of the conquest of the New World depicts a violent and corrupt invasion, but there is a belief that the Black Legend has influenced the way this history has been written.
The cause for derogatory stereotyping of Mexicans, and other Latin Americans, is difficult to understand, and the negative stereotype seems to have no historical basis, until one understands the history of the Black Legend.
As one writer put it, “It is finally time to let go of a single, narrow understanding of the tale and to see La Llorona instead as an always evolving emblem of gender, sexuality, and power—and, too, as another female victim of history’s tender mercies” (Candelaria, 115).
A low-rider 1969 Ford LTD called “Dave’s Dream” is on display at the Smithsonian National Museum of American History in Washington D.C., the first and only low-rider car in the museum.
Not to be confused with farolitos, luminarias are small bonfires, and the custom of lighting them dates back to the Roman history of Spain.
The folklore generated from this experience has been frozen into legends and family oral histories.
It imitated the Mexican mural art that was created during the postrevolutionary period of Mexico’s history, and was intended to promote political action and raise consciousness.
Chicano muralists followed the tradition of the Mexican muralists Diego Rivera, David Alfaro Siqueiros, and José Clemente Orozco, and used murals to rewrite the history of the Chicano experience.
The Chicano muralists sought to paint the history they knew, a history often based on “oral traditions, legends and myths” (Romo, 136).
The Chicano muralists sought to paint the history they knew, a history often based on “oral traditions, legends and myths” (Romo, 136).
The legend of Joaquín Murrieta is the romantic story of a handsome Mexican highwayman, considered a bandit by history but a great folk hero by Chicanos.
This is the basic story of Joaquín that all subsequent histories are based on.
Joseph Henry Jackson’s work traces the history of the legend, claiming all the information came from the John Rollin Ridge version and that he should be credited with starting the “fictitious” legend.
Marianne Stoller writes of the work of New Mexican women artists and why they have been left out of history.
Several New Mexican women who descended from the early Spanish settlers of the region wrote personal life histories that incorporated the traditional way of life of the Hispano community of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Because of its long history New Mexico will always be a bountiful reservoir for the serious folklorist.
It is more than an autobiography, since it is interspersed with folklore narratives, Hispano traditions, and early southwest history.
Tattoos of Christian images have always been popular among Chicanos, and the custom of tattooing images of Jesus Christ, crucifixes, La Virgen de Guadalupe, and other Madonnas has a long history.
His research and publications encompass various disciplines from anthropology to literature to social history.
Paredes’s research emphasized the importance of the informant’s culture, and the social setting and history of the community of the informant.
Because of its ancient history there are many variants of Los Pastores, and several versions have developed a comic dialogue between Lucifer and Cucharón, Bartolo, and the other characters.
Ramón Laval gives a brief literary history of de Urdemalas and publishes a small series of tales collected in Chile in the late nineteenth century.
Recent histories of Chicanos and the Catholic Church suggest that Mexicans were not dependent on a priest-centered religion and developed their own popular devotions performed without a priest.
With His Pistol in His Hand: A Border Ballad and Its Hero, published in 1958 by the University of Texas Press, is not only one of the most important academic works on the history of the Chicano, but it is also respected as major scholarship in the field of folklore studies, and specifically on the genre of the ballad.
It is a study of a border ballad, “El Corrido de Gregorio Cortez,” which looks at the history of the Texas-Mexican border and the life of Gregorio Cortez, and presents an analysis of the man as a ballad hero.
It is the cultural monument that unites the French across history.
God somehow will redeem all of us at the end of history.
We had descended into the bloodiest war of our history without clear purposes or any understanding of how it might end.
Here we take a page from British constitutional history to understand how a practice can be become part of the accumulated historical constitution without this being the purpose of those who initiated the practice.
This generates a dynamic of history that should, according to the theory, eventually produce a revolution by the exploited class of laborers.
But, as we have learned from the history of alcohol and cigarette consumption, advertising and peer group influence can lead people to develop habits that they later regret.
With his carefully crafted two-minute speech at Gettysburg, the best political address in the nation’s history, Lincoln created a Nomos, a world of norms and meaning, for comprehending the mass slaughter on American soil.
Thus, by extending themselves out over history, Americans became a nation in the European sense, in the same sense as had already been realized in England and in France and was then making itself felt in the unification movements in Italy and Germany.
Each people of common history and language constitutes a nation, and the natural form for the nation’s survival was in a state structure.
My sense of the literature of American history is that our scholars not only ignore the biblical influences on Lincoln’s thinking at Gettysburg but also fail to understand the significance of the “nation” that “our fathers brought forth on this continent.”
If this was the thrust of mid-century European history, the same was to be expected of the immigrant nation of the United States.
The nation is born of history; the dead link us to time past.
The fantasies of power, the aspirations of “We the People” cannot undo the defining power of history.
by History
Will of the livingCommand of history, 
Four score years of history proved that their self-ordering led them, as Lincoln put it in the second inaugural, into committing “offences” for which they would pay with a “terrible war.”
Before turning to the counter thrust of postbellum history, we need to understand more fully the internal coherence of the constitutional order signaled by the Gettysburg Address.
Given the long history of popular belief in the intrinsic superiority of certain classes of people—men, whites, Christians, Americans—the philosophical belief in equality stands as a critique of commonly held beliefs.
The postbellum history of the United States has carried the egalitarian message of Gettysburg into the liberation of ever more marginal groups.
Our sensibilities are conditioned by our history.
But, however difficult the struggle, we have a history of which we can be proud.
The limited political sphere of the nation facilitates the recognition of others as human beings sharing a common history.
They need not be brothers and not exactly friends, but they could at last recognize each other as compatriots with a common language, a single history, and a shared future.
By 1868, we had in place a clause in the Fourteenth Amendment that was unique in American constitutional history: no state could “deprive any person of the equal protection of the laws.”
33 As history would have it, however, the “privileges and immunities” clause of the Fourteenth Amendment has not had—at least until recently—any impact on constitutional debates.
Yet, there is reason to applaud Black’s reading of our history, as there is to honor the divergent views found in Bruce Ackerman’s and in Akhil Amar’s writings.
35 Amar, too, reads the history in his own way.
History never gave them the chance.
As American history took its course in the decades that followed the “war for the nation,” we managed to betray the inner meaning of the great sacrifice that Lincoln sought to consecrate at Gettysburg.
But the states that entered the Union between the founding of the nation and the end of the Civil War, all twenty-three of them, could hardly be thought of as enjoying the same history of a prior state of independence as the original thirteen.
How the Court accomplished these acts of reinterpretation constitutes a major chapter in the intellectual history of the United States.
It is the history of the way in which we took the words of the postbellum legal order, betrayed their inner sense, and assimilated the new legal order into the original Constitution of 1787.
In 1869, four years after the war was over, the Louisiana legislature passed a statute that brought home the persistence of a dispute about economic freedom that reached back to the earliest stages of modern European and English legal history.
The confrontation was so deep and so wrenching for the history of the Constitution that these conflicts have taken on epic proportions.
The “abstract justice” mentioned by the dissenting Justice Field derives from the weight of history.
Applying the traditional rule of jus soli to everyone born on American soil—except for the children of diplomats and other people “not subject to the jurisdiction” of the country—had the radical effect of eliminating family and racial history from the definition of the bond between citizen and government in the United States.
For the advocates of the butchers’ economic rights, the critical perspective was the long history of emancipating craftsmen and laborers from the feudal bondage that subjected them to a network of service and financial obligations.
This was the first time in our history that constitutional amendments carried with them an expansion of Congressional authority.
The nation comes alive, as Lincoln viewed our history, as a bond forged in an historical struggle.
Lincoln had conceived of rooting our history in the identity generated by the struggle for independence.
History had forged a unique nation of people of diverse origins.
55 The ideals of Gettysburg became, for the lawyers in the second half of the nineteenth century, a matter of history.
Our history took a different course, one that required us to confront, in ways that we hardly expected, the moral difficulties of understanding equality under law.
This transformation of a slave population was unique in the history of revolutionary wars.
We live in a time of national disintegration—witness Czechoslovakia, the Soviet Union, and the near-misses in Canada—and, therefore, the state is properly advised to cultivate a common identity and a sense of shared history and destiny.
19 The proponents of patriotic rituals, such as honoring the flag, could learn from the history of religious sensibility in the United States.
The first is Feynman’s famous sum over all possible trajectories, or histories, approach.
The classical pathway, therefore, is simultaneously the most probable pathway over the sum of histories of all possible pathways, and the pathway that requires the least action.
If Feynman’s sum over histories must assume a smooth background space and time, then it cannot as such be taken as primitive in quantum gravity.
Second, granting a continuous background space and time, Feynman’s sum over all histories still only gives a maximum of the amplitude for the photon to travel the classical pathway, it never gives an actual photon arriving at the counting surface.
If some fail to arrive, the sum over all histories fails.
In essence, Hartle and Gell-Mann ask us to consider “the quantum state of the universe” and all possible quantum histories of the universe from its initial state.
Some of these histories of the universe may happen to decohere.
Hartle and Gell-Mann argue that the decoherent histories of the universe, where true probabilities can be assigned, rather than mere amplitudes, correspond to the classical realm.
It is striking that there appear to be two such separate accounts of the relation between the quantum and classical worlds, Feynman’s sum over histories in a smooth background space-time and decoherence.
This begins to suggest preferred histories of the universe concerning such comeasuring pairs of quantum systems.
If so, this begins to refine the suggestion of preferred histories of the universe concerning comeasuring pairs of quantum systems toward a preference for the emergence of classical diversity and complexity: If quantum systems with more coupled degrees of freedom irreversibly decohere more rapidly into classical behavior when they interact than smaller, simpler systems, then the kinetics of decoherence should persistently favor the irreversible accumulation of bigger, more complex quantum systems, rather than of smaller, simpler, quantum systems.
A history becomes a “world-line” in space-time.
I now describe one approach to thinking about quantum gravity and the emergence of a smooth large-scale geometry based on this mandala and on Feynman’s idea of a sum over all histories.
Begin with all amplitude concentrated in the initial spin network tetrahedron in gamma . In this vision, a unit of time elapsing is associated with a Pachner move, such as a move from gamma to a point in gamma . With analogy to Feynman’s sum over all possible histories, consider the set of all pathways that begin at the initial tetrahedron in gamma and end on a given specific spin network N time steps later, for N = . That final spin network might lie in the gamma- ring, the gamma- ring, the gamma- ring, or any ring out to the gamma-N ring.
If we consider the family of all histories beginning on gamma and ending in a specific spin network in the gamma N = ring, those pathways must be very similar and few in number.
Then (goes the hope shared with Smolin) the neighboring spin networks in the gamma-N shell constitute nearly the same geometry and nearly the same action in the sum of histories reaching them, which begins to suggest that a smooth large-scale geometry might emerge.
Second, Feynman’s sum over histories assumes a classical continuous space and time.
It may be entirely invalid to attempt to use a sum over histories argument in this quantum geometry setting.
Third, assuming we can use Feynman’s sum over histories, we still have possible quantum geometries, not an actual geometry.
Imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws (thereby the initial and boundary conditions are specified), where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change, as does the spin network, and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given, perhaps new, fundamental amplitude laws.
Imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws (thereby the initial and boundary conditions are specified), where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change, as does the spin network, and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given, perhaps new, fundamental amplitude laws.
Imagine a sum of histories from an initial gamma- tetrahedron in a mandala with some given fundamental amplitude laws (thereby the initial and boundary conditions are specified), where the pathways in that set of histories pass up and down the stack of mandalas such that the fundamental amplitude laws change, as does the spin network, and then consider the bundle of all such histories that end on a given spin network in a given gamma ring with given, perhaps new, fundamental amplitude laws.
In eect, this conceptual move allows there to be quantum uncertainty not only with respect to spin networks along histories, but also quantum uncertainty with respect to the law by which amplitude propagates.
Then one can imagine a sum over all histories that, by constructive interference alone, picks those pathways, hence fundamental amplitude laws, that minimize the change in the ways amplitudes propagate.
Then, by mere constructive interference, one can hope that such a process would pick out not only the history, but also tune the law to the well-chosen fundamental amplitudes laws that maximized constructive interference.
In such a large-scale classical-like space and time, Feynman’s familiar sum over histories that minimizes a least action along classical trajectories would emerge as a consequence.
Nevertheless, it is possible that the concept of the law selecting itself via maximum constructive interference in a sum over all possible histories in a space of both spin networks and laws might possibly have relevance to string theory.
I therefore make the suggestion that the same pattern of reasoning that I described above, a sum over histories of trajectories that vary both in configurations and in the laws, which maximizes constructive interference, might prove a useful approach.
In the hyperspace of Calabi-Yau spaces, where one Calabi-Yau space can deform into its neighbors, it should be possible to construct a sum over all histories of trajectories between an initial and final state in the same or dierent Calabi-Yau space, then seek such sums over histories that maximize constructive interference.
In the hyperspace of Calabi-Yau spaces, where one Calabi-Yau space can deform into its neighbors, it should be possible to construct a sum over all histories of trajectories between an initial and final state in the same or dierent Calabi-Yau space, then seek such sums over histories that maximize constructive interference.
The first is based on Feynman’s sum over histories, but as a perturbative theory assumes a continuous background space-time and does not get rid of the linear superposition of possibilities that is the core of quantum mechanics and interference.
In place of the anthropic principle or Lee Smolin’s cosmic selection, I have suggested one possible approach to the choices of the constants of nature by maximizing constructive interference over a sum of all histories through a space of both configurations and laws.
A brief history of the origin of writing: In the early Near East, loans of sheep and goats were common.
If we cannot have all the categories that may be of relevance finitely prestated ahead of time, how else should we talk about the emergence in the biosphere or in our history = a piece of the biosphere = of new relevant categories, new functionalities, new ways of making a living?
And as we shall see in detail, the exaptations of Gertrude and others leaves macroscopic living footprints, propagating frozen accidents, on the history of the universe.
The specific molecular configurations that arise almost certainly include molecular species that are ever unique in the history of the universe.
In short, since the relevant timescale for the ergodic hypothesis to hold is vastly longer than the actual present history of the universe, the macroscopic features of the universe with respect to the specific sets of complex molecules that exist on this planet  in giant cold molecular clouds, and so forth  are kinetically trapped into an infinitesimal subset of those molecular species that might have come into existence in an ensemble of dierent histories of the universe.
In short, since the relevant timescale for the ergodic hypothesis to hold is vastly longer than the actual present history of the universe, the macroscopic features of the universe with respect to the specific sets of complex molecules that exist on this planet  in giant cold molecular clouds, and so forth  are kinetically trapped into an infinitesimal subset of those molecular species that might have come into existence in an ensemble of dierent histories of the universe.
History enters when the space of the possible that might have been explored is larger, or vastly larger, than what has actually occurred.
Precisely because the actual of the biosphere is so tiny compared to what might have occurred in the past . billion years and because autonomous agents can evolve by heritable variations that induce propagating frozen accidents in descendant lineages, the biosphere is profoundly contingent upon history.
The advantages of trade predate the human economy by essentially the entire history of life on this planet.
Indeed, we allow agents to evolve how much of the past history of the interactions they will pay attention to and how complex their models of one another will be  one, four, or fifty Fourier modes.
Agents evolve in a history and complexity space to find currently optimal amounts of history and complexity to use to optimally predict their neighbors.
Agents evolve in a history and complexity space to find currently optimal amounts of history and complexity to use to optimally predict their neighbors.
In our little world, the agents evolve to use a modest history, ignoring the distant past, and only modestly complex theories of one another.
Given the semantic import of yuck and yum, and the reality of natural games for fox and hare, for E. coli and paramecium, these changing theories and actions are part of the fabric of history of the market, the savannah, and the small pond.
The history of Western architecture is of architects searching for rules, only to bend and break them.
Although art historians use terms like Gothic Revival and Greek Revival to distinguish later reincarnations of styles, architects look at history differently.
Consciousness of the past may also explain why architects tend to resist being categorized according to style; they instinctively understand that the history of architecture—including the present—is a continuity rather than a series of episodes.
Although Renaissance architects described their architecture as all’antica—in the antique manner—they took it for granted that the history of architecture was a progression: the Romans improved on the Greeks, and they would improved on the Romans.
For the first time in history, all nonemergency civilian aircraft in the United States were grounded, stranding tens of thousands of passengers across the country.
If the government's leaders understood the gravity of the threat they faced and understood at the same time that their policies to eliminate it were not likely to succeed any time soon, then history's judgment will be harsh.
This pattern has occurred before in American history.
The catastrophic threat at this moment in history is more specific.
History has shown that even the most vigilant and expert agencies cannot always prevent determined, suicidal attackers from reaching a target.
Travel history, however, is still recorded in passports with entry-exit stamps called cachets, which al Qaeda has trained its operatives to forge and use to conceal their terrorist activities.
There are many databases just in the United States-for terrorist, criminal, and immigration history, as well as financial information, for instance.
Our history has shown us that insecurity threatens liberty.
5. See UAL letter, "Flight 175-11Sep01 Passenger ACI Check-in History," July 11, 2002.
See TSA report, "Selectee Status of September 11th Hijackers," undated; see also UAL letter,"Flight 175- 11 Sep01 Passenger ACI Check-in History," July 11, 2002.
UAL record, Flight 93 EWR bag loading status, Sept. 11, 2001; UAL record, Flight 93 EWR ACI passenger history, Sept. 11, 2001; UAL record, Flight 93 EWR full bag history, Sept. 11, 2001; TSA report, "Selectee Status of September 11th Hijackers," undated; FBI report,"The Final 24 Hours,"Dec.
UAL record, Flight 93 EWR bag loading status, Sept. 11, 2001; UAL record, Flight 93 EWR ACI passenger history, Sept. 11, 2001; UAL record, Flight 93 EWR full bag history, Sept. 11, 2001; TSA report, "Selectee Status of September 11th Hijackers," undated; FBI report,"The Final 24 Hours,"Dec.
UAL record, Flight 93 EWR ACI passenger history, Sept. 11, 2001; see also FBI report, "The Final 24 Hours,"Dec.
6. For a classic passage conveying the nostalgic view of Islam's spread, see Henri Pirenne, A History of Europe, trans.
9. From the perspective of Islamic, not Arab, history, the Baghdad Caliphate's destruction by the Mongols in 1292 marks the end not of Islamic greatness but of Arab dominance of the Muslim world.
Mohammed Yahya Nawwroz and Lester W. Grau,"The Soviet War in Afghanistan; History and Harbinger of Future War?"
A wealth of information on al Qaeda's evolution and history has been obtained from materials seized in recent years, including files labeled "Tareekh Usama" (Usama's history) and "Tareekh al Musadat" (History of the Services Bureau).
A wealth of information on al Qaeda's evolution and history has been obtained from materials seized in recent years, including files labeled "Tareekh Usama" (Usama's history) and "Tareekh al Musadat" (History of the Services Bureau).
A wealth of information on al Qaeda's evolution and history has been obtained from materials seized in recent years, including files labeled "Tareekh Usama" (Usama's history) and "Tareekh al Musadat" (History of the Services Bureau).
133; Steve Coll, Ghost Wars: The Secret History of the CIA, Afghanistan, and bin Laden, from the Soviet Invasion to September 10, 2001 (Penguin, 2004), p.
On the role of different U.S. government agencies, see Steve Coll, Ghost War: The Secret History of the CIA, Afghanistan, and bin Laden, from the Soviet Invasion to September 10, 2001 (Penguin, 2004), p.
For a general history of the FBI, supporting the subsequent text (unless otherwise noted), see Athan G. Theoharis, et al.
, The FBI: A Comprehensive Reference Guide (Onyx Press, 1999); the FBI's authorized history, FBI report, "History of the FBI" (online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm); the FBI's history as told by the Federation of American Scientists, "History of the FBI," updated June 18, 2003 (online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm).
, The FBI: A Comprehensive Reference Guide (Onyx Press, 1999); the FBI's authorized history, FBI report, "History of the FBI" (online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm); the FBI's history as told by the Federation of American Scientists, "History of the FBI," updated June 18, 2003 (online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm).
, The FBI: A Comprehensive Reference Guide (Onyx Press, 1999); the FBI's authorized history, FBI report, "History of the FBI" (online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm); the FBI's history as told by the Federation of American Scientists, "History of the FBI," updated June 18, 2003 (online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm).
, The FBI: A Comprehensive Reference Guide (Onyx Press, 1999); the FBI's authorized history, FBI report, "History of the FBI" (online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm); the FBI's history as told by the Federation of American Scientists, "History of the FBI," updated June 18, 2003 (online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm).
, The FBI: A Comprehensive Reference Guide (Onyx Press, 1999); the FBI's authorized history, FBI report, "History of the FBI" (online at www.fbi.gov/libref/historic/history/historymain.htm); the FBI's history as told by the Federation of American Scientists, "History of the FBI," updated June 18, 2003 (online at www.fas.org/irp/agency/doj/fbi/fbi_hist.htm).
On Pan Am bombing investigation, see Commission analysis of U.S. counterterrorism strategy from 1968 to 1993; FBI report, "History of the FBI."
6, 2004); Federation of American Scientists, "History of the FBI;" DOJ Inspector General report,"Federal Bureau of Investigation Casework and Human Resource Allocation," Sept. 2003, pp. iv, vi, viii, x, xiii.
See also discussion of the history of the NSA caveats in the notes to Chapter 8.
For the Agency's more recent history, see Robert M. Gates, From the Shadows: The Ultimate Insider's Story of Five Presidents and How They Won the Cold War (Simon & Schuster, 1996).
26, 1995; DOS report, "History of the Department of State During the Clinton Presidency (1993-2001),"undated (online at www.state.gov/r/pa/ho/pubs/c6059.htm); Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Pub.
For more details, see Steve Coll, Ghost Wars: The Secret History of the CIA, Afghanistan, and bin Laden, from the Soviet Invasion to September 10, 2001 (Penguin, 2004), p.
On the Balkan crises, see Tim Judah, The Serbs: History, Myth and the Destruction of Yugoslavia (Yale Univ.
A good account of the episode is found in Steve Coll, Ghost Wars: The Secret History of the CIA, Afghanistan, and bin Laden, from the Soviet Invasion to September 10, 2001 (Penguin, 2004), pp. 487-491; see also ibid.
See CIA memo, "History of Funding for CIA Counterterrorism," Aug. 12, 2002.
Our conclusion that these first responder death totals were the largest in U.S. history is based on our inability to find contrary evidence.
Based on our review of their visa and travel histories, we believe it possible that as many as eleven additional hijackers (Wail al Shehri, Waleed al Shehri, Mohand al Shehri, Hani Hanjour, Majed Moqed, Nawaf al Hazmi, Hamza al Ghamdi, Ahmed al Ghamdi, Saeed al Ghamdi, Ahmed al Nami, and Ahmad al Haznawi) held passports containing these same fraudulent features, but their passports have not been found so we cannot be sure.
8. For a history of the DCI's authority over the intelligence community, see CIA report, Michael Warner ed.
The history, culture, and body of beliefs from which Bin Ladin has shaped and spread his message are largely unknown to many Americans.
His rhetoric selectively draws from multiple sources-Islam, history, and the region's political and economic malaise.
It does mean that some Muslims tend to be uncomfortable with distinctions between religion and state, though Muslim rulers throughout history have readily separated the two.
The extreme Islamist version of history blames the decline from Islam's golden age on the rulers and people who turned away from the true path of their religion, thereby leaving Islam vulnerable to encroaching foreign powers eager to steal their land, wealth, and even their souls.
Bin Ladin's Worldview Despite his claims to universal leadership, Bin Ladin offers an extreme view of Islamic history designed to appeal mainly to Arabs and Sunnis.
A member of the Muslim Brotherhood executed in 1966 on charges of attempting to overthrow the government, Qutb mixed Islamic scholarship with a very superficial acquaintance with Western history and thought.
Sent by the Egyptian government to study in the United States in the late 1940s, Qutb returned with an enormous loathing of Western society and history.
To the second question, what America could do, al Qaeda's answer was that America should abandon the Middle East, convert to Islam, and end the immorality and godlessness of its society and culture:"It is saddening to tell you that you are the worst civilization witnessed by the history of mankind."
History and Political Context Few fundamentalist movements in the Islamic world gained lasting political power.
Millions, pursuing secular as well as religious studies, were products of educational systems that generally devoted little if any attention to the rest of the world's thought, history, and culture.
If the instigation for jihad against the Jews and the Americans to liberate the holy places "is considered a crime,"he said,"let history be a witness that I am a criminal."
With this history, the CIA brought to the era of 9/11 many attributes of an elite organization, viewing itself as serving on the nation's front lines to engage America's enemies.
The history of such cooperation in 1997 and 1998 had been strained.
Proposals to help the Northern Alliance had been debated in the U.S. government since 1999 and, as we mentioned in chapter 4, the U.S. government as a whole had been wary of endorsing them, largely because of the Northern Alliance's checkered history, its limited base of popular support in Afghanistan, and Pakistan's objections.
Rice had asked University of Virginia history professor Philip Zelikow to advise her on the transition.
Firefighter deaths-a total of 22 during the 1990s-compared favorably with the most tranquil periods in the department's history.
In the 17-minute period between 8:46 and 9:03 A.M. on September 11, New York City and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey had mobilized the largest rescue operation in the city's history.
What had been the largest and most complicated rescue operation in city history instantly doubled in magnitude.
On September 11, the nation suffered the largest loss of life-2,973-on its soil as a result of hostile attack in its history.
The FDNY suffered 343 fatalities- the largest loss of life of any emergency response agency in history.
The PAPD suffered 37 fatalities-the largest loss of life of any police force in history.
The NYPD suffered 23 fatalities-the second largest loss of life of any police force in history, exceeded only by the number of PAPD officers lost the same day.
Because the department has a history of mobilizing thousands of officers for major events requiring crowd control, its technical radio capability and major incident protocols were more easily adapted to an incident of the magnitude of 9/11.
September 11, 2001, was a day of unprecedented shock and suffering in the history of the United States.
We present this report as a foundation for a better understanding of a landmark in the history of our nation.
Self-reported covariates include age, gender, smoking (never or former), history of arthritis, cancer, diabetes, fair or poor self-rated health status, limitations in activities of daily living or in instrumental activities of daily living, and 10 pounds or more unintended weight loss in the year before baseline.
We regressed YOL and YHL first on age, age squared, race, and smoking history (former or never), and second on all of the covariates listed above.
Risk factors included previous MI or stroke, left ventricular hypertrophy by electrocardiogram or echocardiogram, history of type 2 diabetes, current cigarette smoking, and low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) level.
The differences in eligibility risk factors between those participants with HF and those without is not surprising: larger percentages of those with HF had a history of MI, stroke, CABG, angioplasty, other atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), diabetes, low HDL levels and ECG abnormalities.
A recent example is [ 8 ] , in which all participants, even those who discontinued treatment (lovastatin or placebo), were contacted annually for vital status, cardiovascular events, and cancer history.
Herein, we will analyze the integrated function of the metabolic pathways, and there has been a long history of mathematical modeling of metabolic networks in cellular systems, which dates back to the 1960s [ 11, 12].
However, we have used the biochemical literature to refine the in silico metabolic genotype and given the long history of E. coli metabolic research [ 20], a large percentage of the E. coli metabolic capabilities have likely been identified.
On a practical level, using phylogeny to reconstruct viruses' mutational histories and then using intuited mutations leaves one with insufficient data to determine positively-selected codons [ 36] unless, as some have done, one assumes observed drift is neutral and then tests for codons where selection is more positive than average [ 23, 38].
Due to domain shuffling many proteins are mosaic proteins, composed of domains with different evolutionary histories [ 46 47 ] . For such proteins it makes much sense to analyze each domain individually.
The cDNA array has a long history of development [ 3 ] stemming from immunodiagnostic work in the 1980s; however, it has been most widely developed in recent years by Stanford University (California) researchers depositing cDNA tags onto glass slides, or chips, with precise robotic printers [ 4 ] . Labeled cDNA fragments are then hybridized to the tags on the chip, scanned, and differences in mRNA between samples identified and visualized using a variation of the red/green matrix originally introduced by Eisen and colleagues [ 5 ] . The light-generated oligonucleotide array, developed by Affymetrix, Inc. (Santa Clara, CA), involves synthesizing short 25-mer oligonucleotide probes directly onto a glass slide using photolithographic masks [ 6 7 ] . Sample processing includes the production of labeled cRNA, hybridization to a microarray, and quantification of the obtained signal after laser scanning.
All had normal neuromuscular function and were healthy according to history, physical examination, and laboratory tests.
Although morphology often correlates with natural history of disease, tumors of a given pattern may have a broad prognostic range and different responses to treatment.
Resulting coordinates are histories of one bit of the symbols preceding the encoded symbol with the most recent symbol's bit stored in the left-most bit position (most significant position).
Patients with a history of malignancy, endometriosis, or pelvic infections were excluded from the study.
These patterns have been interpreted as a general signature of the symbiotic origin of eukaryotes [ 2 3 ] and horizontal gene transfer (HGT) of symbiont genes to the nucleus [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . On the one hand, this complexity resulting from HGT can obscure some aspects of evolutionary history [ 8 ] . However, HGT also can provide the means to investigate otherwise difficult questions, such as inferring the number of symbiotic events and estimating the time of those events.
The purpose of this study was to examine the temporal relationship between the origin of eukaryotes and events in Earth history.
Until about five years ago, it was generally accepted that there was a prior period (before mitochondria) in the history of eukaryotes [ 2 26 ] . The basal position of eukaryotes lacking mitochondria (amitochondriate) in phylogenetic trees [ 27 ] was consistent with this supposition as was evidence from sequence signatures [ 6 ] . However, molecular phylogenetic studies of several proteins in recent years have suggested that some or all amitochondriate eukaryotes once possessed mitochondria in the past [ 9 ] . Based on this new evidence, most current models for the origin of eukaryotes assume only a single symbiotic or fusion event between an archaebacterium and an α-proteobacterium [ 8 28 29 ] .
Moreover, the timing of these biological events is consistent with the timing of events in geologic and atmospheric history (Fig.
The possibility even has been discussed that the amount of lateral gene exchange is such that it invalidates the very principle of representing the evolution of species as a tree; instead, the only adequate representation of evolutionary history could be a complex network [ 6 ] [ 25 ] . Genome-trees seem to be the last resort for the species tree concept.
It appears that this is the only meaningful way to treat the notion of a species tree: as the history of a relatively large ensemble of genes, not a comprehensive representation of the history of entire genomes.
It appears that this is the only meaningful way to treat the notion of a species tree: as the history of a relatively large ensemble of genes, not a comprehensive representation of the history of entire genomes.
Life history theory and experiments have repeatedly demonstrated trade-offs between current survival and future reproduction in both animals and plants [ 16 17 ] . According to this theory there is an overall energy budget for an organism, with a finite amount available to divide between these two evolutionarily important processes.
, [ 23 24 ] ]. The middle repetitive fraction was viewed as the descendent of once active TEs that had the misfortune of inserting into transcriptionally inert heterochromatin at some point in their evolutionary history [e.g.
We compare this phylogeny to one derived from 16S rRNA, and suggest possible implications for the evolutionary history of arsenic resistance in microorganisms.
These results add to our understanding of the natural history of glaucoma in mice and provide a new animal model for studying glaucoma involving increased IOP.
Although none of the patients had a family history of DMD, all were determined to be highly likely to have dystrophin gene mutations, as opposed to other genetic causes of muscular dystrophy (see Table 1).
Through the advertisement in the campus newspaper of this institution, healthy subjects without a prior history of diabetes and hypertension were invited to participate in the study.
A causal association between squamous cell carcinoma arising in the head and neck region (HNSCC) and exposure to tobacco and alcohol is well established [ 1 2 3 ] . However, 10-15% HNSCC occur in patients without any antecedent history of tobacco or alcohol exposure [ 4 5 ] . Several studies have suggested that these patients have a divergent clinical course compared to patients with tobacco associated HNSCC, which may be a reflection of differences in the genetic composition [ 4 5 6 ] . Empiric evidence suggesting that non-smokers may respond differently to carcinogenic insults is offered in a report by Schantz et al.
The study population was divided into 15 (21%) patients with limited and 56 patients (79%) with a significant tobacco/alcohol exposure history.
Of the 15 patients in low-level tobacco/alcohol exposure group, 13 patients gave no history of tobacco usage, while 10 patients gave no history of alcohol exposure.
Of the 15 patients in low-level tobacco/alcohol exposure group, 13 patients gave no history of tobacco usage, while 10 patients gave no history of alcohol exposure.
Of the two patients with tobacco exposure histories, one gave a history of smoking less than 2 packs of cigarettes in her lifetime and the other had a history of smoking 0.5 pack years, 51 years prior to presentation with cancer.
Of the two patients with tobacco exposure histories, one gave a history of smoking less than 2 packs of cigarettes in her lifetime and the other had a history of smoking 0.5 pack years, 51 years prior to presentation with cancer.
Of the two patients with tobacco exposure histories, one gave a history of smoking less than 2 packs of cigarettes in her lifetime and the other had a history of smoking 0.5 pack years, 51 years prior to presentation with cancer.
Tobacco usage was coded as a dichotomous variable, and was considered positive if a greater than 2-pack year smoking history was reported.
For the purpose of this study, patients were divided into two groups based on the history of carcinogen exposure.
Group 1 had a limited or no history of tobacco and/or alcohol exposure, while group 2 patients reported significant tobacco and/or alcohol exposure.
Analysis of these numerous segments can provide important indications of the evolutionary history of a particular region, or gene.
Although other genomic and functional studies would be required to prove an orthologous relationship between NPM3 and NO29, they appear by several analyses to share a relatively close evolutionary history and as such could be considered candidate orthologs.
Phyletic patterns, evolutionary history and potential biological functions of the CYTH domains
Different parts of genomes have different histories, and representing the history of genome evolution as a single tree appears inconsistent with the data.
Different parts of genomes have different histories, and representing the history of genome evolution as a single tree appears inconsistent with the data.
For studies of single divergent orthologous protein encoding genes the assumption of a tree-like evolutionary history remains a reasonable expectation.
Rather prokaryotic genomes are mosaics where different parts have different evolutionary histories.
However, no sequence or secondary structural similarities have been noticed between different SSAPs and current understanding of their evolutionary history and phyletic range remains poor.
In this study, we examined the evolutionary history of the TOX HMG domain.
This mosquito HMG-box is approximately 90% identical to that found in the mammalian TOX subfamily, despite the considerable evolutionary history separating the two.
The history of the T locus began with the discovery in 1927 of a semi-dominant mutation in mice, named Brachyury , or T for tail, that affects both embryonic viability in homozygotes and tail development in heterozygotes [ 1 ] . This original T allele represents a deletion spanning 160-200 kb (reviewed in [ 2 ] ), the developmental effects of which have been well characterized [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] . Homozygous mutant embryos show a developmental failure of the notochord and posterior mesoderm, and die at midgestation.
Evolutionary history, domain architectures, and gene neighborhoods of the HNOB and HNOBA domain proteins
They arise late in a culture's history apparently from filaments shed from large mature structures.
It should be stressed, however, that little is known about the histories (i.e.
Subjects with a history of psychopathology and/or taking medication were excluded.
Tissue was rejected if harvesting did not occur within 7 hours postmortem and 48 hours of storage on ice, or if the donor had a history of eye disease.
Although no major differences were noted in cognitive functioning amongst HIV-infected asymptomatics with or without a history of drug abuse [ 6], a subsequent study showed that a history of injection drug use and presentation with prominent psychomotor slowing was associated with more rapid neurologic progression [ 7].
Although no major differences were noted in cognitive functioning amongst HIV-infected asymptomatics with or without a history of drug abuse [ 6], a subsequent study showed that a history of injection drug use and presentation with prominent psychomotor slowing was associated with more rapid neurologic progression [ 7].
Subjects with a history of psychopathology and/or taking medication were excluded.
Changes in sleep drive are thus driven by the sleep-wake history.
Non-REM sleep (NREMS) intensity, quantified as EEG power in the delta frequency range (1-4 Hz), and NREMS consolidation are in a quantitative and predictive relationship with sleep history: both variables increase with the duration of prior wakefulness and subsequently decline during NREMS [ 3 4 10 12 13 ] . These variables are thus quantitative markers of NREMS homeostasis and are presumed to reflect an underlying physiological drive for sleep [ 4 ] .
In wild type mice, EEG delta power still varied as a function of the sleep-wake history with high values at the end of the baseline dark period and after the SD and low values at the end of the light or major rest period (Figure 1).
We tested the assumption of a relationship between delta power and the sleep-wake history by using a mathematical method that predicts the level of EEG delta power occurring in individual NREMS bouts based on the 42 h sequence of 10-sec behavioral state scores for individual animals [ 10 ] . With this analytical tool, the time constants of the increasing delta power during wakefulness and its decrease during NREMS are estimated.
For both genotypes, delta power in both baseline and recovery from SD could be reliably predicted on the basis of sleep-wake history (Figure 1), which is underscored by the highly significant correlations between empirical and simulated data (r = 0.91 and 0.87 for cry1,2 +/+and cry1,2 -/-, respectively, P < 0.0001 for both genotypes).
Thus, in the absence of cryptochromes , NREMS delta power varied as a function of the prior sleep-wake history.
The increase in per expression after the sleep deprivation was specific to the cerebral cortex, although it cannot be ruled out, based on the present study, that circadian gene expression changes with sleep-wake history in specific nuclei within the other two regions examined; i.e., the hypothalamus and basal forebrain.
Thus, in both nocturnal and diurnal species, per expression in the cortex is maximal in conjunction with the major waking episode [ 37 49 50 ] . Under conditions where the phase (methamphetamine administration, restricted feeding) or distribution (circadian splitting) of locomotor activity is altered, per expression in the cortex parallels the overt rhythm of wakefulness, whereas the circadian oscillation of per gene expression in the SCN remains unaffected [ 49 51 52 ] . Thus, in contrast to its role in the SCN, PER protein in the cortex is not a component of a self-sustaining circadian oscillator [ 53 ] . Instead, per expression in the cortex seems to the follow sleep-wake history, consistent with the hypothesis that it is related to homeostatic regulation of sleep.
In clinical practice, NSAIDs are associated with acute renal failure in patients with impaired renal function [ 41 42 ] and with congestive heart failure in older people with a prior history of heart disease [ 43 ] . Acute renal failure after surgery occurs in 1 patient in 1000 after major surgery [ 44 ] , though it is not clear how much of this is specifically due to the NSAID.
See also [ 16 ] for a justification of this behavior of z(t) based on modeling natural history in breast cancer screening.
Case-control studies require adequate case identification, eligibility criteria for equal access of cases and controls to screening, distinguishing symptomatic and diagnostic tests, and adjustments for self-selection bias [ 1 ] . Cohort studies often involve natural history models which rest upon assumptions about the duration of preclinical cancer or the growth rate of the tumor, the sensitivity of the screening test, and how screening affects cancer mortality.
Some examples can be found in [ 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Importantly natural history models based only on observational data must implicitly assume no selection bias, a very tenuous assumption.
In contrast, periodic screening evaluation (PSE), which combines estimates from screened subjects to estimate the reduction in population cancer mortality associated with periodic cancer screening [ 7 8 9 ] , does not involve natural history models and the associated assumptions.
In certain situations these assumptions may be more plausible than the natural history assumptions, so in some circumstances, the method may be complementary and possibly superior, to the natural history modeling approach.
In certain situations these assumptions may be more plausible than the natural history assumptions, so in some circumstances, the method may be complementary and possibly superior, to the natural history modeling approach.
Suppose that instead of (1), the probability of missingness depends on treatment assignment, baseline strata, and an unobserved binary covariate x . For our example from the Polyp Prevention Trial, x could be an unreported indicator of a family history of colon cancer.
They completed a questionnaire on risk factors for atherosclerosis including family history of coronopathy, smoking, high blood pressure, personal history of coronopathy or myocardial infarct, history of cerebrovascular disease or occlusive peripheral disease.
They completed a questionnaire on risk factors for atherosclerosis including family history of coronopathy, smoking, high blood pressure, personal history of coronopathy or myocardial infarct, history of cerebrovascular disease or occlusive peripheral disease.
They completed a questionnaire on risk factors for atherosclerosis including family history of coronopathy, smoking, high blood pressure, personal history of coronopathy or myocardial infarct, history of cerebrovascular disease or occlusive peripheral disease.
As stated in the introduction obesity in childhood is associated with obesity in adulthood [ 22 23 24 25 ] , and is a predictor of all cause of obesity-associated mortality during adulthood, particularly mortality from cardiovascular diseases, which is independent of adult weight [ 24 25 ] . The results of the present study agreed with a previous study [ 50 ] indicating that the metabolic alterations caused by excess body fat are expressed early in the natural history of obesity.
Controls in Olmsted County were drawn from a longitudinal Mayo Clinic study on the natural history of lower urinary tract symptoms.
Continuing education for physicians about the natural history and treatment of hepatitis C is of key importance in helping them to provide optimal advice to their patients.
The patient reported a prior history of infectious mononucleosis at age 18 and was a non-smoker and consumed alcohol infrequently.
There was no family history of allergy to sulfa products.
Although Still's disease can rarely lead to hepatic involvement with cholestatic hepatitis, the prior history of rheumatoid factor seropositivity and a low serum ferritin level made this diagnosis unlikely [ 21 ] . Granulomatous hepatitis with marked elevations in serum alkaline phosphatase and granulomas on liver biopsy have been reported in patients with SSZ hepatotoxicity [ 22 23 24 ] . Although liver tissue was not obtained in our patient, the predominance of serum alkaline phosphatase and bilirubin level elevations and the presence of granulomas in other tissues suggest that she probably had granulomatous hepatitis.
As compared to the negative controls (group B- 11% and group C- 14%), crypt apoptosis was frequent in A-GVHD- 91% with statistically significant difference (Table 2K 2 ). With proper clinical history, the diagnosis of A-GVHD can be suggested if apoptosis is observed in and around the crypts.
The studies identified were carefully evaluated for eligibility; they were included if they (i) enrolled subjects with thalassemia major - irrespective of age at diagnosis, treatment initiation or study start nor of treatment history in terms of transfusion regimen or iron chelation; (ii) followed patients treated with either desferrioxamine administered subcutaneously or intravenously or oral deferiprone; and (iii) measured hepatic iron concentrations to evaluate treatment efficacy.
Since the sensitivity of the rapid tests remains high on treated patients therefore, it will be important to take patients history into consideration during routine usage of the rapid tests.
Thirty-four percent of the African Americans and 67% of the Hispanics had a history of injection drug use compared with 20% of the whites ( P < 0.0001).
The industrial availability, history of safe use and mechanism of anti-HIV-1 activity (i.e.
13% patients had a history of diagnosis of tuberculosis, and 12% gave a history of previous treatment with antituberculous drugs.
13% patients had a history of diagnosis of tuberculosis, and 12% gave a history of previous treatment with antituberculous drugs.
[ 26 27 28 29 30 ] In addition to diabetes mellitus, a number of VVC risk factors have been identified, including African-American heritage [ 15 16 17 ] , previous history of VVC [ 15 ] , higher education degree, intermediate age, oral contraceptive pills [ 3 10 16 18 ] , use of commercially available solutions for cleansing of external genitalia or vaginal douching, frequent sexual intercourse [ 17 19 10 ] , sexual behavior (age at first intercourse, frequency of oral-genital contact) [ 20 ] , contraception devices (diaphragm, vaginal contraceptive sponge, intrauterine device), and antibiotics [ 3 15 19 ] . Whether these factors increase risk of Candida colonization or symptomatic infection following colonization, or both, is unknown, however, it should be emphasized that a prerequisite for symptomatic vaginitis is vaginal colonization.
The questionnaire addressed the following variables: sociodemographic (age, race, marital status, insurance status, highest education completed, occupation); diabetes duration, type, severity, and abnormal glucose level; lifetime history of physician diagnosed VVC episodes; recent antibiotic use, by type; sexual history; health behaviors.
The questionnaire addressed the following variables: sociodemographic (age, race, marital status, insurance status, highest education completed, occupation); diabetes duration, type, severity, and abnormal glucose level; lifetime history of physician diagnosed VVC episodes; recent antibiotic use, by type; sexual history; health behaviors.
Antibiotic use in the past 2 weeks, lifetime history of chlamydia, douching, and report of both performing and receiving oral sex in the last two weeks were strongly associated with Candida colonization, whereas vaginal-penile sex had only a modest and not statistically significant assocation with Candida colonization.
When added individually to the base model, lifetime history of chlamydia (OR = 5.8; 95% CI: 10.
Douching and history of chlamydia were also strongly associated with performing oral sex; adding each of these variables reduced the parameter estimate and statistical significance of the association with performing oral sex.
Pregnancy history had no association with colonization after adjustment (OR = 0.97; 95% CI:0.
Among women with diabetes, Candida carriage increased with older age, type 1 diabetes, abnormal HbA 1c level, oral antibiotic use in the previous two weeks, and ever history of chlamydia.
Other VVC risk factors, including African American descent, lifetime history of VVC, higher education, oral contraceptive use, and frequency of vaginal intercourse were not significantly associated with Candida colonization after adjustment for other variables.
The association we observed with chlamydia is probably a marker of sexual behavior rather than a causal factor; for example, women who reported a history of chlamydia were more likely to douche and to report engaging in oral sex, although it is possible that chlamydia carriage adversely affects the vaginal flora increasing the chance of Candida colonization.
Although it is possible that women with a history of symptomatic infection might have been more likely to participate, we have no reason to believe that women differentially participated by both symptomatic history and other variables under study which would have biased our results.
Although it is possible that women with a history of symptomatic infection might have been more likely to participate, we have no reason to believe that women differentially participated by both symptomatic history and other variables under study which would have biased our results.
We found strong, statistically significant associations between vaginal Candida colonization and antibiotic use, lifetime history of chlamydia, diabetes type and HbA 1c level and a borderline significant association with performing oral sex.
Recent studies of high-risk urban women from several cities in the United States suggest HIV incidence rates in the range of 0.018 to more than 7 new infections per 100 person-years [ 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] , with the highest rates observed among women who reported exchanging sex for money or drugs and women with a recent history of acquiring other STDs such as syphilis.
In the 1960s, 1970s and early 1980s, mass campaigns were conducted to treat schistosomiasis infections in these areas, during which individuals older than 5 years of age were treated with tartar emetic injections [ 15 ] . Sero-surveys conducted in the 1990's in Egypt have reported positive associations between HCV infections and a history of schistosomiasis or a history of having received injections for the treatment of schistosomiasis [ 9 12 13 16 ] . Based on this evidence, the studies suggest that inadequately sterilized needles and syringes used during the campaign were probable causes for transmission of HCV in the region.
In the 1960s, 1970s and early 1980s, mass campaigns were conducted to treat schistosomiasis infections in these areas, during which individuals older than 5 years of age were treated with tartar emetic injections [ 15 ] . Sero-surveys conducted in the 1990's in Egypt have reported positive associations between HCV infections and a history of schistosomiasis or a history of having received injections for the treatment of schistosomiasis [ 9 12 13 16 ] . Based on this evidence, the studies suggest that inadequately sterilized needles and syringes used during the campaign were probable causes for transmission of HCV in the region.
We postulate that an entire household was more likely to have participated in the campaign if at least one member of the household had a history of schistosomiasis and received treatment by injections, compared to houses in which no member reported a past history and parenteral treatment for schistosomiasis.
We postulate that an entire household was more likely to have participated in the campaign if at least one member of the household had a history of schistosomiasis and received treatment by injections, compared to houses in which no member reported a past history and parenteral treatment for schistosomiasis.
History of schistosomiasis was obtained by interview in which participants were asked whether they had ever received a diagnosis of schistosomiasis.
Regardless of their histories, all participants were further queried about past treatment for schistosomiasis and whether the treatment was with oral drugs, injections or both.
To estimate the degree of clustering of HCV infections, a history of parenteral treatment of schistosomiasis in the house was considered to be a blocking factor.
Houses in which an adult member reported receiving parenteral treatment were more likely to have other adult members with histories of parenteral treatment for schistosomiasis.
Among the 746 individuals who reported no history of schistosomiasis or no parenteral treatment for diagnosed schistosomiasis, the prevalence of HCV was 38% compared to 68% for the 50 individuals who reported receiving the treatment (p < .0001).
In contrast, the OR for clustering of HCV infections among houses in which no member reported a history of parenteral treatment for a past schistosomiasis infection was 1.37 (95% CI: 0.92 - 2.05; p = 0.12).
Most previous studies that have that have found associations between histories of schistosomiasis and HCV have either been designed as surveys or have used ecologic associations.
During the 6-week period prior to the start of the study, candidates were screened for study eligibility, demography, CDC classification, HIV risk factors, mode of HIV transmission, antiretroviral therapy history, and medical history, and given a physical examination.
During the 6-week period prior to the start of the study, candidates were screened for study eligibility, demography, CDC classification, HIV risk factors, mode of HIV transmission, antiretroviral therapy history, and medical history, and given a physical examination.
Several factors that the rule does not take into account may greatly influence the decision to admit a patient, the most important being factors related to the patient such as poor social support, inability to maintain oral intake and history of substance abuse.
Clinical histories
There was no family history of MFS, both parents were deceased.
2 a-d in [ 13 ] ). There was no family history of MFS.
Although the parents of Case 1 were not available for study, the negative family history suggests that this deletion is also
Individuals with no history of nephropathy and no albumin excretion were considered free of nephropathy.
Family history and twins studies support the existence of genetic susceptibility to stroke [ 1 2 3 4 ] . Mendelian disorders known to be associated with an increased risk of stroke include hemoglobinopathies, dyslipoproteinemias, and cardioembolic disorders [ 5 ] . Most known Mendelian stroke disorders present in infancy, childhood, or young adulthood and collectively represent only a small proportion of all stroke cases.
Probands are adult men and women who 1) have a diagnosis of at least 1 ischemic stroke confirmed by the study neurologist, 2) report having at least 1 living full sibling with a history of stroke, and 3) have attained their 18th birthday at the time of enrollment in the study.
Virtually all delayed cerebral ischemia occurs 5 to 21 days after subarachnoid hemorrhage [ 55 56 ] . 3) The index stroke is presumed due to an autoimmune condition - that is, the patient has a history of brain-biopsy-proven central nervous system vasculitis.
3) The subject reports having no medical history of stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA) and denies ever having had symptoms of stroke.
The local coordinator or study neurologist conducts a face-to-face interview with patients who meet enrollment criteria to obtain their medical history and to explain the study.
The Clinical Coordinating Center contacts potentially discordant siblings who provide contact information, obtains verbal consent for a brief telephone interview, administers the QVSFS (Table 1), and obtains a standardized medical history in a structured telephone interview.
Siblings who give negative answers to the QVSFS medical history items but who give a positive response to 1 or more of the review-of-symptoms items are advised to inform their primary care physician of their symptoms so that they can be evaluated accordingly.
Although as many as 10% of the concordant siblings in SWISS may have a history of 2 or more strokes, the SVC confirms the diagnosis and classifies the subtype of ischemic stroke only for the most recent stroke for which there are records sufficient to confirm the diagnosis (the sibling index stroke).
Data are collected on stroke risk factors and medical history, date of onset of stroke symptoms, TOAST stroke subtype, and the total number of living full siblings.
The following information is collected on all living full siblings who return sibling response letters: name, date of birth, gender, name of the proband they are related to, twin status, home address, home phone number, e-mail address, alternative contact information, and standardized risk factor and medical history.
An alternative design to one using affected relative pairs is that of genome-wide association in subjects with ischemic stroke (cases) ascertained without respect to family history compared with nonstroke controls for frequency of numerous, densely spaced genetic markers (single nucleotide polymorphisms or SNPs).
Association studies in a case/control framework have a long history in stroke etiology research.
Population-based studies of SAH probands show that 7 to 10% have a family history of IA, a higher percentage than previously appreciated [ 1 19 20 ] . These familial IA (FIA) families have no signs of any other simple Mendelian disorders predisposing to IA, supporting the possibility that some or all IAs have a genetic component, and that FIA is a genetic disease separate and apart from previously defined diseases.
Eighty-five families with at least two members with ruptured or unruptured IA and no family history of polycystic kidney disease were ascertained from a sampling frame of 1150 consecutive patients treated between 1977 and 1990 for aneurysmal SAH by the Department of Neurosurgery at the University Hospital of Kuopio, which serves a genetically homogenous population of 870,000 in eastern Finland [ 1 ] . Initially, family history was assessed by a short questionnaire and all putative cases were confirmed from medical and autopsy records.
Eighty-five families with at least two members with ruptured or unruptured IA and no family history of polycystic kidney disease were ascertained from a sampling frame of 1150 consecutive patients treated between 1977 and 1990 for aneurysmal SAH by the Department of Neurosurgery at the University Hospital of Kuopio, which serves a genetically homogenous population of 870,000 in eastern Finland [ 1 ] . Initially, family history was assessed by a short questionnaire and all putative cases were confirmed from medical and autopsy records.
Her immediate family history was significant for symptomatic bradycardia requiring pacemaker implantation.
A 45 year-old Caucasian woman with a history of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, sick sinus syndrome, dilated cardiomyopathy, and fatigue was seen in the University of Chicago's Cardiovascular Genetics Clinic for evaluation and treatment.
Because of her marked fatigue and family history of sudden death, a dual chamber pacemaker and automatic defibrillator were implanted.
Individuals with DCM and conduction system disease should be screened by family history and genetic testing.
Only the primary discharge diagnosis was used to ensure these were active diagnoses, ie, to exclude diagnoses with "history of poisonings."
[ 1 ] Atrial fibrillation is worthy of separate study from other dysrythmias due to unique aspects of its natural history and management.
As shown, there were marked disparities by age, blood pressure, dialysis modality, and history of left ventricular hypertrophy.
To assess for possible confounding, logistic regression was also performed to assess for significant associations with a history of HIVAN using the same covariates as for Cox Regression as above.
All patients enrolled in these trials were diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease according to NINCDS-ADRDA classification [ 15 ] . The patients had a mild-to-moderate disease (MMSE scores 10-24) with a history of cognitive decline, gradual onset, and progressive disease over a period of at least six months.
Each patient with suspected stroke admitted to a participating center is evaluated by a study neurologist according to current standards for care [ 17 18 ] . The evaluation includes patient history, physical examination, CT or magnetic resonance imaging (MR) of the head, and laboratory testing.
Adult men and women who meet the following criteria are entered into the study: 1) diagnosis of first-ever ischemic stroke confirmed by the study neurologist on the basis of history, physical examination, and head imaging by CT or MR; 2) enrollment within 30 days after onset of stroke symptoms; 3) attained 18th birthday by the time of enrollment; 4) complete blood cell count, casual or fasting blood glucose, prothrombin time, and activated partial thromboplastin time available; and 5) written informed consent from the patient or surrogate.
We confirm that controls have not had a prior stroke by means of the Questionnaire for Verifying Stroke-free Status (QVSS), a structured interview that was validated in an adult population (age, > 60 years) using systematic review of electronic medical records as the benchmark [ 25 ] . The QVSS was further validated in an independent population using history and physical examination by a study neurologist as the benchmark [ 26 ] . Interviewers administering the QVSS may exclude a subject they judge to be an unreliable historian on the basis of a global impression of moderate or severe impairment of speech, language, hearing, or memory.
Hospitalized patients being treated for coronary or peripheral vascular disease are not eligible for enrollment as controls, but nonhospitalized subjects with a history of these conditions are eligible.
A proband-derived family history is taken for all living or deceased full siblings, all biological children, and both biological parents [ 28 ] . Investigators do not independently verify stroke status of family members as part of this protocol.
Self-reported cerebrovascular histories are obtained for all patients and control subjects by administering the QVSS during the baseline interview [ 25 ] .
The following information is recorded on the case report forms: patient history, physical examination, CT or MR of the head, white blood cell count, platelet count, and hemoglobin concentration, casual or fasting blood glucose, prothrombin time, and activated partial thromboplastin time, vital signs (height, weight, blood pressure, and temperature), international normalized ratio, lipid profile, plasma homocysteine concentration, and size and location of the symptomatic cerebral infarct as seen on head imaging.
However, if acquired deficits of speech, language, or cognition prevent the patient from participating in the telephone outcomes assessment, a surrogate history is taken from a caregiver or live-in relative.
Coordinators will also record mortality and history of cause of death from collateral sources.
Additionally, we have given careful attention to appropriate selection of controls [ 27 ] . The controls are concurrently enrolled at the same centers as are the patients, and controls are also screened for a medical history of stroke or transient ischemic attack and for the presence of symptoms of stroke or transient ischemic attack which may have occurred in the absence of a corresponding medical history.
Additionally, we have given careful attention to appropriate selection of controls [ 27 ] . The controls are concurrently enrolled at the same centers as are the patients, and controls are also screened for a medical history of stroke or transient ischemic attack and for the presence of symptoms of stroke or transient ischemic attack which may have occurred in the absence of a corresponding medical history.
Cohorts who reported at baseline a history of hip fracture were excluded from the hip fracture analysis (30 women and 27 men) for a total sample size of 5989, and those who reported a prior malignant tumor or growth were excluded from the cancer analyses (120 women and 49 men) for total sample sizes of 5877 for the colorectal cancer analysis, 3108 women for the breast and uterine cancer analyses, and 2769 men for the prostate cancer analysis.
However, the effect was found to be far greater in women with a positive family history of breast cancer in the Framingham report.
Among those without a family history of breast cancer, the risk was not significantly increased [ 18 ] .
Unlike Framingham, family history of breast cancer did not alter the results related to BMD.
During the linking process, a list of health plan members who had at least two cancer diagnostic codes in their claims history were matched against the HTR using a probabilistic method.
We then excluded 265 cases diagnosed after June 30, 1998 because we would not have a complete history of claims data covering at least six months of treatment.
Our study had several limitations, including the possibility of incomplete claims histories if patients changed health plans during the course of treatment, but the high agreement with HTR information indicates that the validity of insurance claims information was high.
The 16-page instrument covers information on tobacco and alcohol consumption, family history of cancer, occupational and environmental exposures, reproductive and medical histories, and diet.
The 16-page instrument covers information on tobacco and alcohol consumption, family history of cancer, occupational and environmental exposures, reproductive and medical histories, and diet.
Variables that were evaluated but not included in the multivariate model were occupational asbestos exposure, dietary fruit and vegetable intake, and family history of lung cancer.
The M6P/IGF2R informative patients and those not used in this study were insignificantly different from each other for the clinical characteristics of gender, age, race, smoking history, baseline hemoglobin, Karnofsky performance status, tumor resectability, treatment, tumor stage, nodal stage, overall staging and site of primary tumor (Table 1).
Due to the manner in which we receive our specimens, the nature and medical history of the donors' diabetes are unknown.
Lenses with obvious nuclear scattering, history of cataract, or cortical or posterior subcapsular scattering were excluded from the study.
All donated lenses had no history of laser or intraocular surgery, and were obtained according to the tenets of the Declaration of Helsinki.
Further investigations employing a broad population of samples with extensive medical histories will yield additional, more conclusive results about the relationship of diabetes and nuclear cataract.
She was born at term after an uncomplicated pregnancy to healthy, unrelated parents of Northern European descent with a negative family history.
Reye syndrome, a disorder of unknown cause, is characterized by acute encephalopathy and fatty degeneration of the liver and it is usually characterized by a history of preceding viral illness or the use of aspirin during viral infections [ 10 ] . Many children with metabolic disorders present with Reye-like syndrome episodes, usually at a young age and/or with a positive past or family history suspicious for an inborn error of metabolism [ 11 ] . It has been reported as a presenting sign of type I 3-MGC aciduria and in a few cases of mitochondrial cytopathies in older children [ 12 13 ] . However in the neonatal period, a Reye-like episode is not a typical presenting feature of a mitochondrial cytopathy.
Reye syndrome, a disorder of unknown cause, is characterized by acute encephalopathy and fatty degeneration of the liver and it is usually characterized by a history of preceding viral illness or the use of aspirin during viral infections [ 10 ] . Many children with metabolic disorders present with Reye-like syndrome episodes, usually at a young age and/or with a positive past or family history suspicious for an inborn error of metabolism [ 11 ] . It has been reported as a presenting sign of type I 3-MGC aciduria and in a few cases of mitochondrial cytopathies in older children [ 12 13 ] . However in the neonatal period, a Reye-like episode is not a typical presenting feature of a mitochondrial cytopathy.
Since no primary deleterious mtDNA mutation has been found in the proband and she was born to healthy parents with unremarkable family history, we hypothesize that the etiology of her mitochondrial dysfunction could reside in a still unidentified nuclear gene defect; although secondary mitochondrial dysfunction caused by an unknown inborn error of metabolism cannot be excluded completely.
Family history was significant for Hashimoto's thyroiditis in the mother, maternal aunt, and maternal grandfather.
Occasional patients may come to attention in late childhood or adulthood but careful history often indicates that symptoms have appeared earlier [ 18 19 ] . The mainstay of treatment is dietary restriction of sucrose-containing foods.
Menarcheal History
In children, the rate of occurrence has customarily been given as 3 to 5%, but recent studies show the condition is present in 15% or more of school age populations [ 11 12 ] . Persistence of ADHD into adulthood has been shown to occur in 30 to 50% (or more) of childhood cases [ 13 ] , depending on the criteria used [ 14 ] . It is clear that adults with a history of ADHD in childhood have greater difficulty functioning compared to their non-ADHD peers [ 15 ] . One example is the higher rate of substance use disorders in ADHD adults compared to the general population [ 16 ] , such use often viewed as a kind of "self-medication" of unpleasant emotions [ 16 ] . In obesity, similar patterns of eating (seeking immediate gratification, using food to reduce dysphoria) have been observed [ 17 ] , though not previously linked to ADHD.
Structure was in accord with DSM-IV criteria, that is, a patient needed to have shown, or given substantial history of 6 or more inattentive behaviors to be considered as having ADHD.
Most research has focused on hormonal changes, previous history of psychiatric disorders, and social milieu as main risk factors for postpartum depression.
Four mothers reported a previous history of crying spells, not going out, or "depressed mood" after the birth of a previous but not the current child.
More investigation is needed in the area of light exposure or light therapy in those women who are concurrently experiencing depressive symptoms or have a history of psychiatric illness.
Although we limited our characterization of the population to age and sex, it is also possible to use more detailed information about disease history, for instance to characterize the burden of illness among individuals with specific chronic diseases.
, previous medical history, demographics, sources of biosolids, and environmental conditions).
In the first case, an 11-year-old male in Osceola Mills, PA with an unremarkable medical history died of staphylococcal septicaemia.
Medical records were available for three of the four infected residents: Patients 1, 3, 8. Patient 1, a 17 year-old male with a history of excellent health, was treated for a furuncle of the knee in February1993 then succumbed to S. aureus pneumonia in March 1995 after contracting a rotavirus infection and viral pneumonia.
The 16-page instrument covers information on reproductive and medical histories, family history of cancer, occupational and environmental exposures, tobacco use, alcohol consumption, and diet.
The 16-page instrument covers information on reproductive and medical histories, family history of cancer, occupational and environmental exposures, tobacco use, alcohol consumption, and diet.
They consisted of known and suspected risk factors for pancreatic cancer: age, education, cigarette smoking, family history of pancreatic cancer, race, sex and body mass index.
As packyears of cigarettes smoked smoking (packs per day × years of smoking) and family history of pancreatic cancer were found to be predictors of disease in our data, they were adjusted for in the regression models, along with age.
Descriptive characteristics of pancreatic cancer cases and hospital controls are shown in Table 1. Cases were more likely to be smokers, have a family history of pancreatic cancer, less likely to have schooling beyond high school, and have a higher BMI.
In general, the risk estimates and 95% confidence intervals obtained following adjustment for smoking and family history of pancreatic cancer were very similar to the unadjusted, crude results.
Despite these limitations, it should be pointed out that numerous previous studies that have utilized the PEDS database, and faced the same methodological issue, have consistently replicated established epidemiological associations for a variety of cancer sites [ 31 32 33 34 35 ] . Further, as mentioned above, smoking and family history of pancreatic cancer are two of the few established risk factors for pancreatic cancer [ 36 ] , and they were found to be associated with disease risk in our data.
Four were conducted with childbearing aged women with a history of substance abuse (hereafter referred to as drug-dependent women focus groups).
Further, they can (and should) guide and measure the impact of interventions [ 1 ] . Public health surveillance - a subset of HIS - has been defined as the ongoing, systematic collection, analysis, and interpretation of outcome-specific data for use in the planning, implementation, and evaluation of public health practice [ 2 ] . Public health surveillance can be used to 1) assess the overall health status of a population, 2) describe the natural history of disease, 3) monitor disease trends, 4) detect epidemics, 5) evaluate the effect of prevention and control measures, 6) generate hypotheses, and 7) facilitate epidemiologic and laboratory research [ 3 ] .
On the evidence from a case series published in 1992 by the manufacturer, Hoffmann-La Roche, the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends that travellers with a personal or family history of seizures or manic-depressive illness should not take mefloquine prophylaxis.
The multicentre cohort study of prophylactic mefloquine use should be questionnaire-based, and should enquire specifically into the major risk factors (alcohol intake during travel, hydration status, use of hormonal contraception and recreational drugs, other potentially hepatotoxic or thyrotoxic drugs, previous history of proven or suspected liver and/or thyroid abnormality) that we have proposed.
Should mefloquine be prescribed to people with a personal or family history of neuropsychiatric illness?
We believe that people with a history of any proven or suspected liver or thyroid abnormality in the previous two years should avoid mefloquine.
[ 78 ] We believe that this exclusion is unjustified, as long as there is no recent history of liver or thyroid disease, and provided the precautions we have proposed above (avoidance of alcohol, maintenance of hydration and non-use of hormonal contraception, recreational drugs and certain co-medications) are adhered to.
Lobel et al consider that WHO's exclusion of people with a personal or family history of neuropsychiatric illness from taking mefloquine is based 'on limited evidence or theoretical concerns', and we believe their scepticism is justified.
Since we have no information on the likelihood of diagnosis given travel history in the clinical setting in the Bay Area we were unable to evaluate whether this was indeed the case.
Studies are required that stratify subjects on the basis of their travel history prior to analyzing other cryptosporidiosis exposures so that it is possible to distinguish between the specific travel and non-travel associated risk factors.
In addition, we excluded eligible controls who had a history of psychiatric illness or psychosis.
The questionnaire (see Additional File 2) consisted of 17 multiple-choice questions, mostly about respondents' attitudes and projected behavior regarding smallpox and smallpox vaccination, knowledge and topics of concern, and self-assessed health history relative to smallpox vaccination (previous vaccination, contraindications).
Self-assessed health history relative to smallpox vaccination
Forty-five percent of those who completed the question on contraindications said either "yes" (37%) or "don't know" (8%) to at least one of the contraindications in our list of 8. The most common (self-reported) contraindication was household member with current or past history of eczema or atopic dermatitis - 16% of respondents reported this situation.
The next most frequent contraindication was current or past history of eczema or atopic dermatitis in oneself, reported by 13%.
Some important data, such as smoking history and the use of chemoprophylaxis and antiretroviral drugs, were not collected.
The following exclusion criteria applied to the current analysis: race other than Caucasian or African-American (n = 33), missing information on diet (n = 111), missing information on height, weight, smoking status, laboratory values or education (n = 177), missing pulmonary function tests (n = 250), unacceptable or not reproducible pulmonary function tests (n = 108), a history of COPD, asthma or pulmonary fibrosis (n = 249) or missing information on alcohol intake (n = 54).
Between 6:30 and 9:30 am we obtained spirometric measurements from participants, standardized according to 1994 American Thoracic Society guidelines [ 30 ] . To derive forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV 1 ) and forced vital capacity (FVC) prediction equations we used multiple linear regression with values obtained from lifelong nonsmokers who did not report a history of chronic lung disease for men (n = 277) and women (n = 418) separately.
We used the Cognitive Lifetime Drinking History (CLDH) to obtain information on lifetime alcohol intake [ 31 32 33 ] . Prior to the interview, participants completed a lifetime events calendar on which they recorded the date and their age when significant events in their lives occurred.
In a study involving 147 subjects [ 32 ] , we compared the average daily volume of alcohol consumed during the 12-24 months prior to the interview as estimated from the alcohol questionnaire with those estimated from two different food frequency questionnaires (FFQ), the Health Habits and History Questionnaire and the Harvard Semiquantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire.
However, we obtained a lifetime drinking alcohol history using an instrument with good test-retest reliability [ 33 ] , an approach that has not previously been used.
CLDH, Cognitive lifetime drinking history
At baseline and monthly follow-up visits, patients had a full medical history and physical examination, a complete blood count (Coulter Electronics, Hialeah, Florida, USA), sputum AFB microscopy and culture, chest radiography, and serum β 2 -microglobulin measurement (β 2 -microglobulin enzyme immunoassay (EIA); Coulter, Miami, Florida, USA).
Both groups had similar tuberculosis and HIV-infection-associated symptoms though the subjects with an unfavorable outcome were more likely to have presented with a past history of fever, diarrhea, and thrush.
Subjects have been followed approximately every two years with health history questionnaires, physical examinations, and blood testing.
Multivariable analysis was performed using linear regression, adjusting for age (quartiles: ≤ 40, 41-47, 47-53 and 54+), gender (male or female), race/ethnicity (White, Black, Hispanic, Asian/other), smoking history (nonsmokers, ex-smokers, and current smokers) and weight (study population quartiles, ≤ 66 kg, 67-78 kg, 79-88.
Multivariable analysis, adjusted for age, gender, race/ethnicity, smoking history and weight, was performed using linear regression.
Further studies of the immunologic characteristics of bronchoalveolar lavage cells from HTLV-I or -II infected humans are needed, especially in persons with a history of recurrent pneumonia or acute bronchitis but without myelopathy or uveitis.
Demographic and operative information including relevant past medical history and the type of thromboembolic prophylaxis utilized was collected for the experimental and control groups as summarized in Table 1. Approval was obtained from the Institutional Review Board at our hospital prior to initiating this study and all patients signed informed consent prior to participating in the study.
A significant difference was noted however in that the patients in the experimental group had a significantly higher percentage of patients with a personal or family history of thromboembolism (p < 0.001 for both).
It was noted however, that a significantly greater percentage of patients who suffered a thromboembolic event had a personal or family history of thromboembolism (p = 0.001 for both).
Although residual abnormalities of the deep venous system could account for the higher prevalence of a personal history of prior deep venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, the higher prevalence of a family history of thromboembolic events suggests that an as yet undescribed genetically determined hypercoagulable state or predisposition may be present in these patients.
Although residual abnormalities of the deep venous system could account for the higher prevalence of a personal history of prior deep venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, the higher prevalence of a family history of thromboembolic events suggests that an as yet undescribed genetically determined hypercoagulable state or predisposition may be present in these patients.
Cases were eligible if they were ≥ 30 years of age, had a histo-pathologically confirmed, non-metastatic SCC of the skin diagnosed within the past 4 months, with no prior history of a skin cancer.
One control per household was invited to participate using modified Waksberg criteria [ 30 ] . Control subjects were considered eligible if they had no prior history of skin cancer, lived within the Tucson region, and were within the age, gender, and ethnicity grouping.
This interview instrument sought information on: skin characteristics, sunburns and tanning history, use of suntan lotions and sunscreens, residential history, UV exposure during past year, family history of skin cancer, past medical history, tobacco and alcohol use, physical characteristics, and demographic information.
This interview instrument sought information on: skin characteristics, sunburns and tanning history, use of suntan lotions and sunscreens, residential history, UV exposure during past year, family history of skin cancer, past medical history, tobacco and alcohol use, physical characteristics, and demographic information.
This interview instrument sought information on: skin characteristics, sunburns and tanning history, use of suntan lotions and sunscreens, residential history, UV exposure during past year, family history of skin cancer, past medical history, tobacco and alcohol use, physical characteristics, and demographic information.
This interview instrument sought information on: skin characteristics, sunburns and tanning history, use of suntan lotions and sunscreens, residential history, UV exposure during past year, family history of skin cancer, past medical history, tobacco and alcohol use, physical characteristics, and demographic information.
We assessed the potential confounding effects of age, sex, education, energy intake (kcal/day), fat intake (mean percent of kcal as fat), retinol and carotenoids (ug/day), vitamin C (mg/day), α-tocopherol (mg/day), foods rich in carotenoids (servings/week), alcohol intake (mean alcohol intake/day), smoking history (never, former smoker, and current smoker), body mass index (kg/ht in m 2), daily hours of sun exposure during the past year, history of actinic skin damage (self-reported physician-diagnosed actinic keratosis), self-reported ability to tan after prolonged sun exposure (no suntan, mildly tan, moderately tan, and deeply tan), and number of current freckles on the arms.
We assessed the potential confounding effects of age, sex, education, energy intake (kcal/day), fat intake (mean percent of kcal as fat), retinol and carotenoids (ug/day), vitamin C (mg/day), α-tocopherol (mg/day), foods rich in carotenoids (servings/week), alcohol intake (mean alcohol intake/day), smoking history (never, former smoker, and current smoker), body mass index (kg/ht in m 2), daily hours of sun exposure during the past year, history of actinic skin damage (self-reported physician-diagnosed actinic keratosis), self-reported ability to tan after prolonged sun exposure (no suntan, mildly tan, moderately tan, and deeply tan), and number of current freckles on the arms.
Age, sex, inability to tan after prolonged sun exposure, number of current freckles on the arms, and history of diagnosed and treated actinic keratosis (AK) were included in the final multivariate model.
Participants in the current study did report more AK history than subjects who did not participate in the study, with the increase being consistent for cases and controls.
Table 1shows the distribution of cases and controls according to sex, age, smoking status, alcohol intake, reported tanning ability, history of AK, number of current freckles on the arms, and daily hours of sun exposure during the past year.
Only tanning ability, history of AK, number of current freckles on the arms, citrus peel use and hot black tea consumption showed a significant difference between cases and controls.
history of actinic keratosis, history of sunburns), then the lack of a finding for a differential sun exposure history for cases and controls argues for a change in behavior since the diagnosis of the skin cancer.
history of actinic keratosis, history of sunburns), then the lack of a finding for a differential sun exposure history for cases and controls argues for a change in behavior since the diagnosis of the skin cancer.
history of actinic keratosis, history of sunburns), then the lack of a finding for a differential sun exposure history for cases and controls argues for a change in behavior since the diagnosis of the skin cancer.
This study controlled for important confounding factors, including history of physician-diagnosed actinic keratosis, tanning ability, and number of current freckles on the arms.
The displacement protocol began with at least 3 displacement stretches of 2,000 μm to provide a constant stretch history in the muscle.
The velocity protocol again began with a series of 3 displacement stretches to 2,000 μm to provide a constant stretch history.
Here, we investigate the evolutionary history of RDRPs and DDRPs in an attempt to unveil the origin of the RDRP.
This view of the evolutionary history of RDRPs is compatible with the presence of RDRP homologs in phages and with their role in replicating microRNAs (potential relics of the RNA world) during PTGS in eukaryotes.
This scenario shows parallels to the probable evolutionary history of another major, unrelated class of polymerases, the RDRPs and reverse transcriptases containing the palm domain.
2) Patients met with all Management Team members for an in-depth interview and review of their medical, hearing, tinnitus, and psychosocial histories and conditions.
The patient with a 23 year history of diabetes also had a history of alcoholism.
The patient with a 23 year history of diabetes also had a history of alcoholism.
None of the subjects had a history of receiving cancer therapy, a possible confounding factor in the analysis of DNA damage.
[ 8 ] Only one report of diabetic ketoacidosis associated with tacrolimus use in a patient without a prior history of diabetes has so far been reported.
Rates of diabetic ketoacidosis by history of diabetes at the time of listing are shown in Table 1. Characteristics of the study population, as well as risk factors for diabetic ketoacidosis for the entire cohort and for recipients without a history of diabetes at the time of listing are shown in Table 2. As previously reported, the use of tacrolimus rose steadily during the study period, accounting for 5.2% of all calcineurin inhibitor use in 1994, 5.9% in 1995, 12.
Rates of diabetic ketoacidosis by history of diabetes at the time of listing are shown in Table 1. Characteristics of the study population, as well as risk factors for diabetic ketoacidosis for the entire cohort and for recipients without a history of diabetes at the time of listing are shown in Table 2. As previously reported, the use of tacrolimus rose steadily during the study period, accounting for 5.2% of all calcineurin inhibitor use in 1994, 5.9% in 1995, 12.
2/1000 person years in recipients a history of diabetes as a comorbid condition and 1.9/1000 person years in patients without a prior history of diabetes (measured as total hospitalizations for comparison with other reports).
2/1000 person years in recipients a history of diabetes as a comorbid condition and 1.9/1000 person years in patients without a prior history of diabetes (measured as total hospitalizations for comparison with other reports).
This approach to assessment may be quite distinct from familiar history taking and physical examination techniques.
Five women had a family history of premature ovarian failure (two patients had sisters with premature ovarian failure, one patient's mother had premature ovarian failure, one had a paternal aunt with premature ovarian failure, and one patient had a paternal aunt, a grandmother, and a great-grandmother who were thought to have the condition).
All patients underwent a history and physical examination and laboratory screening to confirm the diagnosis of premature ovarian failure.
All patients had a normal karyotype and had no history of chemotherapy or radiation.
The natural course of fibromyalgia shows that symptoms are generally the same over at least 7 years [ 3 ] . A stable, sharp reduction in symptoms in seven months, as we have reported here, is a definite alteration of the natural history of fibromyalgia.
Health care professionals have utilized spinal palpatory diagnostic procedures and manual manipulative treatment for several millennia to treat back injury and pain [ 7 8 ] . Along with the history of illness and physical exam, examiners utilize specific spinal palpatory diagnostic tests in order to identify spinal neuro-musculoskeletal dysfunction.
Besides hormone replacement, also excluded from the study were patients with a history of malignancy, endometriosis, and pelvic infections.
They did not have any demonstrable pelvic relaxation by examination or history of stress urinary incontinence.
This permits an evaluation of a history of exposure that is not possible with specimens such as saliva or urine.
A three-centimeter length of hair corresponds, on average, to approximately 90 days of past time or "history".
Students first learn skills by practicing on each other and by taking histories and performing physical examinations on selected patients.
OSCE committee members designated each question or task in the 16 stations as one of 7 clinical skills, defined as follows: asking appropriate questions for the history (history-taking); performing the physical examination correctly (physical examination technique); understanding the pathophysiology of physical findings (physical examination knowledge); identifying abnormalities on physical examination (identification of abnormalities); developing appropriate differential diagnoses for the clinical information obtained (differential diagnosis); utilizing appropriate patient-doctor interaction techniques (patient interaction); and orally presenting the history and differential diagnosis after taking a clinical history (patient presentation).
OSCE committee members designated each question or task in the 16 stations as one of 7 clinical skills, defined as follows: asking appropriate questions for the history (history-taking); performing the physical examination correctly (physical examination technique); understanding the pathophysiology of physical findings (physical examination knowledge); identifying abnormalities on physical examination (identification of abnormalities); developing appropriate differential diagnoses for the clinical information obtained (differential diagnosis); utilizing appropriate patient-doctor interaction techniques (patient interaction); and orally presenting the history and differential diagnosis after taking a clinical history (patient presentation).
OSCE committee members designated each question or task in the 16 stations as one of 7 clinical skills, defined as follows: asking appropriate questions for the history (history-taking); performing the physical examination correctly (physical examination technique); understanding the pathophysiology of physical findings (physical examination knowledge); identifying abnormalities on physical examination (identification of abnormalities); developing appropriate differential diagnoses for the clinical information obtained (differential diagnosis); utilizing appropriate patient-doctor interaction techniques (patient interaction); and orally presenting the history and differential diagnosis after taking a clinical history (patient presentation).
, 61 ± 4%) and interviewing skills (69 ± 11%), and lower on problem solving (50 ± 6%) skills [ 33 ] . In a non-OS CE examination using patient management problems, second-year students scored 70 ± 9% on history, 66 ± 10% on physical examination, and 40 ± 15% on diagnosis [ 34 ] . However, in an OSCE for a second-year neurology skills course, this pattern did not hold: interpretative skill scores (76 ± 16%) were higher than technical performance scores (67 ± 17%), but no significance testing was reported [ 15 ] .
Lower performance in knowledge of the pathophysiology related to physical diagnosis, compared with technical performance of the physical examination, suggests that improvements integrating pathophysiology into the teaching of the history and physical examination are needed.
A second search combined medical subject headings (MeSH) "Signs and Symptoms", "Physical Examination", and "Medical History Taking", linked by OR terms, with a text word search for "cirrhosis", through an AND term.
In some cases, the entire history and examination was performed together.
Accuracy of history and physical examination
Few studies described their clinical methods, where several exist for eliciting a finding [ 58 59 60 ] . These are deficiencies that should be carefully addressed in designing future studies that evaluate aspects of clinical practice, such as the history or physical examination.
The role and diagnostic accuracy of items from the clinical history were not examined.
It is likely that some of the study clinicians were aware of indicants from the clinical history.
The history of MIAME (minimum information about a microarray experiment) and MGED (microarray gene expression databases) Standards has been described [ 2 3 4 ] . XML was chosen as the formatting language for the effort to standardize gene expression data.
This means that there will need to be a standards committee that can make changes in the standard over time and that can keep a documented history of modifications in the standard.
4. A core section with data elements that describe each of the cores in the TMA block (what case did the core come from, what block from the case was used to make the core, what drill-site in the block was used, what was the diagnosis of the drill-site, what clinical history is associated with the core, what demographic information is associated with the patient from whom the core was taken, etc.).
[ 2 ] Fortunately, there are a number of interventions that can reduce the risk of CHD events in patients with no previous history of CHD, including smoking cessation counseling, hypertension treatment, aspirin prophylaxis, and treatment of lipid disorders.
Patients with a previous history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) are at high risk and generally warrant aggressive treatment; patients with no previous CVD history have a wide range of underlying CHD risk and hence require individualized decisions for optimal care.
Patients with a previous history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) are at high risk and generally warrant aggressive treatment; patients with no previous CVD history have a wide range of underlying CHD risk and hence require individualized decisions for optimal care.
The hypothetical patients were explicitly assumed: 1) to not be taking aspirin or lipid-lowering agents at baseline; 2) to not have responded to a trial of a low-fat diet; 3), to not be overweight; and 4) to not have a family history of early myocardial infarction.
Ten patients lived alone, and 19 patients had a past history of psychiatric disorder.
Only five patients had a history of alcohol abuse, as indicated by self-report and chart review.
We assessed history of substance abuse and psychiatric illness, by both obtaining information from the patient themselves and by reviewing patient charts.
Due to the limited number of patients with a history of substance abuse, we excluded substance abuse from the analysis.
Thus, we conducted a multiple regression analysis that included 7 predictor variables: age, years of education, living arrangement, ethnicity, psychiatric history, and performance at admission on the MMSE and the GDS.
SV-40 large T-antigen transfected human ovarian surface epithelial cell lines, MCC5 and HIO3261-77, were derived from women with and without a family history of breast/ovarian cancer, respectively [ 31 ] . While MCC5 cells were derived from a patient denoted as wild type BRCA1 status, HIO3261-77 cells were derived from a patient characterized as 185delAG mutated [ 39 ] . Dr. W. Bai (USF) kindly provided the MCF7 breast cancer carcinoma line.
Kisumu and Malindi are very different cities, differing across ecology, culture, history and economics.
All the controls were subjects without any clinical symptoms, signs or any suspicion of cardiovascular disease in their medical history, as a physician evaluated it.
After taking into account the effect of the aforementioned associations (descriptive analysis) as well as the effect of several potential confounders, like age and sex of the participants, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, total serum cholesterol and blood glucose levels, as well as premature family history of coronary heart disease, we found that effect of the consumption of Mediterranean diet on the coronary risk remains beneficial.
Color fundus photographs have been routinely employed for diagnostic purposes for many years, and fundus photo gradings are central to clinical studies of macular disease [ 1 2 ] . The natural history of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), the leading cause of blindness in the developed world [ 3 ] , is in particular tied to that of subretinal deposits known as drusen [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Drusen are key in the classification of AMD, hence the importance of drusen identification and measurement in clinical studies.
The following study covariates or known determinants of fetal growth (34) were abstracted from hospital delivery records and operationalized in a manner most consistent with most hospital records: maternal and infant race (white/nonwhite), parity (left continuous), uterine bleeding during pregnancy (yes/no), history of previous spontaneous abortion (yes/no), cigarette smoking during pregnancy (yes/no; if yes, average number daily cigarettes smoked during pregnancy), evidence placental infarction (yes/no), infant sex (male/female), gestational age (left continuous), placental infarction (yes/no), and birth defect (yes/no).
However, no other significant differences with respect to reproductive history were observed across categories of maternal fish consumption (data not shown).
The self-reported history of weekly physical activity is also a limitation.
All subjects reported no history of disease or other confounding factors.
Within 14 days before randomization, patients had a complete medical history taken and a complete physical examination.
We hypothesized that because of a history of sedentarity, pain and/or a high prevalence of cardiovascular comorbidi-ties, patients diagnosed as having clinical and radiographic hip OA would tend to be overweight or obese, rather than underweight or of normal weight.
Patients with a history of rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, Lyme disease, septic arthritis and traumatic arthritis were excluded.
As Table 1shows, those who had comorbidities, including cardiac disease, hypertension, and diabetes, were heavier than those with no comorbid disease history.
One of the removed pros-theses was a replacement following a previous removal postinfection in 1999, in a 54-year-old white man with a BMI of 40 and a history of diabetes and atrial fibrillation.
At ages 30-39 years, an age range not implicitly associated with the presence of degenerative disease of the hip, 34 patients had evidence of a prior comorbid disease history.
The smoking histories were also validated using hospital medical records, by comparing the questionnaire response with the information from the standard clinical history and physical examination.
The smoking histories were also validated using hospital medical records, by comparing the questionnaire response with the information from the standard clinical history and physical examination.
Women who reported a history of breast cancer or augmentation surgery were excluded from the study.
In a linear regression model, we observed a weak association between calorie adjusted soy intake and percent densities (partial regression coefficient b = 0.009, P = 0.004) after adjustment for age, BMI, parity, and family history of breast cancer.
Because of the lack of a lifetime history of soy intake in our study, we do not know whether soy consumption during early life when breast development occurred was similar to the current intake.
Women who did not speak English, women who reported a history of breast cancer or augmentation surgery, and women with suspicious lesions on the mammograms were excluded from the study, but women taking oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy were eligible to participate.
Whereas we did not observe a relation between soy intake and the size of the dense areas, we found an association between calorie adjusted soy intake and percent densities ( b = 0.009, P = 0.004) after adjustment for age, BMI, parity, and family history of breast cancer.
The lack of a lifetime history of soy intake and the cross-sectional design limit our study's ability to establish causal relations.
Initial analyses [ 22] suggested that women with germline mutations in the BRCA1 gene and a strong family history of breast or ovarian cancer have 85 and 44% lifetime risks of developing breast and ovarian cancer, respectively.
Recent studies [ 23], however, have suggested that analyses based on women who were not selected for a familial history of cancer indicate that the risk for cancer associated with mutations in these genes is 50 and 16% for breast and ovarian cancers, respectively.
It has been estimated that only 45-55% of breast cancer cases in the United States are explained by established risk factors such as income, reproductive factors, and family history [ 7 ] . Distinctive breast cancer incidence and mortality patterns in well-defined populations may therefore inform etiologic understanding.
In a large, national, interview-based study conducted in the 1970s, adjustment for reproductive patterns, menopausal characteristics, hormone use, alcohol consumption, body mass index, height, and family history did not entirely account for the relations of income and education to breast cancer risk [ 24 ] . To achieve a more contemporary understanding of the contributions of established breast cancer risk factors, it would be helpful to reassess the roles of factors whose prevalence has increased substantially over time, including delayed childbearing [ 25 ] and use of hormone replacement therapy [ 26 ] . In addition, there are ongoing efforts in Marin County to identify novel risk factors relevant to this socioeconomic group.
All consecutive cases of breast cancer, regardless of previous history, seen at presentation and later confirmed histologically in the Departments of Surgery and Radiotherapy of the University College Hospital, Ibadan, Nigeria, from March 1998 to August 2000 were recruited at their first clinic presentation, after obtaining informed consent.
Obstetric and gynecological history such as age of onset of menarche, menstrual cycle history, whether periods had usually been regular, age at onset of menopause (natural or otherwise) and history of previous breast disease, as well as smoking, drug and alcohol use history, were obtained from the subjects.
Obstetric and gynecological history such as age of onset of menarche, menstrual cycle history, whether periods had usually been regular, age at onset of menopause (natural or otherwise) and history of previous breast disease, as well as smoking, drug and alcohol use history, were obtained from the subjects.
Obstetric and gynecological history such as age of onset of menarche, menstrual cycle history, whether periods had usually been regular, age at onset of menopause (natural or otherwise) and history of previous breast disease, as well as smoking, drug and alcohol use history, were obtained from the subjects.
Obstetric and gynecological history such as age of onset of menarche, menstrual cycle history, whether periods had usually been regular, age at onset of menopause (natural or otherwise) and history of previous breast disease, as well as smoking, drug and alcohol use history, were obtained from the subjects.
Other information obtained included first-degree family history of breast cancer, history of ever using estrogen-containing contraceptives and where they had lived most of their lives (whether in a rural or urban setting).
Other information obtained included first-degree family history of breast cancer, history of ever using estrogen-containing contraceptives and where they had lived most of their lives (whether in a rural or urban setting).
In contrast, the Iowa Women's Health Study showed no association with WHR, and an earlier report of interaction with family history appeared to have attenuated with time [ 25 26 ] . In the New York University Women's Health Study, the multivariable analysis showed an association between the lowest quintile and the highest quintile of WHR and breast cancer of 1.72 (95% confidence interval = 1.0-3.
Interview data included medical, reproductive, dietary, and lifestyle histories.
Data on hormone replacement use were only available for women who were postmenopausal, and few women beyond menopause had a history of oral contraceptive use, so only premenopausal women were included for those analyses.
The odds ratios were adjusted for age, education, age at menarche, age at first pregnancy, reported family history of breast cancer, body mass index, history of benign breast disease, and age at menopause for postmenopausal women.
The odds ratios were adjusted for age, education, age at menarche, age at first pregnancy, reported family history of breast cancer, body mass index, history of benign breast disease, and age at menopause for postmenopausal women.
Included cases had a later age at menarche, were more likely to be premenopausal, and were more likely to report a family history of breast cancer than cases excluded from the analysis (data not shown).
Risk factors that were updated included menopausal status, family history, diagnosis of benign breast disease, and postmenopausal hormone use.
Relative risks (RR) were calculated by comparing the highest and lowest quintiles of nutrient intake (Q 5 versus Q 1 ). Multivariate models included age at diagnosis, family history of breast cancer in mother or sister, diagnosis of benign breast disease (BBD), age at menarche (in quintiles), body mass index at age 18 (in deciles), adult height (in quartiles), reproductive history (categorical), and vitamin A intake (continuous) in 1980 [ 15 ] . Current vitamin A intake was included in the model because we have previously shown in this cohort of women that lower intake of vitamin A is positively associated with an increased risk of breast cancer.
Relative risks (RR) were calculated by comparing the highest and lowest quintiles of nutrient intake (Q 5 versus Q 1 ). Multivariate models included age at diagnosis, family history of breast cancer in mother or sister, diagnosis of benign breast disease (BBD), age at menarche (in quintiles), body mass index at age 18 (in deciles), adult height (in quartiles), reproductive history (categorical), and vitamin A intake (continuous) in 1980 [ 15 ] . Current vitamin A intake was included in the model because we have previously shown in this cohort of women that lower intake of vitamin A is positively associated with an increased risk of breast cancer.
Reproductive history was represented by dummy variables, indicating whether the subject had children, and, if so, the number of children (one, two, or more than two children) and the age at which the first child was born (before age 24, between ages 25 and 29 inclusive, or age 30 or older).
Breast cancer cases had later age at first birth, lower parity, increased adult height, and higher incidence of BBD, and were more likely than controls to have a family history of breast cancer.
A third limitation of the current study is the possibility of recall bias because high school diet history was obtained after diagnosis of breast cancer.
Questionnaire items pertinent to this report included detailed residential and school histories before age 21 years (such as location, ownership or rental, and dates in and out), highest level of schooling; total time of residence in Marin and other parts of the San Francisco Bay Area throughout the lifetime; ethnicity; childhood religion; parents' highest level of education and occupational characteristics at subject's age 5, 12, and 18 years; other measures of family's socioeconomic conditions including self-assessed socioeconomic status currently and before age 21 years; ages at menarche and menopause, and menopausal status; alcohol use and tobacco use and exposures; reproductive and breastfeeding history; family history of breast cancer; type and ages of use of female hormones; previous non-breast cancers; breast and cervical cancer screening practices; breast procedures; radiation treatments before breast cancer; and body weight and height at various times in life not including the times that the woman was pregnant or nursing or during the first 6 months after pregnancy.
Questionnaire items pertinent to this report included detailed residential and school histories before age 21 years (such as location, ownership or rental, and dates in and out), highest level of schooling; total time of residence in Marin and other parts of the San Francisco Bay Area throughout the lifetime; ethnicity; childhood religion; parents' highest level of education and occupational characteristics at subject's age 5, 12, and 18 years; other measures of family's socioeconomic conditions including self-assessed socioeconomic status currently and before age 21 years; ages at menarche and menopause, and menopausal status; alcohol use and tobacco use and exposures; reproductive and breastfeeding history; family history of breast cancer; type and ages of use of female hormones; previous non-breast cancers; breast and cervical cancer screening practices; breast procedures; radiation treatments before breast cancer; and body weight and height at various times in life not including the times that the woman was pregnant or nursing or during the first 6 months after pregnancy.
Questionnaire items pertinent to this report included detailed residential and school histories before age 21 years (such as location, ownership or rental, and dates in and out), highest level of schooling; total time of residence in Marin and other parts of the San Francisco Bay Area throughout the lifetime; ethnicity; childhood religion; parents' highest level of education and occupational characteristics at subject's age 5, 12, and 18 years; other measures of family's socioeconomic conditions including self-assessed socioeconomic status currently and before age 21 years; ages at menarche and menopause, and menopausal status; alcohol use and tobacco use and exposures; reproductive and breastfeeding history; family history of breast cancer; type and ages of use of female hormones; previous non-breast cancers; breast and cervical cancer screening practices; breast procedures; radiation treatments before breast cancer; and body weight and height at various times in life not including the times that the woman was pregnant or nursing or during the first 6 months after pregnancy.
In addition, ORs for residential history variables were adjusted for other variables included in the multivariate model, but not for each other, because the various residential variables were not mutually exclusive.
Personal and family health history
As shown in Table 2, there were no substantial or statistically significant differences in the frequencies of cases and controls reporting a first-degree relative with breast cancer or a history of benign breast biopsy.
Cases were more likely than controls to have had a history of uterine or ovarian cancer (OR = 3.0; 95% CI, 0.60-15.
Residence history
Interestingly, cases and controls were strikingly similar for several factors known to influence breast cancer risk (such as family history of breast cancer, contemporary socioeconomic status, age at first birth, or use of hormone replacement therapy).
For instance, although the overall rate of positive first-degree family history (19%) among cases is similar to that reported in other recent series [ 16 17 ] , the controls in this population had rates of family history comparable to those of the cases.
For instance, although the overall rate of positive first-degree family history (19%) among cases is similar to that reported in other recent series [ 16 17 ] , the controls in this population had rates of family history comparable to those of the cases.
Cigarette smoking has not been consistently associated with breast cancer risk [ 12 ] . The elevated OR observed in this study for the highest quartile of pack-years smoked might be due to differential participation by controls with a lower pack-year history or differential reporting of smoking history by cases and controls.
Cigarette smoking has not been consistently associated with breast cancer risk [ 12 ] . The elevated OR observed in this study for the highest quartile of pack-years smoked might be due to differential participation by controls with a lower pack-year history or differential reporting of smoking history by cases and controls.
It is also possible that smoking history was confounded by factors not measured in this study, such as physical activity.
This was despite a higher proportion of controls with established breast cancer risk factors such as family history and nulliparity than observed in control subject groups in other recent studies.
Patients aged more than 75 years, those with inflammatory breast cancer, those with a previous history of contralateral breast cancer with higher stage of disease, and those with second primary other than basal cell carcinoma of skin or in situ carcinoma of cervix were excluded from the original MDACC 86-12 study.
Therefore, as in the study by Silber and colleagues [ 1 ] , this validation sample describes the natural history of neutropenia.
Patients who had history of severe dementia or had abused psychoactive drugs and alcohol were excluded from our study.
It has been determined that preoperative risk factors for delirium were older age [ 24, 25, 26], prior cognitive impairment [ 24, 25], pre-existing cerebrovascular or other brain diseases, history of prior delirium [ 25], preoperative abnormal sodium [ 24], vision or hearing impairment [ 24, 26] and regular use of psychotropic drugs before admission [ 24].
The patient with hypoglycemic-induced delirium virtually always has a history of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
One common confounding variable of past studies has been the inclusion of children with a history of recurrent wheezing.
Preterm infants and infants with underlying cardiopulmonary disease, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, previous history of wheezing, or those needing admission to the pediatric intensive care unit were excluded from the study.
To estimate the sample size, we analyzed pulmonary function studies of 14 infants with a recent history of wheezing illness that were performed in our pulmonary function laboratory.
A family history of wheezing or atopy was present in nine infants.
Admission criteria to the study were as follows: stable preoperative haemodynamic conditions, no intravenous cardiovascular therapy, no preoperative diuretic therapy, sinus rhythm, no history of anaphylactic reactions, and normal hepatic and renal function.
In a number of newly admitted patients the diagnosis of sepsis becomes clear after taking the medical history and completing the physical examination [ 3].
One patient with a low SVR classified as idiopathic had a history of significant alcohol consumption.
Our drug screen should have identified tricyclic antidepressants or narcotics in the urine; however, a careful drug history was not elicited in this patient.
The admitting diagnoses are summarized in Table 1. Eighteen patients had a history of cardiac disease, 10 werejaundiced in the preoperative period, 10 underwent preoperative biliaryinstrumentation, nine underwent preoperative biliary drainage, five had ahistory of cirrhosis and/or portal hypertension, four had a history of chronicobstructive pulmonary disease, and three had a history of viral hepatitis.
The admitting diagnoses are summarized in Table 1. Eighteen patients had a history of cardiac disease, 10 werejaundiced in the preoperative period, 10 underwent preoperative biliaryinstrumentation, nine underwent preoperative biliary drainage, five had ahistory of cirrhosis and/or portal hypertension, four had a history of chronicobstructive pulmonary disease, and three had a history of viral hepatitis.
A history of viral hepatitis( P = 0.044) was determined to be significantly associated withpostoperative mortality among patients admitted to the SCU by univariateanalysis.
By univariate analysis, the association of history ofcirrhosis/portal hypertension with postoperative mortality was determined toapproach statistical significance ( P = 0.053) among patients admitted tothe SCU.
Multivariate analysis of those two variables revealed that neither ahistory of viral hepatitis and a history of cirrhosis/portal hypertension wasan independent predictor of postoperative mortality among patients admitted tothe SCU.
On univariate analysis, we found an association of a history of viral hepatitis with postoperative mortality ( P = 0.044) and a near association of a history of cirrhosis (with or without portal hypertension) with postoperative mortality ( P = 0.053).
On univariate analysis, we found an association of a history of viral hepatitis with postoperative mortality ( P = 0.044) and a near association of a history of cirrhosis (with or without portal hypertension) with postoperative mortality ( P = 0.053).
Therefore, preoperative prothrombin time and preoperative albumin, as well as a history of viral hepatitis and/or a history of cirrhosis with or without portal hypertension, may be taken to indicate a need for heightened alertness to the possibility of the need for critical care services after significant hepatobiliary surgery.
Therefore, preoperative prothrombin time and preoperative albumin, as well as a history of viral hepatitis and/or a history of cirrhosis with or without portal hypertension, may be taken to indicate a need for heightened alertness to the possibility of the need for critical care services after significant hepatobiliary surgery.
Malaria parasites have been with us throughout human history.
That study and natural history samples suggest that a sample size of 50-100 should be sufficient to demonstrate a neuro-protective effect on lesion volume in patients.
The determination of MI may require more clinical judgment in patients with inconsistent clinical history, cardiac enzyme data, and ECG information, or suspect cardiac enzyme data.
Furthermore, methods based on a different principle, such as protein sequence-structure threading, have a recent history of success despite uncertainties in their statistical foundations [ 22, 53, 54, 55, 56].
This observation, together with the phyletic distribution of these proteins, provides some clues to their evolutionary history.
One important point is that these regressions are ahistorical: by predicting a relationship between gene and protein composition, these studies imply that the history of a gene or species is unimportant compared to its current state.
Such ahistorical relationships are particularly useful in cases where the goal is prediction of the current state of a sequence (for example, for making PCR primers), rather than reconstruction of its history.
Interestingly, the history of a sequence seems relatively important in determining its codon and amino-acid usage.
This enabled us to infer the most likely history of the cluster duplications (Figure 6d).
Two irregularities in Figure 6dare interesting from the standpoint of genomic history of duplicated genes.
In addition, the history of the 2p cluster is somewhat obscure, as the 2p EGF gene is closest to the EGF gene at 4q27, whereas the 2p SLC4A gene is closest to the SLC4A at 4q13 (as no SLC4A gene is currently known to exist at 4q27).
With the exception of these irregularities, the duplication history in Figure 6dis very well supported by the gene family trees in Figure 6a-cand the full PHYLIP trees (data not shown).
Not only should it be possible to sketch out the history of the development of different biochemical machineries, it should also be possible to establish which parts of the proteins are most critical to function on the basis of amino-acid sequence conservation correlated with the structural contexts.
We have chosen to deal with proteins as modular entities where a module is defined as a protein element that has at least 100 amino-acid residues, carries a biological function and is presumed to have an independent evolutionary history [ 21].
The E. coli proteins were treated as modular entities where a module is at least 100 amino acids, carries a biological function, and has an independent evolutionary history.
Also, tissue specificity as it is deduced from cDNA library history does not provide information about the expression in specific cells of the tissue (for example [ 49]).
In general, the major clades of rice LTR retrotransposons are more closely related to elements present in other species than to the other clades of rice elements, suggesting that horizontal transfer may have occurred over the evolutionary history of rice LTR retrotransposons.
Evolutionary history and diversification of the PRC-barrels
Modifications are time-stamped and associated with the curator's name, providing a complete history of the annotation.
Unlike many other organisms, Drosophila has a genetic history reaching back to 1910, and an enormous amount of data to tie to the sequence.
This history of research has culminated in a rich understanding of the pattern and process of molecular evolution in the genus Drosophila [ 7].
Together with the changes in base composition in both coding and non-coding sequences noted above, the increased rate of evolution in both coding and non-coding sequences detected in the D. willistoni suggests a genome-wide effect, possibly resulting from a change in mutation pressure or a change in population size at some time during the history of this lineage (see also [ 37]).
Much less is known of the domain architecture and evolutionary history of those viral DNA-binding regulatory proteins whose cellular homologs have not (yet) been identified.
Here we describe the functional predictions and evolutionary history of these viral regulatory proteins and their cellular homologs that were detected as a result of these analyses.
The domain architecture and evolutionary history of GOLD-domain proteins: functional implications
This could be a straightforward approach to reconstructing the evolutionary history of gene fusions, if only the topology of the species trees was well resolved.
Therefore, we concentrated on the evolutionary histories of gene fusions that are shared by at least two of the three primary kingdoms.
Thus, the history of this pair of fusion-linked COGs appears to involve horizontal transfer of the fused gene between bacteria and archaea (and possibly also within kingdoms), as well as at least one additional, independent fusion event in bacteria.
The fusion-linked COGs 1605 and 0077 (chorismate mutase and prephenate dehydratase, respectively) show a more complicated history, with distinct fusion events resulting in different domain architectures (see legend to Figure 4).
We have analyzed the sequences of genes encoding GshA and GshB and have discovered that the evolutionary history of these genes is more complex than expected.
Our analysis of the sequences of GshAs and GshBs suggests that the evolutionary history of these proteins is more complex than expected on the basis of the distribution of GSH in extant organisms.
Therefore, we must consider the evolutionary history of the two genes separately.
Other pseudogenes may have been inactivated relatively recently in evolutionary history, and may show substantial codon-preserving bias accumulated over the evolutionary period during which the gene was functional.
We sought to understand the evolutionary history of the proteins involved in cell-wall dynamics, because such an analysis could throw light on the emergence and diversification of this uniquely bacterial structure.
However, the modern era of genomics has been accompanied by increasingly numerous claims that LGT is frequent [ 3, 4, 5, 6], and there now seems little doubt that LGT exerts a significant influence upon evolutionary histories.
If correct, this allows the optimistic viewpoint that the complex interplay of vertical gene descent and LGT can be deciphered to yield correct evolutionary histories, provided that sufficiently detailed studies are done.
Alien genes that may be subject to possible LGT can generally expect a hostile reception in that they lack a history of functional integration with the resident genome.
This conclusion is encouraging as it shows that both vertical and horizontal events of gene transfer can be deduced to track evolutionary history.
The natural history of vertebrates suggests that there were multiple solutions to the problem of CSD.
The identification of multiple Kv3 channel genes, but only single members of the Kv1, Kv2 and Kv4 families, in Diptera (two in Drosophila and three in Anopheles ) raises questions about the evolutionary history of Kv3 K +channel genes.
The same tree topology was supported by both neighbor-joining and maximum-likelihood trees, though lack of a clear ortholog from a more distant organism (for example, a deuterostome) makes this type of assessment, regarding gene history, more difficult.
The high level of amino-acid sequence identity, as well as the conservation of intron-exon boundaries, in combination with the chromosomal proximity of these genes in Anopheles and Drosophila , provides a greater understanding of the molecular diversity and evolutionary history of K +-channel genes in the order Diptera.
Each subject underwent a structured, computer-assisted telephone interview covering demographic characteristics, smoking history, asthma history, symptoms, and treatment, health status, health care utilization for asthma, and insurance for asthma care.
Each subject underwent a structured, computer-assisted telephone interview covering demographic characteristics, smoking history, asthma history, symptoms, and treatment, health status, health care utilization for asthma, and insurance for asthma care.
There were no statistical differences in history of ever smoking (43% of participants in both interviews versus 37% of non-participants at follow-up), female gender (73% versus 66%), atopic history (82% versus 83%), or severity-of-asthma scores (11.
There were no statistical differences in history of ever smoking (43% of participants in both interviews versus 37% of non-participants at follow-up), female gender (73% versus 66%), atopic history (82% versus 83%), or severity-of-asthma scores (11.
Current and prior cigarette smoking history was assessed using questions adapted from the National Health Interview Survey [ 28].
We previously developed and validated a 13-item disease-specific severity-of-asthma score with four subscales: frequency of current asthma symptoms (daytime or nocturnal), use of systemic corticosteroids, use of other asthma medications (besides systemic corticosteroids), and history of hospitalizations and intubations [ 23, 24, 25].
As a result, the hospitalization and intubation subscale now reflects only prior history of intubation.
Atopic history was defined by a reported history of allergic rhinitis or atopic dermatitis.
Atopic history was defined by a reported history of allergic rhinitis or atopic dermatitis.
Because prior work suggests an unexpectedly high prevalence of aspirin intolerance in persons with near fatal asthma [ 29], we ascertained any history of aspirin sensitivity at baseline interview.
Our results suggest that simple demographic and clinical features, especially low income, non-white race, previous hospitalization history, systemic corticosteroid use, and reliance on emergency department for urgent asthma care, can identify such high-risk patients for more intensive therapy.
These difficulties support further inquiry into relevant legislative history to help determine the meaning of the presence requirement.
Legislative History.
The legislative history of the presence requirement in the Corporation's appropriations and the applicable H-2A provisions in the Immigration Reform and Control Act confirm that Congress intended to provide meaningful representation to eligible aliens, including H-2A workers on claims arising from their employment contract; and that Congress did not understand the presence requirement to severely alter or restrict this representation.
Upon careful consideration of the findings of fact, the language and purposes of the statute and the legislative history, the Commission has determined that none of these formulations fully responds to the purposes of the statute or the intent of Congress.
Together, the language, purpose, and legislative history of the applicable statutes, and the factual record before the Commission, suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation:
Workers thus are socially isolated, having no support systems of family or friends, and no familiarity, contacts, or shared history with the communities where they are located.
The USDOL lacks adequate resources to enforce its regulations, April Testimony at 57 (testimony of Jack Londen, Attorney at Law), and has a long history of weak enforcement of the H-2A program.
B. Legislative History
The legislative history provides assistance in analyzing the presence requirement.
The legislative history reveals no explanation for this change.
The new language received virtually no discussion; nothing in the legislative history suggests that Congress intended to adopt new or more stringent restrictions on alien representation.
The legislative history establishes that legal representation for H-2A workers was a crucial part of the legislative compromise that established the H-2A program.
The creation of the H-2A program was controversial, given the history of prior temporary agricultural programs such as the Bracero program.
The fact is the history of the abuses in that H-2 program, which has been documented time and time again, cannot be corrected without effective representation, as you could easily contemplate guest workers coming here for a short period of time, hoping to come back again, anxious to pick up a wage considerably higher than the wage they might be making in their own country, have no individual ability and no effective collective ability to enforce the protections that the U.S. law is supposed to guarantee them.
The legislative history of IRCA makes clear that Congress intended for LSC recipients to provide meaningful legal representation to H-2A workers on matters arising under the employment contract.
The legislative history contains no evidence that Congress believed it was limiting legal representation of H-2A workers to the period when such workers were physically present in the United States.
This legislative history suggests that Congress, with full knowledge that H-2A workers were only in the United States on a temporary basis, intended that their rights under their H-2A contracts be protected by being given access to meaningful legal services.
The legislative history of the 1996 revision contains no discussion of the "present in the United States" requirement and no indication that Congress sought to alter existing practice regarding the representation of aliens.
Neither the language nor the legislative history of the statute suggest that Congress intended to alter the application of the presence requirement.
In sum, the legislative history of the presence requirement confirms that Congress intended to provide meaningful representation to eligible aliens, including H-2A workers on claims arising from their employment contract; and that Congress did not understand the presence requirement to severely alter or restrict this representation.
22 Upon careful consideration of the language and purposes of the statute and the legislative history, the Commission has determined that none of these formulations fully responds to the purposes of the statute or the intent of Congress.
The legislative history contains no evidence that Congress intended LSC representation of legal permanent residents and other aliens to turn on the accident of where an alien happened to be at the moment the cause of action arose or the litigation commenced, or to require the alien to be continuously physically present throughout the course of representation.
Together, the language, purpose, and legislative history of the applicable statutes, and the factual record before the Commission, suggest an interpretation of the statute that would authorize the following representation:
The language and legislative history of the LSC appropriations acts and the H-2A statute make clear that Congress intended to provide meaningful legal representation to aliens in the designated categories, and there is no evidence that Congress considered the presence requirement to severely restrict this interpretation.
It is well settled that a history of practice under a statute can aid in its interpretation, particularly when Congress has amended the statute without disapproving of the administrative practice.
The Commission's interpretation is the only interpretation which comports with the language and legislative history of the presence requirement and which permits full and meaningful representation to aliens eligible for legal assistance consistent with Congress' purpose.
Each group represented a time in the history of legal services -- The Past (20 years ago), The Present and The Future (10 years from now).
Let's start with a history lesson.
The LSC-funded programs in Illinois have a long history of working together on joint projects, state support and other matters.
Maryland has a long history of statewide planning.
Responding to concerns on the part of the MCCJ, the Pro Bono Resource Center, and others that, despite a long history of strong pro bono commitment, some momentum appears to have been lost in recent years, the Court of Appeals established the Maryland Judicial Commission on Pro Bono in 1998 to reinvigorate the pro bono effort.
The civil legal assistance in the state has a long history of collaborative fundraising endeavors.
Building on a long history of close coordination of legal work, the programs collaborate through five task forces--domestic relations, administrative law, housing, migrant and elder law.
An ideal screening test should not interfere with the routine sequence of medical history, physical examination, and laboratory testing.
She found that ED patients were one and one-half to three times more likely than primary care patients to report heavy drinking, consequences of drinking, alcohol dependence, or history of treatment for an alcohol problem.
He thought natural history
A simple questionnaire such as the CAGE can easily be incorporated into a routine history and physical examination.
This file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody; a copy of the sample log sheet; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test(s); chemical analysis data on the sample(s); detailed records of the test organisms used in the test(s), such as species, source, age, date of receipt, and other pertinent information relating to their history and health; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments; test conditions employed; and results of reference toxicant tests.
This file should contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody; a copy of the sample log sheet; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test(s); chemical analysis data on the sample(s); detailed records of the test organisms used in the test(s), such as species, source, age, date of receipt, and other pertinent information relating to their history and health; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments; test conditions employed; and results of reference toxicant tests.
This file must contain a record of the sample chain-of-custody; a copy of the sample log sheet; the original bench sheets for the test organism responses during the toxicity test(s); chemical analysis data on the sample(s); detailed records of the test organisms used in the test(s), such as species, source, age, date of receipt, and other pertinent information relating to their history and health; information on the calibration of equipment and instruments; test conditions employed; and results of reference toxicant tests.
The history of Clean Air Act legislation is one of great accomplishments made possible by bipartisan efforts.
The definition for "adjusted baseline heat input" establishes a modified baseline heat input value, which, for units with an operating history, is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted.
Allowances will be allocated based on the units' baseline heat input, which, for units with an operating history, is adjusted by a standard factor to reflect the types of coal that were combusted.
, soils, bedrock type, geologic history) affect the rate of water chemistry response to acid deposition.
In fact, given the company's long history of profitable growth, there seemed to be little reason to change.
In keeping with the fast pay requirements, we also suggested that the system designs include procedures to identify first time vendors and vendors with a history of abusing fast pay.These vendors would not be eligible to participate in fast pay until the agency had satisfied itself that those vendors were worthy businesses that could be paid under fast pay.
This section provides a brief overview of that legislative history.
, business strategist, marketing specialist, policy and oversight manager, operations specialist, etc.) consistent with the enterprise«s mission, history, current environment, culture, and change readiness.
Under this simulation, annual federal surpluses, which peak at 5 percent of GDP, would last longer than ever before in the nation's history and the government would hold nonfederal financial assets for over 50 years.
The history of budget forecasts should be a reminder not to be complacent about the certainty that large surpluses will materialize over the next 10 years as projected.
In Texas, models used with the neural network technology identify fraudulent patterns from large volumes of medical claims and patient and provider history data.
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product's Development Can Take15 DOD's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD's Acquisition Process56
Figure 7 shows the drawing completion history for the program.
Figure 7: History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program
§552(b)(5) (deliberative process) and (b)(7) (law enforcement records) and (2) disclosure could reasonably be expected to impair substantially the operations of the government-a requirement that, as the legislative history of Section 716 makes clear, presents a very high standard for an agency to meet.
VHA's database, which contains over 51,000 records on cardiac surgical outcomes, is risk-adjusted for severity of illness on the basis of 54 variables, including age and previous medical history, collected prior to surgery.
Thus, understanding the laws and the legislative history establishing a program can be essential to understanding the program itself.
Information about the legal authority for the audited program, its history and current objectives, its principal locations, and other background that can help auditors understand and carry out the audit plan.
history of impropriety, such as past audits or investigations with findings of questionable or criminal activity.
Finally, neither the plain meaning of the statute nor the legislative history supports the Vice President«s interpretation of the terms ƒresults≈ and ƒagency.
7 As the principal legislative history accompanying the General Accounting Office Act of 1980 explains, ƒWith the growth in the number of Federal programs and agencies, the Congress has by necessity become more dependent on GAO assistance in fulfilling its oversight and legislative responsibilities.
As we explained in our June 22 letter, the Counsel«s narrow interpretation of section 712 is inconsistent with the language and legislative history of the statute, as well as years of GAO practice.
As we explained in our June 22 letter, the Counsel failed to supply any evidence from the statutory language, legislative history, or case law to support the assertion that Congress intended the phrase "existing law" to exclude the Constitution, the highest law of the land.
There is no indication in section 717 or its legislative history that Congress intended to take such a narrow view of GAO«s authority.
The legislative history of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1970, which enacted the authority now contained in section 717(b), supports a broad interpretation of GAO«s authority.
The legislative history of the General Accounting Office Act of 1980, which amended GAO«s access statute (now 31 U.S.C.
The principal legislative history accompanying the Act16 chronicled the different access problems GAO had encountered in obtaining records to which it was legally entitled, including ƒserious access to records difficulties at the White House.
NHTSA's interpretation of section 330, while not necessarily the only plausible approach, is supported by the language and legislative history of this provision.
NHTSA's legal interpretation is supported by the language and legislative history of section 330.
The legislative history of section 330, taken as a whole, suggests that the fundamental purpose of this provision was to prevent an anticipated increase in the CAFE standards.
In this context, the references in the history to requiring an identical standard or precluding any changes for 1998 may have been based on the assumption that the outcome of any change would be an increase in the standard.
The history does not explicitly address the possibility that the 20.
The final rule contains information collections that are subject to review by the Office of Management and Budget and include device master records, device history records, quality system records and complaint files.
The assessment also discusses the costs involved in two alternatives that were considered but were found not to adequately reflect the intent of the legislation, as reflected by the legislative history of Public Law 104-193.
HCFA, among other calculations, had to perform a special data collection from its fiscal intermediaries to obtain cost report data and generate an unduplicated census count from the National Claims History Standard Analytical File.
History has shown that the present self-regulatory structure has not been adequate in this regard.
Appendixes Appendix I: Theory and History 86 Appendix II: Site Selection Example 106 Appendix III: Guidelines for Reviewing Case 113Study Reports Bibliography 121 Glossary 145 Papers in This Series 150
Indeed, the history of the case study as an evaluation method is little older than a decade.
The career criminal program aimed at "swift and certain" justice by trying to expedite and strengthen processing of individuals who had long criminal histories at the time of apprehension.
We might shadow several noncompetitive procurements, following their life history from initiation through actual awards, sitting in on meetings, and studying, over time, how the awards were handled.
Theory and History
reports how much time the investigation covered in relation to the history of the instance or program.
history and continue through its completion or stabilization.
Figure 4: GAO History: 1921 to the Present
Figure 6: History of Field Office Structure
The privacy and confidentiality of medical records, credit histories, and other personal data on millions of individuals stored in electronic databases are also at potential risk.
At Harvard, Zelon made history when her team won the Williston Competition, a contract-negotiating contest open to first-year law students at the school.
The agency also has a lauded history of activism.
In its suit, the Passaic County office asserts that the federal agency's executive vice president, Randi Youells, sought the merger in large part because of her personal history with the office, which refused to hire her as a consultant in 1997.
The space, which Zastany hopes to open by Sept. 1, will feature computers that will give patrons access to case histories, legal glossaries and other information through the Internet and CD-ROMs.
Produced by NYD2, a communications firm based in Somerset, the documentary features case histories of clients whose needs ranged from housing to fighting off deportation.
But in the last several years, the office widened its search for potential hires, reaching outside the state for the first time in its history.
It also fit with his history of taking on new challenges.
Long history in Larimer
Florentino "Lico" Subia's entire life history is inside his Chihuahuita home in South El Paso.
When Fedge examined the Ledfords' recent mortgage loan history, this is what he saw:
Her position is the first in CCR's history and was developed to expand the group's reach through special events, marketing and public relations.
That's best for his clients, he says, because most are people with low incomes and a history of legal problems that could prove detrimental if aired in court.
One morning last year, David Bookstaver arrived at work in lower Manhattan and literally pulled the plug on the first official news of what is surely the most substantial initiative for pro bono publico in the history of the New York State Unified Court System
universal service obligation in France, is primarily defined by history and tradition.
1 Campbell, James I., Jr., "An Introduction to the History of the Postal Monopoly Law in the United States," The Last Monopoly, The CATO Institute, Washington, D.C., 1996.
Throughout its history, the Postal Service has backed away from constraints on the dimensions and characteristics of pieces that can be mailed.
Procedural history: Request filed by Postal Service on March 7, 2001.
Procedural history: Request filed by Postal Service on September 27, 1999.
Procedural history: Market test of same service approved by PRC in Docket No.
Procedural History: Request Filed by Postal Service September 20, 2001.
Roger Schonfeld's book draws out many of the significant points about JSTOR's place in the history of electronic publication through a minute examination of the process leading to JSTOR as it is today.
I sympathise with Roger Schonfeld in attempting to write such a comprehensive history, but what is the point of appearing to be comprehensive when comprehensiveness is an impossible goal?
Would a briefer history have been just as valuable?
Leaving aside quibbles and caveats about the book and about JSTOR, this remains a fascinating and instructive history of an important and ground-breaking initiative.
An accident of history, however, selectively wiped out all the male bullies of his main study troop.
The conclusion from this natural experiment is that, like human societies, each animal society has its own ecological and behavioral history, which determines its prevalent social style.
This is the great shift which has taken place in the history of risk….
At least, that was the guess of researchers working on the natural history and nutrition of the deer, which became listless and showed signs of depressed mood, hanging their heads and lowering their ears.
To highlight the many seminal contributions of plant scientists to the field, we offer here a personal perspective on the origins and history of RNA-mediated gene silencing in plants.
The history of gene silencing research shows once again that plants offer outstanding experimental systems for elucidating general biological principles.
The novelty here is that selection on one locus depends on the history of gene frequencies at the other, “niche construction”, locus.
Courts already consider other factors, such as a history of child abuse, in an attempt to more fully understand the psychological state of the defendant.
The latter process uses DNA to record the history of a series of chemical reactions by cosynthesizing a portion of a DNA oligonucleotide during each step of a molecule's solidphase synthesis.
Sometimes the focus on the presenter pays off, as when we see the six-foot scientist looking like a small child beside Chris Greener, the tallest man in Britain, or witness Leroi's faint chagrin at discovering that his DNA is mostly European, despite his cosmopolitan family history.
Citing a history of racism, including the historically well-documented Tuskegee Syphilis Study, Reid asks rhetorically whether genetics research will result in a “genetically modified” white upper class and a lower, dark-skinned “natural birth class”?
We only need to look to history as our proof.
In the history of the planet, there has never been anything as productive of life as a wheat field in Kansas.
Throughout our history, until very recently, we all had worms.
But it is at least as likely that the microbial world, resentful at being either ignored or exterminated, will come up with something to consign us to a footnote in the history of life when it is ultimately written by the silicon entities.
It is crucial that our evolving knowledge of “genomic recycling” be used to enhance our understanding of the evolution of humans, not only in the context of “descendants of ancient apes,” but in the larger context of our fundamental unity and shared genetic history with all other species.
We don't know which features of Earth life are essential and which are just accidents of history.
In particular, the most common and destructive pathogens faced by humans and other mammals are RNA viruses, such as influenza A, yellow fever, and hepatitis C. In most cases, our ability to survive these viral infections is simply a combination of good luck and good breeding; with the right combination of MHC alleles, itself a function of population history and what we by chance inherit from our parents, some individuals may be more able to fight off viral infections than others.
Nowhere in the history of evolution has sustainability ever been naturally selected for,’ says du Toit.
A ban in the 1866s by the French Academy of Sciences on publications about the origin of human language must have been one of the strangest bans in the history of sciences.
The history of domesticated plant form and function evolves along a two-tiered track that doubles back on itself, offering panoramic vistas of natural forces intertwined with the creative force of human endeavor (Figure 1).
Throughout evolutionary history, there will be variability and heritability in flower colour (as documented for 
Given the long history of use of molecular markers (e.g.
, see the February 2003 issue of Trends in Ecology and Evolution ). The former view reflects a real need to connect different life history stages and to increase the precision and efficiency of field studies involving diverse and difficult-to-identify taxa.
The history of modern computing is very brief and (at least judging by the sales) very glorious, and this story is most entertaining.
The second, and rather less satisfying, book is about the philosophy of mind and the history of artificial intelligence and neural network approaches to understanding the brain and replicating cognition.
Historical mechanisms are those that suggest that earth history (e.g.
, the opening of the Drake Passage and the cooling of Antarctica) and phylogenetic history have played major roles in generating current patterns in diversity, and tend to emphasise regional (and especially longitudinal) differences therein (Qian and Ricklefs 2004; Ricklefs 2004).
If differences in climates do cascade upwards to influence individuals, species, and broader scale patterns in diversity, their influence should be readily detectable at the level of species' life histories and distributions.
In birds, large-scale geographic variation in life history variables, such as the incidence of cooperative breeding, extent of parental care, survival, and the timing of reproduction, has been studied for at least the past 50 years, and the mechanisms underlying this variation have been much debated.
Insect life histories also show hemisphere-related variation.
They ascribe this difference to the warmer and less thermally variable conditions of the southern hemisphere, which, as we have already noted, have considerable effects on species life histories.
Despite considerable spatial complexity, there do seem to be regular north–south differences in species life histories and patterns of range size variation that are consistent with disparities in the climates of the two hemispheres (Figure 6).
First, both phylogenetically independent and non-independent comparisons of life history traits and physiological variables across a variety of groups are required.
Moreover, replicated studies using similar methods might substantially improve the signal-to-noise ratio, which can be weakened in “macrophysiological” or large-scale life history and physiological comparisons by the fact that different methods often lead to different outcomes.
The outstanding milestone in the early history of biological quantitation was the work of William Harvey, Exercitatio Anatomica De Motu Cordis et Sanguinis In Animalibus (An Anatomical Disquisition on the Motion of the Heart and Blood in Animals) (Harvey 1847), first published in 1628.
For example, game theory has a history before the work of John von Neumann (von Neumann 1959; von Neumann and Morgenstern 1953), and Karl Pearson's development of the correlation coefficient (Pearson and Lee 1903) rested on earlier work by Francis Galton (1889).
These relatively recent events should be a good model for working out how similar events affected genetic diversity throughout evolutionary history.
“We took some dust from the top of the natural history museum in Oxford, extracted [DNA], used their supposedly halospecific primers and extracted a whole bunch of sequences, including some that fell within their diversity.”
“As no information was provided on the sample's handling history,” says Gilbert, “it becomes impossible for a reader to decide whether the sequences are authentic or contaminant” (Box 2).
However, in spite of the continual problem of eager but inexperienced biologists trying to extract DNA from specimens in the university museum, there is a sense that aDNA is starting to fill in the gaps in our understanding of key moments in evolutionary history.
The field of molecular phylogeography, which documents the history of spatial isolation and geographic expansion of populations, has developed.
, opportunities for founder events) in the history of recently formed species.
“Many of the key species that govern ecosystem dynamics in the Antarctic have life histories that depend on the availability of winter sea ice.
This evidence came from Fraser's own studies, over the past 30 years, of three Antarctic penguin species that share similar life histories (including a penchant for krill) but show striking contrasts in their relationship to the sea ice (Figure 2).
With a life history accustomed to the formation of sea ice at critical points in their life cycle, Adélies are finding themselves faced with an unpredictable sea ice cycle that outpaces their ability to adapt.
“Adélies don't seem capable of adjusting anything about their life history,” says Fraser.
One comes away from the exhibit with a sense of the power of raw imagery that one may not have felt since the grade-school days of reading illicit comics when one was supposed to be learning the dates of battle sequences through history.
The world that animals perceive is not an objective, veridical representation of the physical world, he argued, but is instead a product of the particular sense organs that each species has acquired in its evolutionary history [1].
Participants in the control and COPD/emphysema groups had similar (mean [SD] of 54 [6] and 45 [5], respectively) “pack-year” smoking histories, where smoking one pack of cigarettes per day each year is defined as one pack-year.
Participants had no history of allergy or asthma and had not received oral/systemic corticosteroids during the last 6 mo.
The History of Enzyme Replacement Therapy
It is only with proper awareness of the natural history of the disease that one can make rational judgments regarding who needs treatment.
Academic medical centers like our own have played a particularly important role in the history of medical discovery; the hallmark of these institutions is our commitment to thinking and reflecting about the patients we see, patients who are often extremely sick and whose management is exceptionally complex.
There are two main reasons why certain trials are not published: one is that the pharmaceutical industry has a long history of suppressing data that are commercially unfavorable and the second is that medical journals and the popular media favor publication of positive over negative trials (after all, negative trials do not make for a provocative newspaper headline).
A 38-y-old woman with Down syndrome was admitted to hospital for investigation of a 6-mo history of anorexia and weight loss of 40 lbs.
There was no family history of aplastic anemia.
Nor is there any normative guidance offered by our evolutionary history that shows why we should not try to improve upon the biological design with which we are endowed.
History of Islet Transplantation
After informed consent was obtained, questionnaires on lifestyle and health history were administered, and height and weight measured.
The history of many European countries is such that Europe has much stronger ties with Africa than does the United States, so it makes political sense for the European Union to fund research that provides a springboard for European researchers to compete effectively with US scientists.
In the United States, diagnosis in patients who have symptoms is established by serodiagnosis in conjunction with patient history.
Furthermore, EGFR mutations are common in tumors from patients who have smoked less than 100 cigarettes in their lifetimes (“never smokers”) [3], while KRAS mutations more commonly occur in individuals with a history of substantial cigarette use [9].
She was a nonsmoker and denied any history of head or neck trauma, or ocular, cardiac, vascular, or neurologic disease.
Recently, we have documented a decrease in activity among children (age ~4 years) in the United States Head Start program (a child-development program that aims to increase the school-readiness of young children in low-income families) who have a history of wheezing [24].
A 31-year-old white male with no significant past medical history is referred by his workplace to a primary care physician for an elevated blood pressure (BP).
Erectile dysfunction is a complication associated with diabetes and can be an early sign of neuropathy and vascular disease, therefore a phosphodiesterase-5 enzyme inhibitor is an appropriate choice for patients not on vasodilators or with a history of significant CVD.
This patient likely represents the natural history of type 2 diabetes in most patients.
Side effects include weight gain and water retention, and patients with a history of New York Heart Association class III or IV heart failure should not use TZDs [24,25].
What about history's corpus delicti?
Brief case histories of these three patients are presented below.
This 55-y-old woman with a nine pack-year history of smoking underwent two surgical resections within 2 y (right lower and left upper lobectomies) for bronchioloalveolar carcinoma with focal invasion.
In three additional patients (case histories not described here) with lung adenocarcinomas who improved but subsequently progressed on therapy with either gefitinib or erlotinib, we examined DNA from tumor specimens obtained during disease progression.
They do not take family history of premature coronary artery disease into account; they do not benefit from new assays that can differentiate lipoproteins by particle size and number, both of which are important factors in atherogenicity; and they do not include the quality of the patient's diet, abdominal fat content, racial and ethnic genetic differences, confounding medical conditions, certain gender differences, and other factors.
Rather, we need to learn from the history of socioeconomic development that it is not simply affluence that permits the increased impact of CVD and other NCDs; it is the risk factors for these diseases that spread across socioeconomic boundaries, causing the same illnesses regardless of the socioeconomic status of the population.
In his lightning trip through medicine, Blood and Guts: A Short History of Medicine (W.
Unfortunately, the other two major CHD risk factors—high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and family history of premature CHD—were not captured in either data source.
This patient should be hospitalized no later than the evening before surgery, given his history of frequent episodes of hypo- and hyperglycemia and his poor glycemic control.
Patients may be classified as at low, medium, or high risk of developing CHD according to the presence of CHD, some other medical conditions (for example, diabetes), and major risk factors including cholesterol level, smoking, lifestyle, and family history.
Smoking history was categorized based on both self-report and serum cotinine levels.
Persons who gave a history of current smoking and/or had serum cotinine levels greater than 56.
While we acknowledge that our practice pattern is by no means a standard-of-care requirement, we feel it is a reasonable approach to this dilemma until larger, prospective observational studies have been conducted to better elucidate the natural history of these high-risk pregnancies and to better answer the question of when the ideal gestational age is to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins.
Family history of premature coronary artery disease is a major but underused risk factor.
A nonsmoker, she lacked a relevant family history and was vigorously athletic.
In the remaining 70% of the postings, group members provided each other with what amounted to a crash course in their shared disease, discussing topics such as the anatomy, physiology, and natural history of the disorder; treatment options and management guidelines for each form of treatment; and treatment side effects, medical self-management, the day-to-day practicalities of living with the disease, and the effects of their condition on family and friends (Table 1).
, place and season of birth) [7], the size of the odds ratio for family history suggests that searching for the familial determinants of schizophrenia is rational for etiological research.
Unpacking the Family History Risk Factor
The strongest evidence comes from the history of the use of antibiotics for growth promotion in Europe.
VRE are rarely found outside of hospitals in the US, except for patients who have a prior history of hospitalization.
In contrast, community prevalence of VRE was estimated at 2%–12% in Europe during the late 1990s, including carriage by people with no history of hospitalization [17,41–48].
Twins' research is a favorite tool of the human geneticist, but it has a controversial history.
To begin with, the results should encourage researchers to develop animal models that reflect, to the fullest extent possible, what is known about the natural history and pathogenesis of the disease in humans, rather than designing trials to fit the animal models that are available.
An important question for researchers is to establish whether dementia incidence, prevalence, and national history vary from one location to another.
A Brief History
Ireland has been inhabited since very ancient times, but Irish history really begins with the arrival of the Celts around the 6th century b.c. , Ireland’s first documented invasion.
The importance of this phase of Irish history, for both the Irish themselves and civilization in general, cannot be overrated.
In 1169 the Normans landed in Wexford, beginning the struggle between England and Ireland that was to dominate Irish history until independence.
A Brief History
Two of the recurring themes of Scottish history are minors inheriting the throne and divided loyalties.
Robert Burns’s poems and Walter Scott’s novels rekindled interest in Scotland’s history and nationhood; Scott especially worked hard to raise Scotland’s profile.
In addition, the city’s rich history and architecture have made it one of the most popular tourist destinations in the United Kingdom.
a brief History
Archaeologists are still debating about the exact chronology of certain Egyptian dynasties and individual rulers, however, general agreement exists on the division of history into set phases, giving a name to each.
One of the most prolific builders in the history of Egypt ruled for over 60 years and supervised magnificent projects expanding Luxor and Karnak temples and creating the magnificent Abu Simbel.
A BRIEF HISTORY
Their history has been a constant quest for national identity: a conflict between strong regional loyalties and central authority.
(Sword and cross were to form a regular alliance in French history. )
De Gaulle, with his canny sense of history, took an important step toward rebuilding national self-confidence by insisting that French armed forces fight side by side with the Americans and British for the liberation of the country, but, above all, that the French army be the first to enter Paris itself.
A Brief History
A volcanic eruption on Martinique prevented these early island-hoppers from staying long; they soon vanished from history, leaving only the scantiest archaeological traces.
a brief History
He was followed in 336 b.c. by his son Alexander the Great, one of the most remarkable leaders in history.
A Brief History
The history of Hawaii reads like the story of a mythical kingdom.
While such island societies might seem less than Edenic, the early Hawaiians led a pleasurable life, singing their own histories to the beat of gourds, riding the waves on long wooden surfboards, and developing an elaborate, graceful form of story-dance, the hula.
Among those wounded that day was the young man who would soon unite the Hawaiian kingdom for the first time in its long history.
In the popular mind, the history of Hong Kong, long the entryway to China for Westerners, begins in 1841 with the British occupation of the territory.
However, it would be wrong to dismiss the long history of the region itself.
•A Brief History
•A detailed history of the island doesn’t begin until it became a colony of Carthage in the 7th century b.c. (see also pages 14-15).
A BRIEF HISTORY
Her proudest achievement, though, was the Green Revolution that modernized wheat and rice farming to give India, for the first time in its history, self-sufficiency in food production.
A Brief History
The land we know today as Israel has had many names during its history.
A Brief History
The modern Republic of Turkey dates only from 1923, but the history of the land within its borders stretches back to the dawn of humanity.
The ancient Greeks traditionally took the fall of Troy, as recounted by Homer, as the starting point of their history.
Süleyman the Magnificent, aged 25, ascended the throne and ruled for 46 years (1520–1566), the longest and most glorious reign in the history of the Ottomans.
Despite these political tensions, Turkey is becoming an increasingly popular tourist destination, offering all the trappings of a Mediterranean paradise and a wealth of fascinating history.
A BRIEF HISTORY
Despite its extraordinarily fragmented history, unified Italy took its place among modern nations as an unexceptional centralized state, careful to protect the interests of its industrial and financial establishment and granting reforms to the working classes only under the pressure of their united action.
They had existed through most of their history without it and Mussolini had spoiled their appetite.
A Brief History
A Brief History
Throughout the seventh and eighth centuries numerous Japanese monks, scholars, and artists made the perilous trip west across the Sea of Japan to study Chinese religion, history, music, literature, and painting — later to be brought back for further development in Japan.
At this early stage in its history Japan was already (for the most part) only nominally ruled by the emperor.
A Brief History
Jerusalem’s recorded history begins with its mention in Egyptian court records 4,000 years ago, but there had been human settlements here for centuries, probably millennia, before that.
In a province rife with rebellion and retaliation, the execution in Jerusalem of yet another religious leader from the Galilee did not by itself have an immediate effect on history.
For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history.
A Brief History
Early History
A Brief History
The inhabited history of the Las Vegas Valley stretches to 23,000 b.c. , when much of the area was covered by a prehistoric lake.
On 15 May 1905, the railroad held a land sale — a momentous step in Las Vegas history.
A Brief History
Recorded history of the volcanic archipelago begins in relatively recent times: 1418, just as the golden age of Portuguese discovery was erupting.
A BRIEF HISTORY
Though prehistoric remains from the Paleolithic, Neolithic, and Bronze Ages have been unearthed in the Manzanares Valley, prior to Madrid’s sudden elevation to capital city in 1561 its history was rather undistinguished.
Over a period of many centuries crucial in Spanish history, Madrid’s significance was negligible.
A Brief History
The first to realize the larger commercial potential, as so often throughout the country’s subsequent history, were the Chinese.
He served as lieutenant-governor in Java and Sumatra, during which time he wrote a History of Java.
But Raffles secured his place in history by negotiating with the Sultan of Johor the creation of the Singapore trading post, in 1819.
a brief History
Another skill with stones was evident in the islanders’ deadly use of the sling, which brought them onto the world stage and into written history.
This busy, modern European city sits on a thousand years of history — history is present everywhere, from elegant Merrion Square to the bullet holes on the General Post Office.
This busy, modern European city sits on a thousand years of history — history is present everywhere, from elegant Merrion Square to the bullet holes on the General Post Office.
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age, trace the history of the Easter Rising, or revisit Leopold Bloom’s odyssey in Ulysses.
Three major museums illustrate Edinburgh’s fascinating history, with one holding a collection revealing the annals of Scotland’s past and the lives of her most illustrious sons and daughters.
E gypt’s long and illustrious history seems to hold the modern world spellbound.
But tourism is the country’s modern lifeblood, and not just as a result of our insatiable thirst for history.
The kingdom of the Pharaohs has many more eras of history to add yet.
Although they now form part of the modern state of Greece, a deep imprint of history’s footsteps can be seen clearly on every dusty hill, in every olive grove, and along every coastline.
The volatile and fascinating history of the whole area means that no two islands are identical, although similarities do exist.
They carry essential goods, just as they have done throughout history.
In fact, when you look at its 4,000 years of history — or any of today’s newspapers, for that matter — its countless feuds seem to be a perpetual but necessary dynamic of Indian civilization.
Possibly no other country has had such a turbulent history.
Visits to Masada and Yad Vashem (the Holocaust Museum) may give you an inkling of the capacity for tragedy and heroism embodied in both that history and the modern State of Israel.
Italy’s western approaches are guarded by two of the Mediterranean’s largest islands, Sardinia and Sicily, both rugged, mysterious, and steeped in history.
Given its short history as a unified nation, much of Italy’s patriotic sense seems to be most visible in the national football (soccer) team.
There’s an abundance of nature, history, art, and modern culture to be explored and enjoyed.
A long history of absorbing outside influences has resulted in a society in which people expect to have a Shinto baptism, a pseudo-Christian wedding (usually held in a hotel “chapel” and officiated by an unordained foreigner in a robe), and a Buddhist funeral.
Being at the center of so much history allows for a bewildering religious and ethnic diversity in Jerusalem.
Sheltered by houses made of the same rocks, revering the same stories, sharing the same history, many Jerusalem neighbors who come from very different backgrounds have forged unique and extraordinary friendships.
The Lake District is rich in mineral deposits that have been put to good use since ancient times, and throughout much of the region’s history, mining was a major industry.
Throughout history, the natives of this region carried on life in relative isolation from the rest of the country.
When families live together for generations in the same town and valley, especially when these communities have been forced to pull together in times of hardship, a strong feeling of community is created, as has been the case throughout the history of this rugged territory.
In a testament to Las Vegas’s relentless pursuit of illusion,its modern visitors never recognize the landmarks that originally offered the city its shot at history: its natural springs, most of which have long since run empty.
Notable as the only major American city built in the twentieth century, Las Vegas is particularly unfettered by any burden of history or preservation.
With a history of emigration and return, of welcoming visiting merchants and seafarers, and, during a brief period of occupation, a garrison of British troops, islanders are a cosmopolitan mix.
Closer to Madrid are other sights that reveal pivotal periods of Spanish history.
History can be lived and felt amid the longhouses of Sabah and Sawarak, in the kite-flying and top-spinning traditions of northeastern Kelantan, in the many graceful and beautiful dance and story-telling traditions, and in the vibrant colors of batik art.
The new Irish Music Hall of Fame (IMHF), 57 Middle Abbey Street, presents concerts and other events, along with its exhibits and audio-visual tour through the history of Irish pop music.
In a place steeped in history, buying antiques seems the logical thing to do.
The show, which begins each evening at 9:00 p.m. , relates in melodramatic fashion the history of Istanbul while coloured floodlights illuminate the spectacular architecture of the Blue Mosque.
Turkish wines («arap) have a history going back as far as 7000 b.c. , and some believe that European vine-stocks may well have originated here.
However, there’s no denying that this area has just about everything needed for a perfect holiday, whether you want to do nothing but sit on a beach, dive and snorkel along the coral reefs, enjoy sports, or explore the history and culture of the island.
His descendants were major landowners from the middle of the 16th century and played an important role throughout the colonial history of Jamaica, holding positions of great influence in the judiciary and administrative bodies.
The Park includes an eclectic collection of objects from the history of Jamaica: old railway memorabilia, artifacts from sugar cane processing plants, and a banana-tallying machine can all be found here.
The small museum at the site traces the history of the island from the time of the Arawak.
This area has fallen into decay, but there are still vestiges of its fine history to be seen.
Morant Bay is the major settlement in southeast Jamaica; it played a major part in one of the turning points in the history of the island.
It has the largest collection of books, articles, and papers on the history of the West Indies in the world and is an important archive for students and academics.
Many branch sections of the institute are located across the city, including the Natural History Museum (on Tower Street), the oldest museum on the island, with a collection of over 125,000 types of preserved plant species.
The large cannons on the battlements now guard Fort Charles Maritime Museum, which documents the maritime history of Jamaica.
One wing houses the Jamaica Archives and Records Office, which preserves original documents from throughout the island’s history.
Much of the bamboo was allowed to decay or was torn up later in Jamaica’s history, but Bamboo Avenue, the one remaining section, can be found on the main A2 road between Mandeville and Black River.
Las Vegas has a rich boxing history, having hosted enough championship matches to qualify as a capital of the sport.
UNLV’s basketball team has a storied history, winning the NCAA title in 1990.
The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County and its branch in Burbank are great for the whole family.
Across Fellows’ Square in the modern Arts Building is a wide-screen audio-visual show about the history of Dublin, the Dublin Experience, a good introduction for those unfamiliar with Irish culture or Dublin’s history.
Across Fellows’ Square in the modern Arts Building is a wide-screen audio-visual show about the history of Dublin, the Dublin Experience, a good introduction for those unfamiliar with Irish culture or Dublin’s history.
The building now houses the Heraldic Museum and Genealogical Office, with exhibits on the history of heraldry.
The cathedral has had a varied and interesting history, and enjoys a lively, friendly rivalry with Christ Church, only a few hundred yards away (St.
Much of the rich history and surviving architecture of Dublin comes from the Georgian period.
Also in Merrion Street, next to the front garden of Leinster House, is the Victorian collection of the Natural History Museum (see page 64).
The oldest building in the park is Ashtown Castle, a former papal residence which has been renovated to house the splendid Phoenix Park Visitor Centre (open 9:30am– 6:30pm; adults IR£2, children IR£1; concessions; disabled access), which presents a video and an excellent two-floor exhibition on the history and wildlife of the park.
Upstairs is an exhibit on the history of banking and the short-lived Irish Parliament.
This museum explores the relationship of Irish music to Irish history.
This small museum offers a sidelong glance at the history of Dublin, with an emphasis on the hidden life of the city and the lesser known people who shaped the life of Dublin.
Silver, ceramics, furniture, and folk life artifacts trace Ireland’s social and political history.
Tours of the brewery itself are not offered, but the Guinness Visitor Centre, in a four-story converted 19th-century building, presents a wonderful history of the world of Guinness.
Discover the fascinating craft of whiskey making and relive the history of The Old Jameson Distillery in Smithfield, the heart of Old Dublin, with this award-winning attraction.
An extremely interesting and well-mounted exhibition traces the history of the prison (including a section on Victorian theories about prisons and the treatment of prisoners) and the political and social events that brought many of the prisoners here.
There’s also an exhibit focusing on the history of Irish independence.
Natural History Museum
The visitor center, designed so that it fits into the landscape, provides a 20-minute audio-visual presentation of the history of Irish monasticism, an exhibition on the geology and wildlife of the area, and conducts guided tours — but you can also (preferably) wander about on your own.
The house now incorporates the restored ballrooom, a restaurant overlooking the gardens, an exhibition on the history of the estate, a crafts shop, and a garden center.
There is also a museum illustrating the history of the horse in Ireland (including the skeleton of the legendary racehorse Arkle).
The Valley of the Boyne has played an important part in the nation’s history (see page 14).
Audio tapes in each room narrate the house’s history.
Tara is a magic name in Irish history.
The Victorians reworked the history and legends of Scotland to add romantic, neo-Gothic touches.
The hall was used as a barracks through much of its later history before being renovated in 1887.
St. Giles was a cathedral for only five years of its long history.
Yet it’s not only the building itself that is fascinating; it is also its place in Scottish history.
Today the Tolbooth houses The People’s Story, a museum charting the history of the ordinary folk of the city from the 18th century to the present day.
Facing the Tolbooth is Huntly House Museum, the local history museum for the city, presenting exhibits dating from prehistoric times to the present.
This interactive journey through the history of the earth takes you back to the moment of the “Big Bang. ”
It charts the history of Scotland, bringing under one roof a number of important collections of artifacts.
It continues through the turbulent eras of Scottish history for both church and state, and on to the industrial developments of modern times.
Fascinating details such as Bonnie Prince Charlie’s traveling canteen of cutlery, along with his sword and targe (a small bag), bring history to life.
Today the old building hosts the Edinburgh Experience, a 20-minute, 3-D slide show charting the history of the city and bringing to life the Edinburgh of today (April–October only).
Edinburgh has throughout most of its history been a very compact city.
The ground floor rooms follow the chronological history of ancient Egypt starting on the left of the entrance with the Old Kingdom Room.
Room three is devoted to the so-called heretic period of Egyptian history when Ahkenaten established a religion based on only one god and founded a capital at Tell al Amarna in central Egypt.
Among this amazing range of exquisite and colorful finds, there are also important artifacts that help confirm certain archaeological theories about the chronology of Egyptian history such as the slate palate of King Narmer — one of the first documents scribed after Egypt became a unified Kingdom.
Aswan, Egypt’s southernmost town, has played an important role throughout its long history.
This remote easternmost part of Egypt is still sparsely populated, and in its recent history it has been a political pawn between Egypt and Israel.
It’s an excellent focal point, giving new visitors an easy reference to establish their location; it’s a spectacular vantage point for many of the city’s great landmarks; and its bridges and quays offer history, entertainment, shopping… and exercise.
Despite its name, the square has had a tumultuous history — home to a busy guillotine in the Rev­o­lu­tion and the site of the Germans’ last foot­hold in Paris in 1944 — and han­dles some aggressive traffic today.
This arcaded palace, with its garden of lime trees and beeches and a pond where the young Louis XIV nearly drowned, has a colorful history.
The grounds of the cemeteries of Paris are beautifully kept, and the avenues of tombs provide a fascinating walk through history.
The rich permanent collection includes tapestries, furniture, and porcelain, but look out for the fascinating temporary exhibitions that are held here, featuring great styles and eras of design history such as Jugendstil, Bauhaus, and the American 1950s.
Visitors suffering from a surfeit of culture will find a change of pace in the Musée du Téléphone (11 Rue Maurice Barrès), which presents the history of the telephone service, and the zoo in the Parc de la Pépinière.
A sound-and-light (son et lumière) show is held at the cathedral in summer, both in German and in French, recounting 2,000 years of the city’s history.
A little Musée du Vin (Rue d’Enfer) tells the history of wine-making, with all its paraphernalia, from Roman times to the present day.
The sea has always played an important role in the history of this corner of France, from Scandinavians arriving in longships to Celts fleeing from Anglo-Saxons and Normans sailing to conquer England.
Children will enjoy the Cité de la Mer (37 Rue de l’Asile Thomas), with exhibits on the history of boatbuilding, the fishing industry, and how tides and currents shape the coastline.
The coast road takes you west to Pointe du Grouin, a cliff 40 m (130 ft) high, with a spectacular view of the Chausey Islands to the north and to Saint-Malo, a town steeped in seafaring history; its sailors left their name as far afield as the Malouines, claimed by the British as the Falkland Islands.
In the Musée d’Histoire de la Ville, in the castle keep, the town’s naval history is told through the lives of its great navigators and pirates, together with all the colorful paraphernalia of sailing.
For a fuller sense of what it was like when mountain-climbing and skiing were in their infancy, spend an hour or so in the Musée Alpin, tracing the history of the region, its heroes, and their exploits, in photos and displays of equipment.
The imposing château — former home of the Counts of Geneva — contains an interesting museum devoted to local archaeology and folklore and the natural history of the Alps.
In the handsome Hôtel de Gadagne (Rue du Boeuf), there is a museum of the history of Lyon and displays of the marionettes of the town’s celebrated Guignol theater.
After a varied history as town hall, residence, stable, and church, it was saved from plans devised by Louis XIV’s minister Colbert to move it stone-by-stone to Versailles.
The Musée Nation­al de la Porcelaine Adrien Dubouché (Place Winston Churchill) traces the history of pottery, china, stoneware, and porcelain, with as many as 12,000 items on display.
In the three stories of this little air-conditioned museum you can see displays of prehistoric Indian artifacts, skeletal bones found locally, and a wealth of items chosen to evoke a feeling for the island’s history over the past three centuries.
History buffs will have to ask along the road north of Saint-Pierre for the unmarked location of the so-called “Caribs’’ Grave,” where Indians pursued by French colonists hurled themselves from a cliff in the 17th century, vowing that Mount Pelée would avenge their deaths.
Nearby, the archaeological museum has a section of the Parian Chronicles, a history of ancient Greece enscribed on marble slabs, along with other examples of Paros marble, which was coveted throughout the ancient world for its fine translucence.
The island has a long history; its marble deposits were coveted around the ancient world.
Next door to the cathedral is the archaeological museum with finds from every era of Naxos’s long history.
The monastery was built at a tumultuous time in Christian history and its design was based on that of a castle, to act as a protection of the faith and its treasures, as well as for worship.
Throughout the two structures there are finds from all eras of Lesvos’s history.
A fertile island of vines, olive groves, and pine forest, that lies just 3 km (2 miles) from the Turkish coast, Samos has taken a back seat in Aegean history since its golden age in the fifth century b.c.
The islands also lie close to the northern Greek mainland and the Balkans region, giving their history different influences than that of their neighbors farther south in the Aegean.
It’s in Hong Kong’s oldest colonial building, with exhibits describing the history of tea from the Warring States period (475–221 b.c. ) to the present.
The old laboratory is still intact, and there are exhibits on Chinese pharmacology and the history of medicine in Hong Kong.
The Middle Kingdom is a recreated “living” history of China’s past, presented through a number of full-size replicas of shrines, temples, pagodas, palaces, and street scenes.
The Museum of History (open Tuesday–Saturday 10am–6pm, Sunday 1–6pm; closed Monday; admission HK$10 adult, HK$5 child) opened its new permanent collection at the end of August 2001.
The fascinating collection of artifacts pertaining showcases 6,000 years of Hong Kong’s history and Chinese culture.
An even more interesting image out of Chinese history is the walled village of Kat Hing Wai, in the village of Kam Tin just outside the market town of Yuen Long.
Macau, the final bastion of Portugal’s great 16th-century empire, is much more than just a quirk of history.
It gives an overview of Macau’s history and its daily life and traditions.
Macau’s oldest museum, the Maritime Museum (Wednesday–Monday 10am–5:30pm; admission HK$10, HK$5 children over 10) traces the history of Macau’s connection to the sea.
Seac Pai Van Park, on the west coast of the island is an interesting natural preserve with aNatural History Museum.
Whether your interests are as serious as ancient history or as energetic as windsurfing, you’ll find new stimulation on la Isla Blanca — the White Island, as this destination is often called because of its white houses.
On one side a news agent offers a wide selection of European publications, while in the middle of this pleasant promenade stands an old-fashioned, rousing monument to one of the island’s few native sons who was successful in making a mark on Spanish history.
Though they each very often destroyed the work of their predecessors, the 20th-century city remains a fascinating compendium of India’s imperial history.
Few monuments have survived Kashmir’s troubled history, but the city’s beauty lies in its numerous tranquil lakes and gardens.
And the fort always looms on the horizon, a constant reminder of the town’s war-torn history.
In Victoria Gardens, don’t miss the stone elephant from Elephanta Island; it belongs to the Victoria and Albert Museum nearby, a reminder of the old history of Imperial Bombay.
As a logical stopover on your way to Varanasi (coming from Delhi or from Calcutta), Lucknow is worth a visit for its special place in the history of India’s determined fight for Independence — a focus of the Mutiny of 1857 (see pages 45–47).
A little museum inside illustrates the history of the siege, with a model of the first Residency as well as rusty cannons and cannonballs, and prints, photos, and letters.
The Victoria Memorial offers a history of the bygone Raj, Anglo-Renaissance in style with a touch of Mughal influence.
Above the sanctuary, priests and neophytes chant from the scriptures of the Adi Grant in a hall, now a museum to history and a record of the tortures suffered by Sikhs.
Beautifully restored and with lush archaeological gardens, its towers and rooms now house an impressive state-of-the-art museum encompassing the history of Jerusalem, and offering a perfect introduction to the Old City.
One of the most memorable sights of the Quarter is the graceful arch of the defunct Hurva Synagogue, most recently destroyed in 1948 and left unrestored in memory of the area’s turbulent history.
It’s too much to do this and the Israel Museum in a day, but students of Middle Eastern history should definitely return.
In the middle of the square there is an underground Visitors’ Centre exhibiting a fascinating history of the town through excavations and lively display panels.
Ancient Caesarea disappeared from history, only to be uncovered in the 1940s.
The city had a fairly nondescript history until this century, when the construction of the Haifa-Damascus railway and the massive new harbour (finished in 1934) transformed it into the vital trading and communications centre it is today.
It’s an interesting account of the violent history of modern Israel, and ends in the Scaffold Room where nine Jews were executed.
This may be less of a prophecy than a reflection on the town’s tumultuous history.
They shed no new light on Jesus, but they are of enormous interest to scholars of the Bible, Jewish history, and the cultural environment of early Christianity.
A short video at the park entrance recounts some of the local history, after which you can explore seven major sites, all well-signposted, in your own car.
There is a selection of English books, including many titles devoted to Turkish history, art, and architecture.
It was the first imperial mosque to be built following the Conquest of Constantinople in 1453, and its külliye (mosque complex), the biggest in the whole of the Ottoman Empire, included a hospital, poorhouses, a mental asylum, visitors’ accommodation, and a number of schools teaching science, mathematics, history, and Koranic studies.
At Galatasaray Square, where Istiklal Caddesi bends to the right, an elegant wrought-iron gateway marks the entrance to the 19th-century Galatasaray Lisesi, the Franco-Turkish lycée (secondary school) that educated many of the great names in modern Turkish history.
Uphill to the south of the park lies the Agora, one of the few remaining traces of Izmir’s ancient history.
The picture-postcard resort of Bodrum occupies the site of ancient Halicarnassus, famed as the city of King Mausolus (whose tomb was one of the Seven Wonders of the World), as well as the birthplace of Herodotus, the “Father of History. ”
A dear old lady returned from her first visit with the observation: “Italy’s very nice, very nice indeed, but for my taste, much too much history. ”
While it would be a crime to ignore the churches, palazzos, and museums chronicling the unparalleled glories of Italy’s history, the best way to enjoy them is also to spend plenty of time soaking it in from a front-row seat in a café, or from under a canvas beach umbrella watching seaside life unfold.
The hefty neo-Babylonian synagogue (inaugurated in 1904), with a small museum of Jewish history next door, is by the river bank.
4 sq mile), approach it by foot as history’s countless pilgrims have.
This said, Florence remains one of the world’s great tourist meccas and boasts a panoply of architecture, history, and artwork in quantities not to be found elsewhere in the world.
On the second floor, the Sala dei Gigli (Hall of the Lilies) is brilliantly decorated in blues and golds with Florentine heraldry and vivid Ghirlandaio frescoes of Roman and early Christian history.
Throughout Italy’s history, its northeast regions have linked the country to the exotic outside world of Byzantium and the Orient through Venice and its Repubblica Serena, and to the Alpine countries north of the Dolomites, while the plains of Emilia-Romagna from Ravenna to Parma provided an anchor to the heartland of the Po valley.
The 700-year-old Fondaco dei Turchi was a warehouse for the merchants of Constantinople, now the Natural History Museum.
Gloriously open to sky and sea, Piazza San Marco — to locals, just “the Piazza”—embodies the whole Venetian motherlode of history and adventure.
He closed off the Piazza’s west end with an Ala Napoleonica (Napoleonic Wing), through which you now enter the Museo Correr, devoted to paintings and documents of Venetian history.
Among the corners of town far from the crowd, the old Jewish Ghetto (northeast of the railway station) is particularly peaceful and reveals a fascinating page of Venetian history.
The island of Burano is a simple fishing village, true haven of tranquility, though the olden days of ladies making lace on the doorsteps of their brightly colored houses, artists on the quay and no hustlers is all but history.
This is the home town of Andrea Palladio (1508–1580), the most important architect of the High Renaissance, a must-see destination for architecture lovers or those interested in history and design.
The memory of its fierce medieval history lingers still, the tales of family feuds that inspired Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet ended only with the 14th-century ascendancy of the tough Scalageri dynasty, in turn conquered by Venice in 1405.
Among the rooms devoted to the history of science and technology, one gallery is reserved for Leonardo’s inventions, displayed as models constructed from his notebooks.
Founded by the ancient Romans, the city has a proud soldiering history, giving the Venetian Republic a famous condottiere, Bartolomeo Colleoni, and the largest contingent in Garibaldi’s 1,000 Red Shirts.
From the fall of the Roman Empire to the 19th century, it stood outside the mainstream of Italian history.
This is Italy’s oldest ski resort and an Alpine Museum traces its history in the Casa delle Guide (Maison des Guides).
The Ligurian coast that holidaymakers have dubbed the Italian Riviera has an ancient history of piracy and commerce, not always easily distinguishable.
The monastery’s museum traces the kingdom of Naples’ long history in costumes, sculpture, paintings, and prints.
Syracuse’s history merits the world-class Museo Archeologico Paolo Orsi (Viale Teocrito).
(Saigo is a problematic hero in Japanese history: in 1871 he was killed in an unsuccessful rebellion against the very government he helped to found. )
Not otherwise rich in tourist attractions, Shinagawa has one gem that should not be missed: Sengakuji — a temple that evokes what is surely the most popular story in all of premodern Japanese history.
But monuments at Kamakura and Nikko still bear testimony to the region’s history.
In many ways Yoritomo was a less-than-admirable figure in Japanese history, but you still might want to stop at this little moss-covered stone pagoda to pay your respects.
Kamakura history was not shaped by the Minamoto clan alone.
While Tokyo usually provides the first glimpse of modern Japan’s many strange contrasts, it is to Kyoto and Nara that visitors with even a passing interest in Japanese history and culture come to peel back the layers of centuries.
In the vicinity are two absorbing museums reflecting Kyoto’s extensive history as a magnet for Japan’s finest craftsmen.
It is richly endowed with artistic treasures and some of Japan’s most superb Zen gardens, reflecting its history as a renowned center of calligraphy, gardening, tea ceremony, and other refined arts.
Nijo Castle is a poignant monument to the ironic twists of history.
Just north of Kyoto is Fukui, a prefecture long renowned for its unique combination of history and superb natural scenery.
For anyone interested in Japanese history, art, and culture, no visit to Japan could possibly be complete without a glimpse of Nara, however frustratingly brief.
Although its museum has a large exhibition of the history of Japanese and foreign money, it is best known for its long avenue of magnificent late-blooming cherry trees, the city’s finest.
Easily accessible from the Asian mainland via Korea, Kyushu has a longer history of significant contacts with foreigners than any other part of Japan.
Kagoshima dominates the head of a deep indentation at the southern tip of Kyushu, and its harbor has played a prominent role in Japanese military history.
Nearby, the history of the Kagoshima region is nicely summed up in the ultramodern Reimeikan Prefectural Museum, which includes local arts and crafts as well as examples of those first Portuguese matchlock rifles.
To a large extent, this reflects its unbroken experience of more than four centuries of hospitality to foreigners — Chinese, Portuguese, and Dutch — during a period in Japanese history when the country was characterized by often murderous xenophobia.
Near the centrally located Japan Railways station is the first sign of the Portuguese role in the city’s fascinating history.
The superb Ainu Museum, established with the help of European and American anthropologists, features a vivid exhibition of Ainu history.
The city walls, like much of the Old City, are composed of stones from many parts of the city’s long history.
Inside the Tower of David, the Museum of the History of Jerusalem has displays outlining the history of the city (see page 81).
Inside the Tower of David, the Museum of the History of Jerusalem has displays outlining the history of the city (see page 81).
The site is a microcosm of Jerusalem’s history: the lowest level of the pool dates from Hasmonean times, the Romans subsequently built a pagan shrine here, the Byzantines built a large church to commemorate Jesus’s miracle, and the Crusaders constructed a chapel — all swept away over the centuries.
The form it has today dates mostly from Crusader times, but successive changes were drawn more by the tides of history than by a single architect, and bickering among clergy of various sects over rights within the church often added to the confusion.
During construction of the church, workers found artifacts, tombs, and ruins from Jerusalem’s history, some dating from late Bronze Age times (about 1600 b.c. ).
A later tunnel, built by King Hezekiah in 701 b.c. , from inside the city walls to to the hidden Gihon Spring in the valley outside the walls allowed Jerusalem to survive the onslaught of Assyrian armies that had already destroyed the northern Kingdom of Israel and swept its ten tribes from the annals of history.
On your return to the center of East Jerusalem from Mount Scopus, you will pass the British War Cemetery, a resting place for soldiers who fell fighting for Jerusalem in 1917 and another reminder of the city’s turbulent history.
Even farther west are several impressive monuments to people and events in Israel’s history.
Situated in the middle of the Cartmel peninsula south of Lake Windermere, the village of Cartmel has been at the heart of some important events in English history.
Wander around the church (13th–15th century) to find some interesting artifacts of local history.
The Kendal Museum of Archaeology and Natural History, near the Railway Station, displays Neolithic and Roman finds from sites throughout the Lakes area, geological specimens, and a curious collection of stuffed animals from the region and throughout the world.
The remains of mining and quarrying sites on the face of The Old Man of Coniston, the mountain above the town, are a reminder of its history.
Nearby is Muncaster Castle, a structure offering much in the way of English history.
This attraction, an amazing adventure in an ancient kingdom opened during the summer of 1999, and offers a chance to take a journey through the history of Cumbria.
A working town through much of its history, with the wool and mining industries as major employers, Keswick also aroused the interest of writers and artists.
The Cumberland Pencil Factory, a leading producer of pencils in the world, would appear to have little to offer the visitor, but the Pencil Museum provides fascinating insights into the history of pencil production in the area.
This museum documents the history of printing and displays many beautiful and rare manual printing machines dating from the early 1800’s.
The information center, which serves as a base for archaeologists working at the site, has a number of interesting displays about the history of the wall.
But today the area’s golden history has been tarnished by abandonment and an ongoing parade of hustlers and lost souls wandering Hollywood Boulevard.
, where hi-tech interactive exhibits reveal the history of the entertainment arts.You can go on a guided tour of a mock movie studio back lot, put your own Foley sound effects into a short film, walk onto the sets of Cheers and Star Trek, have your picture taken with green-screen technology backgrounds, and see relics of early movie and TV technology.
Its history as a public commons dates back to 1781.
The Natural History Museum (900 Exposition Boulevard) is popular for its dinosaur skeletons and other prehistoric fossils.
Among the highlights of some three dozen galleries are dioramas of animals in their natural habitats, an impressive mounted megamouth shark, a collection of pre-Columbian artifacts, major exhibits on American history, and the Hall of Birds,with an animated rainforest.
Rotating exhibitions on the African- American experience in the United States are offered at the California African-American Museum (600 State Drive), which has become a showcase for black history and culture.
Among the highlights are the Desert Garden, with a vast maze of mature cacti; the Japanese garden, with its ponds, fish, and drum bridge; and the much-praised Rose Garden, showing the history of the rose over 2,000 years.
Its history as an off-beat artists’ colony during the 1950s and 1960s earned it the nickname “SoHo by the Sea,” but today it is surrounded by wealthy homes perched along the hillsides and canyons.
Set among formal gardens on a bluff overlooking the Manzanares valley, on the site of the old Moorish fortress (which burned down in 1734), the immense and imperious residence is loaded with art and history.
It was to have serv­ed as a museum of natural history, but after some eventful delays (Napoleon’s invasion badly damaged the building), its mission was diverted to art, and the royal museum of painting was inaugurated in 1819.
On still another level, The Executions of the 3rd of May, one of history’s most powerful protest pictures, depicts the shooting of Spanish patriots in 1808 by the French.
A survey of the history of Spain — its tradition, grandeur, art, architecture and mix of cultures — is crammed into this small city on a Castilian hilltop.
Exactly below the high altar, at the bottom of a flight of marble stairs, the Panteón Real (Royal Pantheon) is a subterranean churchyard of history.
Official­ly, it is termed the “largest basilica ever built in the history of mankind. ”
The main square of Segovia, the Plaza Mayor, combines history with real-life bustle.
Melancholy history surrounds the Monasterio de San Tomás (to the southeast, down the hill), the construction of which was sponsored by Ferdinand and Isabella.
Happily, many destinations in Malaysia offer a key activity travelers will be searching for, such as exploring Malaysia’s culture and history or engaging in a sport like fishing, but often there is an added bonus: a nearby jungle for trekking or a beachside resort — and this is true throughout the country.
Step back into Malaysia’s history in the port towns of Melaka or Kota Kinabalu, where colonial rivals once battled for supremacy, and where princes and sultans dealt in palace intrigue.
Two glass mosaic murals flanking the entrance depict themes of Malaysia’s culture and history.
There are five main galleries dedicated to such subjects as history, national sports, and na tural history.
There are five main galleries dedicated to such subjects as history, national sports, and na tural history.
Other museums include the National History Museum on Jalan Raja south of the Dataran Merdeka, with exhibits on the country’s history dating back 520 million years (metamorphic sandstone) as well as a 40,000-year-old homo sapiens skull.
Other museums include the National History Museum on Jalan Raja south of the Dataran Merdeka, with exhibits on the country’s history dating back 520 million years (metamorphic sandstone) as well as a 40,000-year-old homo sapiens skull.
Set on a hill at the northern end of the park across a main road, the Tugu Negara (National Monument) commemorates Malaysia’s recent dark history through the years of the “Emergency” from 1948 to 1960.
Other insights into history are to be found at the Darul Ridzuan Museum, housed in the former home of wealthy tin miner Foo Choong Yit.
Nowadays, the rich tapestry of history lies in the monuments and homes as well as the descendants of the Malay and Indian, the Chinese, Portuguese, Dutch, and British colonizers.
Melaka (Malacca), easily reached by air or express bus from KL, was Malaysia’s first city, built on the trading empires of spices and textiles and a history soaked in the blood of battles as rival colonial powers challenged each other to take hold of the port.
Since 1980 the building has housed the Museum of Ethnography and History, tracing the town’s colonial and Malay past.
Opposite on Padang Pahlawan (Bandar Hill) a sound-and-light show is held in the evenings, following the tradition of turning history into entertainment to draw the crowds.
Exhibits include models of ships that have called at the port over its long and glorious history.
The living history of Melaka is to be found among the Baba Nyonya community, the descendants of the original Chinese pioneers and entrepreneurs who married local Malay women in the old Straits Settlements — Melaka, Penang, and Singapore.
The narrow streets of Melaka’s Chinatown, just next to the river, hold an abundance of history, especially of last century, when the entrepreneurs from this community helped lift the local economy.
) Its narrow streets and busy thoroughfares add to the adventure, with its Chinese history reflected in the shophouses and older hotels.
You can virtually step back into the island’s history amid colonial buildings, Chinese temples, and shophouses.
And there are many other graves, their tombstones revealing the hardships of the town’s history.
The Kedah State capital, Alor Setar, is the last stop before the Thai border, and its history is a sad catalogue of invasion and subjugation, mostly by the Thais.
The absence of a detailed, legitimate history of the island has led some to cultivate its mythology.
The history of the “White Rajah” — the lineage that commenced with adventurer James Brooke in the 1830s and lasted until the start of World War II — still lies intact in Kuching, Sawawak’s capital.
East of the Courthouse, the Tua Pek Ko ng Temple and the Chinese History Museum are near the group of grand, five-star hotels that line the river.
The nearby museum traces the long history of the Chinese, who lived in Borneo well before the arrival of the James Brooke, in Sarawak.
A skull house in the museum, there as a form of protection, offers a grisly reminder of another side of Borneo’s history.
The former was built in 1891 and styled along the lines of a Normandy townhouse; it is devoted to Sawarak’s rich history and many cultures.
A photographic history of Kuching is also rewarding.
A series of three-dimensional dioramas present the history of Singapore from its earliest days as an ancient aboriginal settlement to its days as a British trading port under Japanese occupation and the post-war campaign for independence.
The museum, the best on Menorca, excels in its prehistoric and classical artifacts, which depict the fascinating history of the island.
A Brief History
To this end it succeeded with relatively few blood-soaked episodes in its colonial history.
Largo 1° de Dezembro is a 19th-century addition, a park with 10 splendid blue-and-white azulejo benches, each illustrating a pivotal event in the history of Portugal.
The figures behind represent noted explorers, map-makers, and astronomers whom Prince Henry mobilized in order to launch Portuguese ships into the history books.
a brief History
It gave the local populace a healthy income and began two important elements in the city’s history, the predominance of the merchant classes and the use of barges for inland trade.
Dam Square was landlocked for the first time in its history.
The more than 50 museums — featuring everything from the worlds most prominent artists, to the history of hemp — quench the thirst for even the most ardent culture buff, and with 6,000 buildings from the 16th, 17th, and 18th centuries, the reflections of its illustrious history happily ripple on into the 21st century.
The more than 50 museums — featuring everything from the worlds most prominent artists, to the history of hemp — quench the thirst for even the most ardent culture buff, and with 6,000 buildings from the 16th, 17th, and 18th centuries, the reflections of its illustrious history happily ripple on into the 21st century.
It is a city of history, which shouts from every gable and street corner; a city of culture — of museums, and musicians, and artists; a city of learning with a large university; a city of trade with banking at its core; a multi-ethnic city of over 100 different nationalities; a city of “live and let live” as minority groups are able to flourish and innovative ideas to develop; and of course, a city of tourism, with over 32 million visitors per year.
It is a fascinating glimpse of a very difficult time in Amsterdam’s history, but it’s not just a museum piece — the church is still used for weddings.
The numerous turrets and rounded tower give it the look of a fairytale castle but it has had a more colorful history.
He had a love of art and was a founding member of the Royal Antiquarian Society — a society whose aim was to promote national art and history.
Head across the square to Weesperstraat to find the Joods Historisch Museum (Jewish Historical Museum) which documents the history of the once large and influential Jewish community in the city.
Jewish history dates back to the late 16th century, but was cut short by the Nazi occupation of Amsterdam in 1940.
The exhibitions reveal the history of the Amsterdam Jews but also explain the philosophies of Judaism, and examine Jewish identity in a broader sense.
The Botanical Gardens have a long and illustrious history.
Today its extensive exhibits document the long and illustrious history of maritime achievement by the Dutch, with paintings, maps, and maritime models explaining the part that ships — and particularly the VOC — played in the growth of the empire in the 17th century.
The church has suffered several catastrophic fires during its history and was stripped of all its treasures during the Alteration.
It leads the visitor through the history of flight, from the Montgolfier Brothers and their balloons to the space race.
Perhaps the most important part of the museum relates the history of KLM the national airline of the Netherlands, which is one of the oldest airline companies in the world.
A Brief History
The actual history of the city-state of Athens is just as fascinating as its mythology.
Countless urns and jars were decorated with drawings of his heroic exploits, but in fact he belongs to myth rather than to history.
Cleisthenes, recognized by history as the true founder of Athenian democracy, took over in 508 b.c.
At the end of the fifth century b.c., Greece entered the period of the Persian Wars, as recorded in Herodotus’ great narrative history of the ancient world (see page 33).
The first literary salon in history was presided over by Aspasia, Pericles’ mistress, a remarkable woman of intelligence and spirit.
The events that have shaped modern Greek history have been as interesting and chaotic as any in the Classical age.
The history of Athens reflects the ingenuity and vigor of the Greek spirit that will, no doubt, meet whatever challenges the modern world has in store for it.
Through their regard for learning, history and science were first codified and organized.
Sound and Light Show: The history of the Acropolis is brought to life through dancing lights and an informative narration, and the surrounding darkness really allows you to study the beauty of the Parthenon.
Ancient remains are scattered across the central downtown area and Athens has grown almost organically throughout its history, resulting in numerous districts, each with its own particular character.
The premiers of several major pieces by Sophocles, Euripides, and Aristophanes were performed here, and the Athens assembly also met here late in its history.
With views across the city below it is a popular spot for photographs, however it also has a long and illustrious history.
The Kanellópoulos Museum, which opened in 1976, has a family collection of artifacts from many eras of Athens’ history.
Major figures from Greek history, including Pericles, were buried here and their funerary artifacts are some of the most exquisite items found during excavations around the city.
Finds cover 7,000 years of Greek history, and have been brought from sites all across Greece.
Rooms 40 and 41 display artifacts from Egypt covering every era of history in the land of the Pharaohs, including the Ptolemaic period when Ptolemy (a general under Alexander the Great, and therefore of Greek descent) took control of Egypt.
Temple of Aphaia for some more history.
The history of Ancient Greece is littered with the feats of city-states led by great leaders, of which Athens is of course the most famed.
At the summit, within three layers of protective wall, are the remains of a Temple of Aphrodite, an early Christian Basilica, Byzantine cisterns, a Frankish Tower, and Ottoman mosques and fountains — this is Greek history in a nutshell!
He was successful in doing both, and transformed the world of archaeology — and man’s view of history.
A Brief History
The humiliating Spanish surrender is proudly recalled in Bahamian history, even though it was all unnecessary: the peace treaty had been signed the previous week.
Prohibition brought gloom to millions of Americans, but for the Bahamas it brought the biggest bonanza in history.
English “pomp,” stout forts, and colonial houses attract history buffs.
Every island has its own individual character, forged by a unique history and development, in fact the Bahamas could be said to be several different holiday experiences in one country, so it’s important to choose your island carefully to get the kind of holiday you want.
The huge vessels, hundreds of feet high, dwarf the towns buildings, which regulations set at a maximum of three stories, and create one of the most effective juxtapositions of modernity and history found anywhere in the world.
The Bahamian people appreciate and enjoy the many touches of colonial history retained from its days as part of the British Empire.
Its recent history is fascinating: In the 1930s it was owned by Swedish millionaire Axel Wenner-Gren, an arms manufacturer who was found to be a Nazi sympathizer.
Northwest of New Providence, Grand Bahama Island was largely ignored through colonial history and was for a long time a comparative backwater.
Modern Bahamian history began on this island in 1648 when the Eleutherian Adventurers, led by William Sayle, arrived from Britain and Bermuda and founded their shaky colony.
The Spanish Wells Museum (open Mon–Sat 10am–12pm and 1–3pm) records the island’s history and culture.
She has created a small museum in her home, the only one of its kind in the Exumas, to document and illustrate the history and lifestyle of the island’s people.
This tiny patch of land, 63 sq miles in area, is at the center of a momentous turning point in history, for it was here that Christopher Columbus first made landfall in the New World, on 12 October 1492.
A Brief History
But Bali, with its unique Hindu culture and its international, tourism-oriented outlook, has remained an island of stability throughout this unsettled period of Indonesian history.
The stories are taken from Balinese history and mythology.
This interesting, but rather antiquated museum of ethnography, history, and art was created by the Dutch in 1910.
A Brief History
For a religious experience and a history lesson with your foodstuffs shopping, visit Caelum (c/ de la Palla, 8), which stocks all kinds of products produced by monasteries around the world (Trappist monk beers, honey, candles, cheese, etc.) Downstairs is a cellar/tea room where ancient foundations of 14th-century baths were uncovered and are now on view.
A couple of blocks down on the left, on Plaça del Rei, s/n, is the Museu d’Història de la Ciutat (City History Museum).
Visitors can also see a 28-minute “virtual history” multimedia film about Barcino-Barcelona.
A Brief History
Beijing has frequently been at the center of Chinese history, from the rise and fall of dynasties to the recent triumphs and tragedies at Tiananmen Square.
China’s history of imperial rule is far older than Beijing’s reign as capital, but it was at Beijing that the last of China’s dynasties was destined to fall.
For the first time in Beijing history, the imperial strongholds, from the Forbidden City to the Temple of Heaven, were no longer forbidden to China’s masses.
Tiananmen Square was substantially enlarged, Chang’an Avenue widened, the Great Hall of the People built, the Museum of History and the Museum of the Revolution opened — all in the 1950s.
But China’s capital has not escaped the history that shaped it, be it ancient or modern.
It contains calligraphy carved in the hand of Chairman Mao and is engraved with stirring scenes of a century of Chinese revolutionary history.
To the north is the Museum of the Chinese Revolution (Zhongguo Gemin Lishi Bowuguan), with over 10,000 items that document revolutionary politics, most focusing on events in the early history of the Chinese Communist Party (1919–1949).
The Museum of Chinese History (Zhongguo Lishi Bowuguan), to the south, is of more general interest.
Wangfujing itself has a long history, serving as the exclusive neighborhood of the well-connected and the rich during the Ming and Qing dynasties.
Inside is a small museum devoted to the history of the local hutong neighborhoods.
It is a museum of Beijing history that furnishes a comprehensive overview, with signs in English and Chinese.
The Natural History Museum (Ziran Bowuguan) has China’s best display of dinosaur skeletons.
A Brief History
Berlin has seemed to provide the necessary raw material, a perennially turbulent history to which reunification has not put a stop.
A new, multi-media experience in the Ku’damm Karree (Ku’damm 207–208) dramatically relates 800 years of the city’s history.
By an irony of latterday history, the old railway station was the work of Franz Schwechten, the architect who created the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, that other noble ruin (see page 31).
In the meantime, the collection, which includes art and social history exhibits, can be found in the splendid Kronprinzenpalais, located directly across Unter den Linden.
The imposing Schiller-Denkmal (1868), a monument sculpted in Carrara marble, surrounds the writer with the muses of philosophy, poetry, drama, and history.
The Deutscher Dom now houses a fascinating exhibition, Fragen an die deutsche Geschichte (German History Under Question), which was previously in the Reichstag.
This frank examination of Germany’s social and political history cleverly combines documents, photographs, and radio broadcasts to chronicle the rise of Fascism and the development of democracy.
Daniel Libeskind’s building was drawing huge crowds even before the exhibits of Jewish art and history were installed.
Built between 1861 and 1869, it is now the seat of the city’s governing mayor, and is decorated with an interesting terracotta frieze chronicling the history of Berlin up to the time of the building’s construction.
The church was built in 1230 and now forms part of the Märkisches Museum (see page 79), devoted to the city’s history.
Besides providing a delightful setting for chamber-music recitals, it is also used for exhibitions of 18th- and 19th-century art and Berlin history.
The Galerie der Romantik (Gallery of Romantic Art) and the Museum für Vor- und Frühgeschichte (Museum of Primeval and Early History) are housed in the east and west wings respectively, while the Sammlung Berggruen (a collection of contemporary art) and the Ägyptisches Museum (Egyptian Museum) are in identical guardhouses opposite the palace.
With a history longer than Berlin’s, Spandau, northwest of Berlin, still remains fiercely independent-minded, and was the most reluctant of the townships to be annexed by the metropolis in 1920.
It was the repository for gold coins paid by the French as reparations after the Franco-Prussian War, and returned as part payment for reparations following World War I. The Heimatmuseum (Local History Museum) in the Zitadelle contains an exhibition of Jewish gravestones, found during excavations here, which date back to the 13th century.
Like Spandau in the west, Köpenick has a longer history than Berlin itself, having been a Slav settlement on an island in the Spree in the 9th century.
It has a similarly independent-minded history.
Berlin’s museum of primeval and early history houses an extensive collection of artifacts from the Stone Age to the Bronze Age.
A small museum at the north entrance covers the history and use of plants.
This museum of municipal history, folklore, and culture on Lindenstraße opened in 1998, after extensive renovations, but is now closed again until late 2001.
Even before the exhibits were introduced, people flocked to see the empty, zinc-faced building, its sharp angles representing the jagged course of German Jewish history, in particular the tragedy of the Holocaust.
This fascinating new museum commemorates Berlin’s history as the Hollywood of Germany and, in a remarkable display featuring items from her personal estate, pays tribute to the greatest of all German screen stars, Marlene Dietrich.
An astonishing 60 million exhibits, including the world’s largest dinosaur skeleton, are presented in this 100-year-old museum of natural history.
German art and social history are detailed in this fine collection, which will be housed in the Kronprinzenpalais until late 2001, when it returns to its original home in the magnificent Zeughaus.
Berlin’s oldest church contains an interesting collection which chronicles the history of the Berlin and Cölln townships from the 13th through 17th centuries, including Gothic, Renaissance, and Baroque church sculpture.
A Brief History
Such events as the Opening of Parliament, the Beat Retreat Ceremony, and the “Peppercorn” Ceremony are colorful, exciting, and rich in history.
The sea has played an important role in the history of Bermuda, and there is a range of nautical-themed items to purchase.
Inside, the bank keeps a collection of rare and valuable coins dating back through Bermuda’s history.
On the far side of the bridge that spans the entrance to Harrington Sound is the Bermuda Aquarium, Natural History Museum, and Zoo (bus routes #3, #10, and #11).
The Natural History Museum has a number of dioramas depicting the geological formation of the Bermudian islands and reefs, starting some 100 million years ago.
A large white building houses the Bermuda Biological Station for Research, established in 1903 to perform marine studies in conjunction with Harvard University and the Bermuda Natural History Society.
A series of short information boards brings to life different aspects of this intriguing time in Bermuda’s history.
The fort was begun as early as 1614 but has been upgraded throughout Bermuda’s history.
Inside, history is expressed everywhere.
Back on the corner of Tremont Street, the Omni Parker House hotel (the oldest continually operating hotel in the nation) has been associated with much of the city’s political and social history since it opened in 1854.
Inside, displays and historical artifacts relate Boston’s Revolutionary history.
Across the river, the Charlestown Navy Yard has played a major role in Boston’s history for nearly two hundred years.
The lobby’s 360-degree mural celebrates the proletarian history of the telephone.
A few steps north up Oxford Street or Divinity Avenue, the four Harvard University Museums of Cultural and Natural History are conveniently grouped together under one roof.
A Brief History
Its hopes for the future are full membership of the European Union and two things rare in the history of Hungary: namely, peace and freedom.
If you buy the popular Russian leaders doll, you get a miniature history lesson to boot: hidden inside Yeltsin is Gorbachev, inside Gorbachev is Andropov, and so on.
The main classical music venues are in Pest: the Academy of Music (Liszt Ferenc tér), and the Basilica and the Béla Bartók Memorial House (Csalán út 29); venues in Buda include the Matthias Church and the Museum of Music History.
If you love history you’ll probably head for the Buda side of the river, but if you’re a keen shopper and enjoy lively nightlife, then Pest will certainly oblige.
Entire streets of beautiful old buildings are concentrated here, and almost every other house bears a muemlék (monument) plaque which tells of its history.
House number 7, where Beethoven stayed in 1800, is now the charming Museum of the History of Music.
Here visitors can join a guided tour of the caves and tunnels, which also contain a waxwork exhibition depicting episodes of Hungarian history.
At the northern end, various cannon signal the entrance to the Museum of Military History (Hadtörténeti Múzeum).
Steps lead up through tiny castle gardens to the entrance of the Museum of Budapest History (Budapesti Történeti Múzeum) in wing E of the Royal Palace.
The Museum of Recent History in Wing A stages some interesting “everyday life” exhibitions; visitors can also enjoy views of Buda and Pest.
The medicinal theme continues a little farther north at the Semmelweis Museum of the History of Medicine (Semmelweis Orvostörténeti Múzeum).
It chronicles the story of some of the distinguished Protestants influential in the history of this predominantly Catholic country.
The exhibition downstairs, which deals with the history of the Carpathian Basin from prehistoric times right up to the Conquest of 896, has some good moments, particularly when covering the Roman period (it’s worthwhile buying a copy of the English/German guide book, which costs only a few forints).
The museum also boasts a natural history section, but, compared to the riches of the rest of the collection, this is entirely optional viewing.
Inside the castle is the Museum of Hungarian Agriculture, housing a comprehensive collection that illustrates the history of hunting, fishing, and farming.
The Philatelic Museum (Bélyeg Múzeum) contains every stamp issued by the country from 1871 onwards, and so provides its own miniature pictorial history of the country.
An excellent guide book giving the general history of the villages and buildings, and details about individual interiors, is available for purchase.
Balatonfüred, some 13 km (8 miles) farther west, has a history as a spa stretching back to Roman times.
A Brief History
Take a look at the Old Coin and Gold Exhibit at the Bank of California (400 California Street), with its collection of gold coins and currency, or the Wells Fargo History Room in the Wells Fargo Bank (420 Montgomery Street), which displays Gold Rush memorabilia, including one of the original Wells Fargo stagecoaches.
Across the way you will find the California Academy of Sciences, housing an excellent natural history museum, an aquarium, and a planetarium.
There’s history on display, too, at Mission Santa Barbara (corner of Laguna and Mission streets).
Of special note is the Natural History Museum (900 Exposition Boulevard) with its child-geared Discovery Center, and the California Museum of Science and Industry (700 State Drive), which features technological exhibits.
Its interactive exhibits focus on the history of racism in America, highlighting Beit Hashoah, the Holocaust.
This is where California’s recorded history began when, in 1542, Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo stepped ashore at Point Loma (see page 12).
There are over a half-dozen museums concentrated around El Prado (the Promenade), including the San Diego Museum of Art, the Museum of Man, the Natural History Museum, the Aerospace Historical Center, the Automotive Museum, and the Reuben H. Fleet Space Theater and Science Center.
A Brief HISTORY
I s it history or blarney to suggest that St. Brendan, a sixth-century monk from Galway, was the first European to reach Canada?
With no written culture to document it, the pre-European history of the Inuit and other early peoples is a vague archaeological patchwork of bones, stones, and artifacts.
They are a people with no history and no literature.”
Ontario’s history is preserved in lovingly reconstructed villages and forts marking the passage of French Jesuit missionaries at Sainte-Marie Among the Hurons, a fur-trading post at Thunder Bay, military positions at Fort George (Niagara) and Fort Henry (Kingston), and the pioneer communities at Upper Canada Village (Morrisburg) and Black Creek (Toronto).
The view at the top reveals a whole history of Toronto in the contrast between the glass-and-steel skyscraper canyons of the financial district, the geometric dome and cantilevered structures of the Ontario Place leisure complex, and the old-fashioned gabled houses of the neighborhoods.
Nearby, the Marine Museum of Upper Canada (Exhibition Place, just west of Princes’ Gate) traces the history of shipping on the St. Lawrence River and the Great Lakes, with all the brass and wooden paraphernalia of the old vessels in addition to some beautiful scale models.
The country’s short history is epitomized by a skyline of solid Victorian parliamentary buildings and a bold modern architecture of office blocks and the new National Gallery.
On summer evenings, a sound and light show illuminates the Parliament Buildings to present, alternately in English and French, a 30-minute history of Canada.
The Photographs Collection covers the history of the art from William Henry Fox Talbot through Eugène Atget, Walker Evans, and August Sander to the contemporary work of Diane Arbus and Paul Diamond.
In a similar vein, the National Aviation Museum at Rockcliffe Airport traces the history of aviation through the early flying machines, bi- and triplanes, and the great fighters of two world wars.
Here, 86 km (53 miles) southeast of Ottawa, the two strands of the region’s history come together in the meticulous recreation of a 19th-century pioneering village, perhaps the best of the country’s many historical showpieces.
Next to the stables is an old red-brick fire station transformed into the Montréal History Center (Centre d’histoire de Montréal), presenting an audiovisual documentary history of the city.
Next to the stables is an old red-brick fire station transformed into the Montréal History Center (Centre d’histoire de Montréal), presenting an audiovisual documentary history of the city.
Opposite the McCord Museum of local history (see page 106), McGill University is Montréal’s internationally renowned English-speaking university.
The fun and adventure of the World’s Fair are perpetuated with outdoor concerts, exhibits, and films on ecology, urban life, Canadian history, and the technology of the future.
On the north side of the square, the Musée du Fort, 10 rue Ste-Anne, stages a sound and light show alternately in English and French on the military history of Québec City.
The old powder house serves now as the Musée Militaire, displaying the regiment’s history with its trophies, weapons, and uniforms.
This western side of the peninsula is rich in the poignant history of French Acadia.
The museum traces the dockyards’ 200-year history, displaying naval instruments, weapons, and some superb ship models from sail to steam, including the Aquitania ocean liner.
For a good panoramic view of Halifax and a sense of its important military history, make your way around the grassy slopes leading to the star-shaped Citadel, from which a cannon-shot has boomed across the town each day at noon since the 1850s.
West of the Citadel, on Summer Street, the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History is devoted to the province’s human and natural history.
West of the Citadel, on Summer Street, the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History is devoted to the province’s human and natural history.
On the waterfront, the Fisheries Museum of the Atlantic will give you a vivid sense of the whole history of sailing and fishing along Nova Scotia’s coasts.
A stone church, faintly Norman in style, was erected in the park in 1930 as a memorial to Acadian culture and history.
The officers’ quarters of 1797 have been reconstructed to house a museum of local Indian culture and natural history.
You’ll find exhibits relating to the island’s history in Beaconsfield, a gracious Victorian mansion on Kent Street.
Newfoundland Museum, on Duckworth Street, recounts the human history of the island, displaying the dwellings and artifacts of the Inuit and native peoples, including the now-extinct Beothuk, and the costume, furniture, and implements of the first European fishermen.
Another section of the museum, in the shopping center of the Murray Premises down on Harbour Drive, is devoted to the province’s colorful seafaring history.
The group of dour Newfie fishermen listening in were more impressed by this fellow jumping up and down than by history’s first transatlantic radio message.
The Centennial Museum is devoted to local history and anthropology.
The Maritime Museum traces the history of the Pacific port.
Stop in the provincial capitals of Edmonton, Regina, and Winnipeg for a glimpse of the region’s history and culture.
Today, you’ll find the buffalo, along with other regional wildlife, prehistoric and present-day, in the Museum of Natural History, on Albert Street.
Visit the barracks, crime laboratories, and Centennial Museum, which traces Mountie history from the first clashes with gold-rush panhandlers to wartime reconnaissance and latter-day counter-espionage.
The history of Dawson City is further celebrated by a couple of annual events.
A Brief History
Not surprisingly his crew took this as an ill omen, but as history tells us, once past El Hierro they did not drop off the edge of the world after all.
Many can be traced far back into the islands’ history.
However, those with an interest in the history of these islands will be intrigued by the Pirámides de Güímar <www.fredolsen.es/piramides>.
Gran Canaria is second to none for its combination of perfect beaches and sophisticated nightlife, for its history and hubbub, marvelous natural scenery, sightseeing, and shopping.
History lurks behind every wall and this is a delightful place just to wander around.
A Brief History
The traffic circle at the top of this block (Tulum and Uxmal) has a distinctive sculpture as its centerpiece, featuring carvings depicting the eras of Mexico’s history.
However, Cozumel has a much longer history of human habitation.
And the rest, as they say, is history!
The second-floor rooms tell the story of Cozumel’s history, from ancient Mayan carvings to conquistador helmets and swords.
Tulum was built late in Mayan history, during the 12th century, and was still thriving in the 15th and 16th centuries when other Mayan sites had been abandoned.
The walls acted as a defense later in Mayan history during the War of the Castes (1847), when several rebel Maya brought their families to hide out here.
In the inner courtyard hang many large canvases by artist Fernando Castro Pancheco illustrating important incidents and individuals in Yucatán’s history.
The most impressive of the remaining period buildings is Palacio Canton, which now houses the Museo Regional de Antropología e Historia (Regional Anthropological and History Museum).
Its size — over 70 rooms — has caused archaeologists to postulate that it may have been a military academy, which expanded regularly throughout its history.
A Brief History
The confluence of mythology and history in China took place around 4,000 years ago during what is referred to as the Xia (Hsia) Dynasty.
The most durable dynasty in the long history of China followed the Shang: the Zhou (Chou), which kept power from the 11th to fifth centuries b.c.
Orthodox Communist histories make the advent of this era the dividing line between a “slave society” and a “feudal society.”
As for foreign invaders, they brought new ideas but, as often happened in Chinese history, were assimilated into the more advanced society of the Middle Kingdom.
In the realm of culture, no era of Chinese history has surpassed the Tang (T’ang) Dynasty (618–907), during which poetry and art reached a brilliant apex.
During one of history’s greatest strategic retreats, one of the founders of the Chinese Communist Party, Mao Zedong (Mao Tse-tung), was chosen as party leader.
Beijing in History
Far across the plaza, two courtyard museums in one building cover the history of China.
In the Museum of Chinese History are 9,000 items from prehistoric fossils to breathtaking pottery and bronzes.
The trip telescopes history, from the modern capital through the outskirts where donkey carts and cargo-carrying bicycles share the road, past farms where nothing seems to have changed for centuries, to a harsh mountain range where nearly one million workers walled in an empire.
Although the city’s history goes back thousands of years, Chongqing was never a cultural center, and it isn’t today.
In the domain of darker political history, two former Nationalist prisons outside town are open as monuments to the Revolutionary cause.
Perhaps the most famous of the dozens of cafés is Mr. China Son’s Cultural Exchange Café, run by Uncle Li (Heliyi), the first Bai in history to go abroad.
Three monasteries and a famous dragon screen recall Datong’s once stately history.
Most tourists head for Datong in pursuit of history and art, and they are not disappointed.
Guangzhou in History 
The geological history of Guilin, the key to the wonder of its moody mountains and caves, goes back several hundred million years.
As the provincial capital, Jinan is the site of the Shandong Provincial Museum, where more than 400,000 items illustrate local history and nature.
Stone tablets recording the history of Jews in Kaifeng are stored in the Kaifeng Museum.
Flights into Kunming, the capital of Yunnan Province, land on an unexpectedly long runway that has a dramatic history, commemorated neither by plaques nor monuments.
Nanjing means “Southern Capital,” a name conferred rather late in the city’s history.
Nanjing’s distinguished history as a political and cultural center accounts for its considerable local pride.
Despite its long history, Nanjing is most remembered today for its role in 20th-century events.
As you might deduce from the European architecture of the railway station and many other buildings here, Qingdao has an unusual history.
Shanghai in History
West of the riverside and old Chinese section is a landmark of modern history: the low brick building at 76 Xingyelu, where the Chinese Communist Party was founded in July 1921.
And although it lacks history, Binjiang Road has modern shops, cafés, and performing troupes, making the east bank an up-and-coming rival to the west bank.
The Suzhou Silk Museum exhibits the 5,000 years of silk history in the region, and the Museum of Suzhou Embroidery is a working factory and sales outlet featured on many city tours.
Everyone who was anyone in Chinese history, from Confucius to Chairman Mao, has stood on its summit.
But Wuhan, the capital of Hubei (Hupeh) Province, also has a significant revolutionary history.
Having made history over several thousand years, the city of today is more populous than ever (at 2 million residents) and proud of its leafy new avenues, modern factories, and housing projects.
Just around the corner and up a curving alleyway of vendors, the Great Mosque (Qingzhensi) traces its history to a.d. 742.
This library of inscribed stone slabs, including a complete edition of the Confucian classics (carved in a.d. 837), documents the history of Chinese culture and calligraphy.
The Nestorian Stele records another history altogether, that of Christianity in China from 635 to 781.
The Shaanxi History Museum (Shaanxi Lishibowuguan), south of the city wall, houses a thoroughly modern collection of prehistoric and imperial treasures that is comparable to those in Beijing and Shanghai — and far superior in terms of its Han, Qin, and Tang Dynasty holdings.
History and natural beauty mingle easily at Huaqing Hot Springs (Huaqingchi), a popular side trip for tourists on the way to or from the Qin terra cotta warriors excavations.
The principal tomb belongs to the third Tang emperor, Gaozong, and to his ambitious widow, Wuzetian, who had herself promoted to the rank of empress in a.d. 691 — the only woman to hold such power in all Chinese history.
Because of a history of foreign occupation, the city is an eclectic medley of architectural styles: China seasoned with a dash of Japan, a pinch of old Russia, and a forcible hint of Soviet socialist realism.
Situated down the coast from Shanghai, this port town has a long history of overseas connections.
With a long history of more than 2,000 years, this provincial capital now makes iron, steel, heavy machinery, and fertilizer.
A Brief History
The strategic importance of its location has given rise to a long and turbulent history.
He led one of history’s great military marches from Spain into Italy, crossing the Pyrenees and the Alps on the way.
In fact, its history dates back some 1,600 years, even though most of what can be seen, in the town at least, dates from the time of the Catholic Monarchs and later.
The museum has interesting exhibits on Gibraltar’s history.
However, it is not its history that attracts most visitors these days.
Almuñécar is the first town of any size, and has an ancient history.
Rich in history, Almería was once the most important city in Moorish Spain.
In fact, Cádiz’s amazing amalgam of history is not readily apparent, with only the remains of the old Roman Theater to give much evidence of the city’s age.
That position has given it strategic importance during its 5,000-year old history.
Carmona’s history is also unique because the town was never under feudal rule, and was protected as a satellite of the crown.
A Brief History
Hannibal, the Carthaginian general, led one of history’s greatest military marches the length of the Costa Blanca to France and Italy, crossing the Pyrenees and the Alps, in the hope of surprising an unsuspecting Rome.
But they did not integrate, nor did they learn the lessons of history; in a palace intrigue, one faction invited the Moors into the country as their allies.
But, like the Visigoths, the Moors ignored history.
A Brief History
C rete’s long history is bound with its strategic position at the crossroads between Western Europe, the Middle East, and North Africa.
It’s not surprising, given the importance of ceramics and pottery throughout Crete’s history, that it is still a significant industry.
This museum concentrates on Cretan history from the fall of the Roman Empire to the present day.
It brings together finds from sites all across the island and from every era of Crete’s long ancient history, shedding light on the everyday activities of its people.
He obtained objects from every era of Crete’s history from Neolithic figurines to jewelry from the Venetian and Turkish eras.
On the road to Knossós, look for the Natural History Museum of Crete — an often overlooked attraction but worthwhile for those who enjoy geology, flora, and fauna.
This history was made within the lifetime of many visitors.
Its walls put one in mind of a fortress rather than a religious refuge — though even these were not enough to protect it against its enemies and it was sacked several times in its early history.
The popes were members of the Borja family, better known to history as Italy’s notorious Borgias.
Also with a visit is the Museo de Arqueologica, on the Calle Gran Via Alfonso, which traces the history of the region from Roman times.
A Brief History
Castro was imprisoned and put on trial; his legendary two-hour defense speech, later published as History Will Absolve Me, became a revolutionary manifesto.
Its vast bronze doors pictorially chart the island’s history, and the immense main gallery inside has a diamond in the floor beneath the dome, symbolizing that now-distant era when Cuba was rich.
The early history of Nepal is a mixture of fact and myth; religious lore is associated with virtually every landmark and event.
Actually, so intertwined are legend and history that it is often impossible to determine where fact leaves off and legend begins.
Modern Nepalese history really begins with the arrival of a dynamic leader bent on unifying the country.
Through the gateway lies the Patan Museum, which houses an impressive collection of art and artifacts from throughout Nepal’s history.
Elephant rides, jeep tours, and canoe trips can all be arranged at the park entrance, where an interesting interpretive center provides a history of the area and information about its ecology.
A Brief History
As the third millennium begins, Louisiana is again suffering the problem that has plagued it throughout its history.
Over its long history, the cathedral has witnessed many momentous occasions.
A good display on the history of the Panthéon is the best part of the visit.
The Café de Flore round the corner has hung on to its intellectual tradition more than the others, perhaps because of its rather ideologically confused history.
East of the station, the cemetery (see page 50), entrance on boulevard Edgar Quinet, is the resting-place of some famous and controversial figures in French history.
A privileged few get to see the great Délacroix paintings in the library, illustrating the history of civilization.
A BRIEF HISTORY OF POLAND
Poland’s war-torn and almost incomprehensibly fractured history plays out like an epic novel — occasionally triumphant, frequently sad and tragic.
The Swedes invaded Poland in 1648, an event labeled the “Swedish Deluge” in Polish history books.
The next pivotal episode in Polish history coincided with the end of World War I and the defeat of the Russians, Germans, and Austrians.
A Brief History
T he early history of Portugal is closely related to that of the entire Iberian peninsula.
The middle of the 18th century marks a great divide between early history and modern times in Portugal.
The figures just behind Prince Henry represent noted explorers, map-makers, and astronomers whom he mobilized in order to launch Portuguese ships into the history books.
It’s a safe bet that Óbidos has never looked so neat and clean in all its history, so it’s inevitably jammed with curious visitors at times.
Despite its history and economic importance, Porto is industrious and less self-conscious than Lisbon.
Completed in 1916, its lobby is decorated with wonderful azulejo (tile) panels depicting important scenes from the city’s history, making it a legitimate tourist attraction.
Bragança is a remote outpost, but one with a grand history.
Mértola bursts with history: Its church, the Igreja Matriz, betrays a previous incarnation as a mosque with a prayer niche (mihrab), while the town hall (now a museum) is constructed on Roman foundations.
In the center of town, Largo 1° de Dezembro is a 19th-century park with 10 splendid blue-and-white azulejo benches, each illustrating a pivotal event in the history of Portugal.
A Brief history
A less innocent error was an American attempt to erase four centuries of Spanish history.
Politically, recent history is less conclusive.
There’s nothing more fun after a day of culture and history than to indulge in a little shopping, and one of the great things about old San Juan is that the shops and the history intertwine.
There’s nothing more fun after a day of culture and history than to indulge in a little shopping, and one of the great things about old San Juan is that the shops and the history intertwine.
After a walk of about half a mile you’ll find the plain façade of the Museo de Arte e Historia (San Juan Museum of Art and History) on your left.
The old barracks and ammunition arsenal now house a museum, which offers an audio-visual presentation about the history of the fort (in English and Spanish on alternate half hours).
The hotel has an interesting history because, as the name suggests, it started life as a convent, in 1651.
For those more interested in history than in the production of rum, there is a fascinating museum that relates the story of the Bacardi family (who still own the business), from their arrival in Cuba from Spain, to their flight to Puerto Rico after the Cuban revolution in 1959, to their influence on the global drinks market.
This facility presents important information about the history of the park, its plant and animal species, and its role in the local ecology.
Puerto Rico’s second city, Ponce is as much steeped in history as Old San Juan.
Along with this physical transformation came a cultural change: Ponce has become a focus for social events that celebrate Puerto Rican history and tradition; several major festivals are held here throughout the year.
On Calle Isabel, east of the square, you’ll find the Ponce History Museum.
The exhibits document the history of the town since its founding.
A small museum explains the known history of the Amerindian races; it has a number of cabinets holding artifacts, as well as a skeleton, still in the traditional fetal burial position.
Today they are back to their beautiful best, and the house has been restored to combine history with modern amenities.
A Brief History
Throughout the centuries-old history of Mexico’s Pacific Coast, this region has been both a refuge and an important point for conducting trade.
The region’s history has some marked differences from the history of Mexico as a country.
The region’s history has some marked differences from the history of Mexico as a country.
Its history, however, runs much deeper than that event.
Yet its history extends far beyond its present-day appeal — artifacts found here date back to 2500 b.c.
They regularly host samplings, serve up the best margaritas on the coast, and provide free informational pamphlets (in English and Spanish) on the history, types, and lore of tequila.
The Museo Arqueológico de la Costa Grande, located near the eastern end of Paseo del Pescador, traces the history of this area from pre-Hispanic times, when the place was known as Zihuatlán, through the colonial era.
Acapulco’s most notable museum, Museo Histórico de Acapulco, is now located in this structure, chronicling Acapulco’s exotic history as a trading port.
Dr Martin Rees, of Cambridge and the Astronomer Royal, says contemplating alternate universes could help scientists distinguish which features of our own universe are fundamental and necessary and which are accidents of cosmic history.
. . not because it is the seat of our personality but because it is the point of entry of the personal into history.
Its first written history is found in the Hebrew Bible; for the land about it was Mount Seir of old (now Esh Sera), home of the Horites, cave dwellers whose progenitor was Hori, the grandson of Seir (Gen.
In any case, most of Western history explains things on the basis of continuities, individual or social, and the interruptions to continuity.
The recent history of gay sex, through sexual experimentation to the search for transcendence and blowing our minds to AIDS to post-AIDS ennui and depression is, I think, evidence of our biological and social limitations.
Rendez-vousing with undisclosed colleagues at the Musee Fabre, they are spirited into the Jardin des Plantes, where they spend three weeks installed in an exhibit of tableaux vivants representing stages of regional history, changing costumes every day (homme de tautavel (sic), greques/romaines, alamanii, saracens, huguenots, etc.
He knew by now the question had to be answered with a yes; after all, he did choose within the limitations of history and genetics.
History does tell us that Brahms professed his love for Clara though they never married.
It's because of the history of colonialism.
Malaysia has a complex history of conflict where the Malaysian Chinese have suffered the xenophobic odium of native Malays and the Malays have resisted the acumen and the power of the Chinese in the economic and cultural spheres, particularly under the racist colonial policies of Great Britain, policies that still rankle although more than 70% of Malaysians can claim mixed European and Asian heritage.
"And," added my addled friend, "I have a whole idea about the history of queer culture.
8 Timothy Leary, Flashbacks: A personal and Cultural History of an Era New York: G.P.
History has never given such a guarantee, and it is quite unable to give it in any revolution.
Readers will be aware of Peabody's seminal role in the promulgation of the postmodern theory of history, wherein the past and present cultures of all times and places are ransacked for information and entertainment.
50 Patrick Moore, Beyond Shame: Reclaiming the Abandoned History of Radical Gay Sexuality (Boston: Beacon Press, 2004)
http://www.aip.org/history/heisenberg/p08c.htm
So Chatterbox will pass over these excellent entries, taking the advice of contest entrant Jonathan Weisberg to look for a name that might at least conceivably wind up in a high-school history book.
Several other entries also fail the "history book" test.
But Chatterbox believes neither Starr nor Linda Tripp will go down in history as the scandal's central figures--although "Trippwire," submitted by at least four readers, actually packs quite a bit of info about the scandal into a small package.
That's been true through most of human history.
America, in this sense, is a conspiracy against human nature--and not just in that we expect monogamy when the rule of history has been polygamy.
I also want to ask you for help in reading the Wall Street Journal 's front-page account of Mark Barton's online-trading history.
Court papers filed by attorneys for Mary Moran, the congressman's estranged wife, allege that the northern Virginia legislator had a history of "wasting the family assets on his stock market gambling."
Given her history of financial scandal, she'd be a fool to do anything improper).
Therefore, it's rash to conclude (as Chatterbox did) that the second -hottest temperature in known human history was the 134 degrees recorded in Death Valley--cited by NOAA as the hottest-ever temperature in North America, and as a temperature hotter than any other recorded by NOAA for any continent that isn't Africa.
More likely, the second- hottest day in known human history probably occurred somewhere in Africa, where somebody probably measured a temperature of 135 degrees Farenheit.
No woman in New York history has ever been elected to a statewide post more august than lieutenant governor.
Pediatricians are now supposed to take "media histories" along with medical histories when they see their young patients.
Pediatricians are now supposed to take "media histories" along with medical histories when they see their young patients.
George Pataki endorsed Mayor Rudy Giuliani, despite their chilly history, for the upcoming New York Senate race.
Clinton announced Friday that the drought was the worst in history for the agriculture of Maryland, New Jersey, Delaware, and Rhode Island.
5 million at the box office and set a record for the largest per-screen gross in motion-picture history, the major movie studios responded by commissioning studies to explain to them why this $50,000 film was crushing all their hundred-million-dollar spectaculars.
They're playing it as a breakthrough-in-marketing story--small-time filmmakers hit on big-time strategy--when it's actually the oldest marketing story in the history of culture: scaring and delighting audiences and making oneself rich and famous by pushing back the boundaries of what is commonly thought of as realistic.
History has falsified that premise.
Twelve years of Reagan-Bush plus eight of Clinton took care of that, along with the longest peacetime economic expansion in American history.
Culturebox will appeal to history, that defense of scoundrels, to argue that television seems a pretty harmless way to distract children, at least when you compare it to the alternatives.
I'm sure, as the details emerge, we're going to read a lot stories about the whacked cultural and political climate of our country that allows a man with such a history to get ahold of not just a gun, but a vanful of weapons.
The NYT fronts a story noting the rise of revisionist history textbooks in Israeli schools.
"We are coming to the end of the most disgraceful and immoral presidency in the history of this country."
Conducted by the congressional General Accounting Office, a preliminary investigation of 531 Pentagon security checks claims that 92 percent are incomplete, and that in 12 percent of cases the Defense Department failed to follow leads pointing to financial problems, criminal histories, and alcohol and drug abuse.
He tells the history of rock anecdotally--through a few dozen isolated vignettes--and conventionally.
One of the striking differences between this rock history and others is that Miller looks at rock as being over --since roughly 1977, we've had nothing but reprises of old themes.
It's a strange rock history indeed whose pivotal chapter concerns David Bowie, but here you have it.
Covering a record that the London Times cultural critic called "a decisive moment in the history of Western civilization," must have been a heady enterprise indeed--especially if you bought the hype.
Clinton is one of the more anti-civil-libertarian presidents in modern history.
The bottom line (probably not my best metaphor in this context) is the success of the corporate elite and free-market ideologues in pushing the "end of history" idea--that in a post-Communist world there is no alternative to our present economic and social system, like it or not.
As a critical theorist himself, Miller must know how subjective his rock narrative is (even the jump-cut structure suggests it), yet he still seems to present pop music as the product of the same shared, single history.
He gives us a history of the term "oldies but goodies," and mentions "In the Still of the Night," scarcely noticed when it came out in 1956, but by 1959 a staple of the oldies circuit.
Perhaps rock history is like retrospective politics.
If history is written by the winners, is rock history written by the losers?
If history is written by the winners, is rock history written by the losers?
The two-column NYT exclusive reports that investigators may have cracked one of the largest money-laundering operations in U.S. history: Investigators say that a notorious Russian mob figure, Semyon Yukovich Mogilevich, may have filtered $10 billion through the Bank of New York since early 1998.
(Here Miller seems to be leaning too heavily on Jon Savage's Sex Pistols book of seven or eight years ago, another rock history overstuffed with intellectual genealogy.
History textbook or today's front page?
Thus, the theme of my coverage of this interesting time in business history, which was also the theme of my book on America Online: Nobody knows.
The great bitches of entertainment history understood this.
Austin was a brilliant, sharp-tongued, and of course, being a bitch, somewhat manipulative heart surgeon, but instead of enjoying the occasional triumph over her supercilious colleagues, she just had more bad stuff happen to her than maybe anyone else in nighttime soap history.
Answers range from "in fact, there isn't any evidence [that the feds started the fire]" (Brit Hume, Fox News Sunday ) to "we're talking about an event unparalleled in American history" (Mark Shields, PBS's Newshour With Jim Lehrer ). (Shields compares the impact of Waco on the American psyche to that of the Kennedy assassination.)
First, a little personal history.
Or worse, some sort of illegitimate attempt by the paper to revise its history of coverage on the subject?
Where Timberg looks at McCain's career in relation to the Naval Academy, Vietnam, and the Reagan era, McCain examines his own history in the more personal context of his family's military tradition.
In George W.'s case, however, there's a little history to the relationship.
That's not surprising, since at this point in the history of marketing, it seems impossible that you might actually come across something new.
Let me depart with some personal history that readers who wish to can find in my memoir Parallel Time: Growing Up in Black and White . I was recruited to college off of a street corner in a dying factory town where black boys were traditionally channeled into dead-end vocational jobs.
That sad chapter in our history ends today."
Frantz and Collins, with their solid (if seemingly cut-and-paste) history and assiduous diary of whose kid beat up whose, etc., stay within the perimeter of Celebration, within what Ross calls the White Vinyl Fence.
A brief for isolationism, the book includes a pocket history of "Jewish Influence" in U.S. foreign policy from 1917 to the present.
Fernandina is exactly the type of town that Celebration would emulate: close, old, quaintly Victorian, rife with sidewalks, history, and pedestrians, and all the forms of old-style American community.
As I took Celebration to task for its faux history and democracy, I reflected back on Fernandina, which was, whatever else might be "Peyton Place-ish," at least a real community, the product of hundreds of years of conflicts bloodier by far than Parent vs.
). That is to say, Bradley, when asked by Sam Donaldson whether he'd ever used any illegal drugs, turned the tables and asked This Week 's panelists about their own drug histories.
(For an unofficial history of the Falstaff Brewing Co.--third-largest brewer in the United States during George's college years--click here.)
At the beginning of the episode, Eli Sammler, 11 th -grade son of the male half of the new couple, Rick Sammler, announces he has to be taken to his mother's because he's left his history notes there.
Roswell 's writers have clearly studied their teen romantic comedy history, and understand that an adequate representation of the teen condition requires the presence of well-meaning but oppressive adults and friends who try and try but just don't get it, but also an absence of condescension.
A Short History of Washington Week: Paul Duke reminisces with his panelists and welcomes new host Gwen Ifill.
Duke chronicles the program's history: "It all began in February 1967 in a ramshackle studio ..."
The book is after all subtitled "The secret history of the American meritocracy," which arouses the suspicion that there is something disreputable that has been kept secret and will now be revealed.
But of course the large outline of this history of how academic qualifications became the key consideration for college and university admissions isn't very secret at all--it's been told by Christopher Jencks and David Riesman in The Academic Revolution , more than 30 years ago, and in other studies of American higher education, and part of the story is also told in The Bell Curve , as you suggest.
Indeed, even in the early '70s Jews were not all convinced that this was only history.
So it made sense for Lemann to move from the history of ETS to the history of affirmative action, as it affected higher education admissions.
So it made sense for Lemann to move from the history of ETS to the history of affirmative action, as it affected higher education admissions.
He tells this story in a rather different way from the history of ETS, with an emphasis on the role of some activists, lawyers and others, who entered college and university at a time when meritocratic considerations were not yet affected in a major way by racial considerations, and when a number of young Japanese- and Chinese-Americans had opportunities to attend elite schools they would probably have not been able to in the pre-meritocratic age.
By any meaningful measure of economic performance, the dominant U.S. technology companies today are among the most successful and profitable in the history of the world.
The history of literary biography is like a yoyo--one century it careers toward the facts, the next it swings away from them.
The steepness of the drop after Giuliani and Bratton was largely unprecedented in American history.
In the words of one of Tom Wolfe's characters, fuhgetaboutit . History will remember Reagan as one of the two great presidents of the 20 th century.
My Columbia colleague Simon Schama's Dead Certainties , also now several years old, was a deliberate effort to play with the elusive boundary between fiction and history and to suggest how the two might be fruitfully joined.
*The scalpers-and-brokers point was brought to Chatterbox's attention by Randolph Cohen's brother Andrew, who is an assistant professor of history at Syracuse.
was not a looking back so much as an eager application of history to today and tomorrow."
He has abrogated his moral responsibility to history in a manner that is close to unforgivable.
Here, for example, is Morris' riff on the extraordinarily complicated 60-year history of the modern American welfare state: "Under the 1935 Social Security Act, a family on welfare was re-classified as 'self-supporting' the moment Pop was hired ...
I don't think much of Reagan's economic policies, although I concede that some good things flowed from them; but whatever one thinks of them, they do mark an extraordinarily important moment in American history.
Or maybe not so unified, since, although I still don't agree with you about Miramax, I see that I agree even less with myself, in that I don't actually think that the political protests of Catholic, feminist, and gay-rights organizations regarding their portrayals by the mass media are really of comparable weight, seeing as only one of these special interests is allied with an extraordinarily wealthy institution with one of the most coherent and cooperative global network of outlets in history.
What if Reagan was intelligent and perceptive, far more imaginative than all his critics put together, infinitely more resourceful in implementing his agenda, eerily indifferent to much of the acrimony and pettiness around him, resolute and far-sighted in keeping his eye on the long ball of history?
And so Morris finds himself set on his disastrous course that takes up a decade and a half of his life, ruins his reputation, and does a grave injustice to Reagan and to history.
As I noted yesterday, Morris seems to know very little about American politics and American history.
I mentioned yesterday his preposterous summary of the history of the welfare state, which sounds like one of Reagan's uninformed anecdotes about welfare queens and his uninformed analysis of Keynesianism and the New Deal economic order.
People in the Reagan administration, Reagan partisans, and Reagan himself have had obvious self-serving reasons for making such arguments--for insisting that a major event in world history that arose out of a vast confluence of factors was the result of the policies and the rhetoric of a single man.
But it is also an injustice to history, because it accepts far too credulously the claims made by Reagan's admirers about his accomplishments and his influence.
You have ruined our chance to make history by achieving almost complete unanimity.
I think history will vindicate that judgment.
But Morris, in his simplistic way, and you, in your much more knowledgeable way, go much too far, I think, in your claims about Reagan's importance to history.
On the other hand, the economic boom of the '80s and the '90s is unlike any previous economic boom in American history in creating a very substantial upward distribution of wealth and in benefiting those on the bottom 50 to 60 percent of the economic ladder very little, if at all.
Sonia Gandhi's Congress Party was dealt the worst defeat in its history.
That includes The Flounder , published in the United States in 1978, an epic disquisition on the perfidy of women (Grass' leftism does not extend to feminism) that is narrated by a fish and continues through centuries, with asides on matters of sexual and culinary history.
The German critic Hans Magnus Enzensberger has written of how Grass ranges with masterly skill from high-flown parodies of Catholic litany to the impersonal tone of case histories to slang to dialect and so on.
But like Grass himself, what once seemed a masterwork has been overtaken by history.
Kyrgyzstan is a stunning place of amazing mountains and lakes, grinding poverty and lost ideology, and of course oodles of history.
If there is a crisis of masculinity, then it truly can only be understood through history.
Susan Faludi's men are being crushed as the tectonic plates of history roil and split and mow them down.
USA Today says the vote was the first time in history that the Senate has voted down an arms control treaty.
It's slightly smarter than most on this subject, with more of a sense of history (she tosses the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice into the mix).
Based on the subsequent history, I think it was a correct decision.
Diaz says that Ellis was arrested in 1988 in what the Drug Enforcement Administration called "the largest methamphetamine bust in history" (an interesting statistic that Diaz failed to drop in his interview with Ellis), and that Ellis "pleaded guilty to a reduced charge, using a telephone 'to facilitate a drug trafficking offense.
We have a long history of encouraging non-English speakers living or settling in the United States to give up their first language.
Although it was the third worst in U.S. history, it was still weaker than expected and smaller than last month's trade deficit.
The NYT reports inside that President Clinton seized on Dole's announcement to take a shot at George W. Bush, calling him the first candidate in the history of the modern era who's given up federal funding so that he could raise an unlimited sum of money, something Clinton says he'd been urged to do in the past but did not because it "wasn't fair."
As more and more databases become available, we're likely to see ever more important discoveries that force us to rethink what we believed about the history and development of our language.
In all, five of the 10 largest one-day drops in Dow Jones history have happened in October.
Morgan for the past 15 years, and keeping up only from a distance with what one of Lewis' characters calls "the greatest legal creation of wealth in the history of the planet."
(It is amazing to think of 1990 as ancient history, and to watch these guys groping toward what we know will become the Internet.)
"The herd," as Lewis puts it, had followed Clark into ITV, while Clark headed off in a new direction: "It was one of the greatest unintentional head fakes in the history of technology."
Substantive reflections on history and on Clark's character might have been a better use for some of these pages--but I'm running out of space here, so I'll continue with those thoughts tomorrow.
(And oh, how I longed for a detailed inside history of Netscape in The New New Thing . But, alas, it was nowhere to be found.
It isn't anyone's eccentric or revisionist view of history.
Nicholas Lemann's absorbing new history of American meritocracy, The Big Test , contains an interesting anecdote about William F. Buckley's inadvertent role, while an undergraduate at Yale during the late 1940s, in helping that university restrict the number of Jews and Catholics it admitted.
When Chatterbox asked Buckley about this intriguing story--which apparently has never been told before, except in a footnote to Dan A. Oren's 1985 book Joining The Club: A History of Jews and Yale --Buckley was a little hazy about the details:
Let's remember, again, why we both thought so highly of The New New Thing : It offers an astonishingly vivid description of what Silicon Valley is like at this moment in history.
5 million in the Healtheon IPO, says, "History will document this as the largest financial bubble in the history of the world economy."
5 million in the Healtheon IPO, says, "History will document this as the largest financial bubble in the history of the world economy."
"Good morning again, and happy St. Crispin's Day and let's make a little history.
The second reference to bumfuzzled was in History of the Life of Rev.
Since Bush's history with Rainwater has already been much discussed in Texas (Ann Richards once said that Rainwater "owned" Dubya), the Times seems to simply be recycling old Texas news for a national audience.
In reviewing this history, it's important to make some crucial distinctions.
From this point on, anybody who undertakes any sort of American literary history will have to come to terms with Powell's achievement--15 more-or-less mature novels; close to a dozen plays, hundreds of short stories, book reviews, and occasional pieces; a magnificent diary that spans 35 years; and well over a thousand letters.
She's a part of our history now, but also--in a manner that is quite unusual for an author dead more than three decades--part of our daily life, too.
The Post fronts a long history of Bill Bradley's military service.
Nevertheless, the Post runs a story detailing the (mixed) accident history of EgyptAir.
It's fun that he has slunk back into history, while she has risen up.
The NYT notes that Uyesuji's workplace shooting is one of the 10 deadliest in the nation's history.
A history of this sort of folly might start with some of the failed schemes of the New Deal economists before describing the way that the "whiz kids" led LBJ astray on both the Vietnam War and the war on poverty.
I've always thought that the history of the ascent--and now perhaps, fall--of the Nassau GOP would make a wonderful nonfiction book.
Of course, I'm rewriting history here.
* I've also just been reading Fredrik Logevall's Choosing War , a new academic history that argues more or less the exact opposite of Lind's case.
Judge [Starr], I'm wondering what you think about the famous moment on the South Lawn of the White House on the day of the impeachment when Vice President Gore stepped to the lectern and said that history would remember President Clinton, in his view, as one of the greatest presidents we've ever had.
By this I mean something more than just the obvious point, which is that history has no control group.
Steve Roberts ( Late Edition ) thinks that Bush is alluding to his family's history of honorable public service.
He said it was "fine by me, but most big decisions in modern history have been taken without reference to Parliament and so I suppose that one chamber is as easy to bypass as two."
Philip Morris filed a $10 billion libel suit-- the biggest libel suit in U.S. history --against ABC over the broadcast.
If British telecom giant Vodafone succeeds in its attempted hostile takeover of German telecom giant Mannesmann, the deal will be, by some measures, the biggest deal in history (non-inflation, non-bull-market-adjusted, that is).
The NYT explains that the FTC assented to the $81 billion Mobil-Exxon merger, the largest in history, after the two giants agreed to the largest divestiture the agency has ever seen.
All three papers note that the game drew the largest crowd for a football game in Texas history.
Assignments in black studies have filtered down to the high-school, junior-high, and even elementary-school level (and remember the black liturgical occasions we now have on the calendar that beg for special schoolchild reports of one sort or another: the King holiday, Black History Month, Black Music Month, Kwanzaa, Malcolm X's birthday, Juneteenth), and while not every school does all of this, most schools must do some of this.
Moreover, blacks cannot be left out of Women's History Month or Veteran's Day or, for the truly daring, Gay Appreciation Month.
But I would think that most black-studies scholars are only partly heartened by this; for this rather triumphalist book (and Gates is important in black studies, in part, for the promotion of a triumphalist view of black history and black culture--globally speaking--which is why he is hated by Afrocentrists who take a somewhat different view of the long-term meaning of "the coming of the white man") is nothing less than the middlebrow arrival of black studies in American culture.
But I suppose it is something of a triumph, which the publication of this book is meant to acknowledge, that black studies has achieved middlebrow status in the United States, that bourgeois people, both white and black, feel bad if they don't know something about the history and culture of African-descended people, in much the same way they feel bad, inadequate, if they don't know something about opera or a bit about Impressionist painting or if they have never seen a film by D. W. Griffith or Fritz Lang.
More triumphalist history!)
But the history of the publication of this book is only incompletely told by the editors.
I'm less sanguine that many whites feel bad when they don't know something about black history and culture.
Years ago, a white woman told me about how her son's teacher let the class dance to a Michael Jackson record for 10 minutes to celebrate Black History Month.
Black history--in America, at least--is American history.
Media mergers and gobblings-up and the like have made it impossible for us to do our jobs if we're obligated to disqualify ourselves from covering companies or people a) we do business with, b) we have a personal relationship or history with, or c) are in competition with.
The Human Relations Commission was very important in the history of race relations in the city in the 1950s and 1960s, although it was a group without strong enforcement abilities.
It may not be the greatest comeback in business history, but the re-ascendance of OPEC is certainly one of the more surprising turnarounds in recent memory.
The history of OPEC, at least since the mid-1980s, has been one of massive cheating on the part of its members, who have regularly violated their production quotas in order to reap as much profit as possible.
Africana is as least as good as the two or three other encyclopedias of black history and culture that sit in storage while I wait for my shoulder to heal enough so I can build bookshelves.
When I look at our place in American history, though, what intrigues me are the missed opportunities--as when, for example, legal and societal distinctions were first made between white indentured servants and black slaves.
(But there is no mention of Al Gore's history of having taken a pro-drug company position in this matter.)
Also, Chatterbox (moonlighting as "Today's Papers" columnist) observed not quite one year ago that the House of Representatives cast its second presidential-impeachment vote in U.S. history on Dec. 19, 1998.
If only McDonald's had come out with three more boldly adult-flavored hamburgers, it would have been a perfect year for dud megaevents--all leading up of course to Y2K, the limpest milestone in human history.
The Sultan of Swat, the Iron Man, the Yankee Clipper, the Mick, and Yogi--these strong, masculine names are synonymous with the team, the sport, and American history.
The way we talk about the character of leaders has come a long way since Leo Tolstoy railed against Carlyle's great-man theory of history 130 years ago in War and Peace : "To study the laws of history, we must entirely change the subject of our observation, must leave aside kings, ministers, and generals, and study the common, infinitesimally small elements that influence the masses."
The way we talk about the character of leaders has come a long way since Leo Tolstoy railed against Carlyle's great-man theory of history 130 years ago in War and Peace : "To study the laws of history, we must entirely change the subject of our observation, must leave aside kings, ministers, and generals, and study the common, infinitesimally small elements that influence the masses."
Since then, history has been through a host of determinisms--economic, demographic, biological, geographic, even meteorological--each meant to relegate the individual psychology of great men to the realm of the contingent.
That '96 race is worth recalling for another reason you mentioned: At no other time in the history of American politics have both halves of a presidential ticket referred to themselves so frequently in the third person.
I keep having to remind myself that Bush has a mixed history of debating.
1. "The same day that the merger between Exxon and Mobil, the largest industrial merger in history , was approved by the Federal Trade Commission, the FTC moved to block the merger between BP Amoco and Arco . Apparently, that deal will result in higher gas prices in California and the West, while the Exxon-Mobil deal will merely result in the creation of the third-largest company in the world."
If contact is re-established, the Polar Lander, designed to search for ice in the Martian soil and collect information about the planet's climate history, could help scientists figure out if life could have existed on Mars.
Believe me, having married two Jews and being now entangled with a third hardly makes up for my almost total lack of information re the history of our people.
Well, now that I have managed to touch on a bit of my marital history, my religious ignorance, announcing where I live, and a zit treatment, let's push away that plate of latkes and get serious.
Dean Acheson book or no Dean Acheson book, the guy clearly doesn't know from history.
So what do we learn from the show about the history or sociology or even the aesthetics of rock music or fashion?
They have a history of putting important issues on the map--Bradley took on tax reform and the Soviet Union; Gore has the environment, technology, etc.
No point trying to fight history, Bob!
The LAT points out that the former Soviet Union excelled in this sort of high-tech bugging, and gives a nice history of the known Soviet operations of this sort undertaken against U.S. facilities.
The contest, which includes candidates from Chile's main right and left parties as well as four independent candidates, is expected to end in a run-off, the first in the country's history.
Meanwhile, on the USAT front Barbara Bush mounts a defense of George W.'s gravitas: "People don't know that he is a very smart history buff and that's what he reads."
While McCain is on the program, the Fox producers flash a message on the screen asserting that, with an IQ of 133, McCain would be "among the most intelligent Presidents in history."
(I used to say that your sister and yourself, both Ph.D.s in early modern European history, would go to any lengths to find a subject for which your father could not give you a bibliography.)
Let me open with a flashback to the '80s, which is when I started writing movie reviews and when it seemed as if all my wrap-ups began with a variation on "This has been the suckiest year for movies in history ." We were on a downward spiral.
This, says the NYT , will be the first in Israel's history.
The Resumption of History
More than that, we are witnessing not the end of history but the resumption of history.
More than that, we are witnessing not the end of history but the resumption of history.
This month, Hugh Massingberd published in England The Fifth Volume of Obituaries from the Daily Telegraph ! Obituaries are history.
They are now part of history.
If Birdwhistell, in his travels, had been looking not for smiles but for smirks , Chatterbox strongly suspects he would have found lots of them on the smile-barren East Coast, especially in the vicinity of its prep schools and Ivy League universities . Here's a thought experiment: Summon up a mental image of Ali McGraw, the smirkiest performer in the history of the movies.
Since I believe that "normal" Western politics is the politics of platitudes (and looking at Russia, perhaps we should not knock that), I am going to pick up my theme of our democratic, domestic rhetoric and come back to your turf, that of history, in a reverse manner.
After we had put the paper "to bed" on Thursday mornings, we would sit and talk about history.
But history was always a living presence.
When Boris was at De Witt Clinton High School in New York, in the '30s, his history teacher once remarked that in February 1917, Alexander Kerensky had made the Russian Revolution and was soon after overthrown by Lenin.
History lives.)
What impresses me, in fact, is that with all the blather about "the new," there is a hunger for history, and for many people, the old is more relevant than the new.
And I think, earlier this year, of Serbia, where the bones of Prince Lazar, the martyr of the battle against the Turks in 1389, have become hallowed in history and whose legends were written down by church scribes and canonized in cycles of folk poetry.
This being the case, I'm not sure how coherently I'll be able to respond to your interesting thoughts about the living presence of history.
What has interested me, as a professional historian, about the media's coverage of the subject so far, has been how relatively little attention has been paid to the history of the planet between 1000 and 2000.
I expected far more in the way of exhibitions, TV shows, special editions of magazines, polls commissioned on "who were the most significant figures of the past 1,000 years," and so on, particularly given the enormous interest in history that is demonstrated by things like the success of the History Channel (history as a living presence, in the living room).
I expected far more in the way of exhibitions, TV shows, special editions of magazines, polls commissioned on "who were the most significant figures of the past 1,000 years," and so on, particularly given the enormous interest in history that is demonstrated by things like the success of the History Channel (history as a living presence, in the living room).
I expected far more in the way of exhibitions, TV shows, special editions of magazines, polls commissioned on "who were the most significant figures of the past 1,000 years," and so on, particularly given the enormous interest in history that is demonstrated by things like the success of the History Channel (history as a living presence, in the living room).
In one sense, the second millennium in fact contains nearly everything we think of as "history," for even if we arbitrarily define "history" as stopping in 1950, something like 99.
In one sense, the second millennium in fact contains nearly everything we think of as "history," for even if we arbitrarily define "history" as stopping in 1950, something like 99.
Another reason for the lack of attention, closer to my own concerns, is that Western historians no longer have a simple story to tell about the history of the second millennium--a single "meta-narrative," to use our jargon.
That has been one of the most enduring and powerful themes in Western history.
But then in the 12 th century, an obscure Cistercian monk, Joachim of Fiore, developed a powerful and original theology (three books, including the Expositio in Apocalypsim ), which put eschatology into history . (As the Marxist Ernst Bloch said: "Joachim was the first to set a date for the kingdom of God, for the communist kingdom."
At the beginning of the decade, Fukuyama put forward his famous thesis about how we were at the End of History, only to see History seem to resume with a vengeance, as you put it the other day.
At the beginning of the decade, Fukuyama put forward his famous thesis about how we were at the End of History, only to see History seem to resume with a vengeance, as you put it the other day.
There would still be Final Things, and a direction to history.
His second book--a history of Balkan nationalism--will be published in early 2000.
Bradley's sweeping proposals also cut against the nature and history of the problem.
Bradley ought to understand this, not only because he's well-versed in the history of political reform--there's a chapter on the subject in his book--but because the challenge of campaign finance reform is so similar to that of tax reform, which was his own greatest legislative accomplishment as a Senator.
Neither Shakespeare (who alludes to the incident only in passing) nor history offers any justification for this gross violation of the laws of war: "Was there, as it was later claimed, some sudden movement on the part of French cavalry which lead Henry to fear an attack from the rear?
It is possible, though no such attack took place," writes historian John Julius Norwich in his forthcoming book Shakespeare's Kings: The Great Plays and the History of England in the Middle Ages: 1137-1485 . Norwich, who calls the command "the darkest stain on [the historical Henry's] reputation," says that so many of Henry's men refused to obey his order that "he was at last obligated to designate 200 of his own archers specifically for the task."
or movies that opened today (this list includes Man on the Moon, Any Given Sunday , and Snow Falling on Cedars ). But unlike every other Friday in movie history, there will be no Hollywood films opening on Dec. 24.
The papers tentatively identify the hijackers as Sikhs, but don't give any background on their history or goals.
The USAT front-page "cover story," upon reviewing some 1,500 personnel decisions made at the Department of Defense, concludes that the Pentagon regularly grants security clearances to civilian employees of defense contractor companies who have prior criminal convictions and/or long histories of financial irresponsibility or substance abuse.
Should history repeat itself, we should expect next year to elect a humorless, no-nonsense president like Teddy Roosevelt.
The revolution of Judaism was that it transformed time from cyclical to historical--a history belonging to man but directed by God--so that the Jews could think of a future beyond mortality.
The WP puts forth a gigantic effort to assess the entire 2nd millennium, with sprawling essays on the span's history, and on its concepts of liberty, love, hate, ingenuity, fear, beauty, thought, and mystery.
The effort on history says, "The best invention of the millennium is widely considered to be the printing press, which is obvious and right.
Idealism sweet as ether boils off the pages of the book that we've been assigned to read and discuss this week, Jay Rosen's history of and argument for "public journalism," What Are Journalists For?
Never mind the old clichés about telling truth to power or writing the first draft of history.
Linda Tripp Makes Medical History
This is the first case in American medical history in which cosmetic surgery was reported to have been caused by John Goodman.
What makes America both great and funny is our stubborn belief in the redeemability of people, which is the flip side of our disdain for history.
And never in the history of American journalism has the media been more scrutinized.
The vote is being widely viewed as the cleanest in the nation's history.
As of press time, it remains unclear exactly what the balance of power in the legislative branch or in the various states will be between the three major political parties, but the news is that for the first time in the country's modern history, there will be a balance of power.
It was the largest meat recall in history, prompted by 16 people in Colorado getting food poisoning from a strain of E. coli bacteria that can lead to kidney failure and death.
"People who get caught up in the current moment and don't have a longer view of our history and our potential," Bradley said.
USAT 's stock-market story describes the Nasdaq's drop as "breathtaking" but goes on to note that it was "long overdue" and only the eighth-largest percentage drop in the index's history.
Still, not having your personal history with the guy, I'm going to go see the movie.
Toobin then told me he was justified in releasing the documents because they were "part of history now."
As, say, "part of history"?
Not to mention the fact that "a history of mental problems" turns up in the résumés of more and more troublemakers, like the guy who attacked George Harrison last week.
We created 20 million new jobs, cut the welfare rolls in half, passed the toughest gun control in a generation, and created the strongest economy in the history of the United States of America."
Now, people have been proclaiming the death of bohemia ever since a 19 th -century Parisian, Henri Murger, wrote a book that would become an opera that would become synonymous with the artistic life right up to the moment when the whole concoction was boiled down to corn syrup in the Broadway musical Rent . Jerrold Seigel, the author of an excellent history of bohemianism, Bohemian Paris: Culture, Politics, and the Boundaries of Bourgeois Life 1830-1930 (1986), says that when people go around saying bohemia is dead, what they usually mean is that they can't see how to wiggle free of commercialism and convention: "People experience bohemia as a form of authentic existence."
At best, the stone-faced attitudes of retail-outlet clerks have become the manifestation of a subculture that is soon to disappear, like all the other subcultures that have faded into history.
In another likely Clinton parallel, the two of them have a long history of hurting each other that makes it impossible for them to get the important stuff out there, even though their desire to do so is palpable.
Caveat: Bellow may still be the oldest Nobel-laureate dad in history.
(Apparently the publishers are trying to pass this book off to some buyers as neutral social history.)
Like them or loathe them, the middle decades of the twentieth century were an entirely anomalous period in American history.
If he does renounce it he'll infuriate those who cherish it as a part of Southern history.
Another bit of history comes when the paper points out that no winner of a contested Iowa caucus has gone on to become president since Jimmy Carter.
Why didn't every sports editor in the country start devoting even a little more space to skating after Tonya-Nancy, which was a fiasco, absolutely, but also was the sixth-highest-rated TV program in history?
If there's any lesson that men should take from the history of women or women's sports, it's that--like the history of the civil rights movement, or the gay movement, for that matter--people tend to resemble their dreams long before the powerbrokers grant us permission, or the court of public opinion ever catches up.
If there's any lesson that men should take from the history of women or women's sports, it's that--like the history of the civil rights movement, or the gay movement, for that matter--people tend to resemble their dreams long before the powerbrokers grant us permission, or the court of public opinion ever catches up.
Women's sports are provinces unto themselves--distinct places with their own heroes and rich histories, their own character and ethos and culture
They have ruled their own mountain kingdoms at various points in history.
The history of the Kurds in the 20 th century has been one of almost constant warfare and disappointment, as they have sought autonomy--with little success--in each of their three principal homelands.
led the Britpop movement and may prove the best-selling album in U.K. history.
The Biggest Tax Increase in History
Republicans say that Bill Clinton imposed the biggest tax increase in American history.
Democrats disagree, saying Dole himself is responsible for the biggest tax increase in history: a massive tax bill he engineered as Senate Finance Committee chairman in 1982.
One answer is: nothing . The history of central bank attempts to deflate overvalued stock prices is not encouraging.
Doubters point, first, to circumstantial evidence . How could someone as intelligent and well-versed in European history as Albright (her Ph.D. work focused on contemporary Central European politics) not have deduced her family's ancestry from what we know she knew?
The issue of land sales has a long history as a subtheme of the Jewish-Arab struggle.
(Designers of the Clinton plan limited testing to reading and math, avoiding sensitive subjects like history in the hope of avoiding arguments over politicization.)
First, a little history: President Clinton formed a 12-member task force in the first month of his presidency, appointed Hillary Clinton as chair, and gave them 100 days to draft new health-care legislation.
Why the long history of Albanian-Serbian acrimony?
With Daniel's arrest, tabloids have dredged up the long history of Baldwins run amok.
Here, in descending order of sternness, are the five major groups (for a refresher on harassment law and its history, click ):
If you missed the link to the refresher on harassment law and its history, click .
Doctors predict that, thanks to El Niño, the next two years will be the most allergy-ridden in history, a fitting end to what doctors call the worst century for allergies ever.
Why hasn't natural selection consigned this miserable condition to the dustbin of evolutionary history?
The cover story excerpts Confessions of a Spy , a new book about Aldrich Ames, calling the convicted spy the "most destructive traitor in American history."
Deng Xiaoping's death leads the Economist . The cover story credits him with "wealth-creation on a scale unparalleled in modern history," but concludes that China's prosperity depends on establishing democratic freedom and the rule of law.
A sidebar recounts Switzerland's awful World War II history: It turned away 30,000 Jews and served as Germany's money launderer, but has denied responsibility for its actions.
Albright is interviewed: She says she is proud of her family history, but vehemently denies having known about it.
Newsweek 's bigger package offers a book excerpt from Sinophile Henry Kissinger on the history of U.S.-China relations that lionizes Deng and Mao Tse-tung (and, of course, Kissinger).
Rolling Stone 's cover story traces Stern's history from mediocre rock DJ to king of shock jocks.
Also, a piece condemns American history textbooks, which "read like one long lawyer's brief in the case of Oppressed People v.
Also, much Hollywood history: articles on the feud between Hollywood gossips Louella Parsons and Hedda Hopper, Roman Polanski's statutory rape of a 13-year-old girl, and the shady activities of the now deceased Hollywood fixer/mob lawyer Sidney Korshak.
The three newsmagazines reconstruct the Heaven's Gate suicide, trace the cult's history, and link it to burgeoning New Age spiritualism.
The passage recounts Woods' first trip to the Masters in 1995: He played 18 holes each day, then spent the evening studying for his Stanford history exam.
The article recounts Weil's checkered history: As a Harvard undergraduate, he exposed Timothy Leary's LSD experiments, but he later did research concluding that marijuana is harmless.
Also, a surprisingly favorable article about the Christian Coalition's campaign to recruit blacks and help rebuild burned black churches: This seems to be a truly sincere effort to atone for a history of white Christian racism.
A book excerpt chronicles the military's history of mistreating female soldiers.
The piece includes a "world history" chart for the years 1980-2020: "Immigrants drive revival of family" in 2014-16.
A cover story advises workers to exploit the best job market in history by milking their employers for higher pay, flex time, continuing education, shorter hours, gym memberships, etc. (Computer experts, not surprisingly, have the most leverage.)
Amitav Ghosh recounts the forgotten history of the Indian National Army, the Indian troops who deserted the British Army during World War II to fight for the Japanese.
The piece includes a "world history" chart for the years 1980-2020: "Immigrants drive revival of family" in 2014-16.
And a piece probes the claims of Israeli historical revisionists, who have drawn controversy by challenging the moral basis of their country's early history.
But tension with the Catholic Church and a history of anti-Semitism still haunt the small community.
India's 50 th birthday is celebrated, ambivalently, as the cover package praises the country's democracy and condemns its history of socialism.
An immense essay by Editor in Chief Martin Peretz traces Zionism's triumphant history, beginning with the 1897 Basel conference.
Schama traces the history of women alienated by the crown: Anne Boleyn, Eleanor of Aquitaine, and Princess Caroline of Brunswick (who?)
Evidence from history: English leaders believed trade ties to Germany would prevent a conflict--then World War I broke out.
The Standard traces the history of the Promise Keepers in a long article.
Also, an article predicts that smart cards, a microchip-laden credit/debit card, already popular in Europe, will soon catch on in America: "In theory, a single smart card could replace a fistful of credit and debit cards, serve as a driver's license, store a person's medical history, feed a parking meter, and function as a tamperproof personal ID encoded with an individual's fingerprint."
An essay examines Napoleon's mixed legacy: Alone of history's great leaders, Napoleon inspires ambivalence (French adoration, British loathing).
Another argues that the past five years have been the greatest in human history (due to advances in health and quality of life).
Time 's Jerry Seinfeld cover mourns the passing of Seinfeld . Inside are an exclusive interview with Seinfeld (he says he's not interested in money), a history of the show (it claims the 1992-93 season is the best), and a piece on NBC's now shaky future ( Seinfeld 's departure may end NBC's Thursday-night dominance).
Huge advances are history, and better technology lets publishers ship books faster and track sales more closely.
The problem with the story: It's not credible, given Clinton's sexual history.
A profile gently mocks British historian Paul Johnson, author of a new history of the United States.
Historian-turned-pol Newt Gingrich reviews Paul Johnson's new history of America.
Restrained as usual, the House speaker calls the book "perhaps the most important history of the American people in our generation."
The book's thesis: "America is a civilization; we are one people; there is a religious base to our freedom; and entrepreneurship, invention, and work create far greater wealth than any bureaucracy in history."
The issue digs up gossip from Hollywood's ancient history: A silent-film siren says Buster Keaton was "sexy," but Charlie Chaplin didn't know how to seduce women.
Wilson makes the case that human morality is "empirical" law that evolved biologically, not "transcendental" law that exists separate from human history.
) rails against Stephan and Abigail Thernstrom's anti-affirmative-action America in Black and White as "the worst history book of the year."
Conspiracy theorists beware: MasterCard is investing in a chip that can store electronic cash, your medical history, and "keys" to your home and office.
Time 's package on the Microsoft antitrust case features an interview with Assistant Attorney General Joel Klein; thumbnail sketches of the major players; a long rundown of Microsoft's many holdings, partnerships, and investments; and a short history of Netscape's meteoric rise and subsequent fragility.
Jordan is the greatest endorser in history because he's "at once credible and incredible"--an unbelievable athlete and a warm, charming person.
An issue of photos and history.
A sidebar claims Jordan is only the second greatest athlete in history, behind soccer's Pele.
An accompanying story covers the case of a pharmaceuticals CEO with a long and slimy history of harassing subordinates.
French critics hate Arnault's "American" business style (profits over politesse) and disregard for fashion history (he puts brash young designers in charge of hallowed clothing lines).
The Spielberg piece gushes: The film's opening combat footage "may be looked back upon as one of the greatest sequences in the history of cinema."
History will view us as it views Jazz Agers: superficial, greedy, and oblivious.
Tweedy professors and porn starlets mingle at presentations such as "Cum Shots: History, Theory, and Research."
These laws, which allowed Paula Jones' lawyers to investigate Clinton's sexual history, were never fair.
Most reviewers concur with Cliff's assessment, but Richard Bernstein writes in the New York Times Book Review that the book is "so focused on darkness and degradation as to be demagogic in its effect" and calls Wideman's version of history "distorted" and "troubling."
15: La Cérémonie (MK2 Productions/Prokino Filmproduktion); The Prospect Before Her: A History of Women in Western Europe, 1500-1800 , by Olwen Hufton (Knopf); King of the Hill (Fox); and Tokyo International Forum (Ralph Viñoly, Japan).
Critics have speculated that William Greider wrote his book One World, Ready or Not to refute Francis Fukuyama's "End of History," an essay celebrating the global triumph of liberalism.
15: La Cérémonie ; The Prospect Before Her: A History of Women in Western Europe, 1500-1800 , by Olwen Hufton; King of the Hill ; and Tokyo International Forum.
Personal History
Book -- The Prospect Before Her: A History of Women in Western Europe, 1500-1800 , by Olwen Hufton;
Book -- Personal History , by Katharine Graham;
Book -- The Prospect Before Her: A History of Women in Western Europe, 1500-1800 , by Olwen Hufton;
Book -- Personal History , by Katharine Graham;
Based on a hitherto little-known 1923 incident in which a white mob pillaged a black Florida town, Rosewood is deemed important as history but insignificant as art.
2) Ford has its own unacknowledged history of anti-Semitism.
Book -- Personal History , by Katharine Graham;
Book -- Personal History , by Katharine Graham;
A history of mad-cow disease by veteran science writer Richard Rhodes ( The Making of the Atomic Bomb ). Critics praise Rhodes' lucid explication of complex virology as well as his range--the book includes digressions on political and literary themes and a section on the scandal surrounding a Nobel Prize-winning expert on the disease who recently pleaded guilty to molesting a little boy.
"Every scene is weighted, emotionally significant, resplendent with the thick texture of feeling and history," writes New York 's Denby.
This 150-year history of a black Martinique family garnered France's prestigious Prix Goncourt.
The New Republic 's Margaret Talbot says Whitehead and other "divorcephobes" ignore America's history of liberal divorce laws, the economics of women in the workplace, and common sense: "Parents who make each other's lives a snarling misery probably won't make their children's lives a bower of happiness."
It "integrates Irish history impressively into the complex fabric of the great poet's life" says the Washington Post 's Karl Beckson.
that the biographer is himself a fine writer, bearing with grace his knowledge of Irish history, and writing with wit, authority and, when appropriate, considerable eloquence," says Thomas Flanagan in the New York Times Book Review . (See James Wood's enthusiastic review in Slate.)
Book/Television -- American Visions: The Epic History of Art in America , by Robert Hughes, and American Visions (PBS);
Critical and commercial success for the biography of Gravano, "the most famous snitch in Mob history," who brought down John "the Teflon Don" Gotti, offed 18 people, and ordered his own brother-in-law's execution.
Book/Television -- American Visions: The Epic History of Art in America , by Robert Hughes, and American Visions (PBS);
A very friendly reception for the first volume of a biography of one of the best-connected journalist-playwright-congresswoman-ambassadors in history, the wife of Time founder Henry Luce.
Book/Television -- American Visions: The Epic History of Art in America , by Robert Hughes, and American Visions (PBS);
Blood on the Dance Floor--HIStory in the Mix
Book/Television -- American Visions: The Epic History of Art in America , by Robert Hughes, and American Visions (PBS);
Music -- Blood on the Dance Floor--HIStory in the Mix , Michael Jackson;
Music -- Blood on the Dance Floor--HIStory in the Mix , Michael Jackson;
Music -- Blood on the Dance Floor--HIStory in the Mix , Michael Jackson;
Music -- Blood on the Dance Floor--HIStory in the Mix , Michael Jackson;
The most "shamefully derivative hour in recent network history," says Roy Richmond in Variety . "Unintentionally laughable," says the New York Times ' Caryn James.
The first American show of classical Cambodian art in 50 years is said to "carry the force of a revelation" (Holland Cutter, the New York Times ). Time 's Robert Hughes calls the pieces, which mostly depict Buddha and other deities and date to the 6 th century, "some of the greatest stone carving and bronze work in human history."
Critics complain that John Frankenheimer's miniseries about the Alabama governor and presidential candidate plays fast and loose with history.
Foes of affirmative action extol the book--part history, part policy analysis--as a devastating blow to race-based programs.
this garish and confused moment in history, with surgical precision" (David Ansen, Newsweek ). Performances by Kevin Kline, Joan Allen, and Sigourney Weaver are said to be so solid that they compensate for the unlikability of their characters.
A "preachy history lesson," says Leah Rozen of People . Other pans dwell on the film's sentimentalization of Tibet and its skirting of its protagonist's Nazism.
the incompatibility of paranoid history with great fiction."
A dim laid-off security guard, played by John Travolta, takes hostages at the American Museum of Natural History, while an opportunistic reporter, played by Dustin Hoffman, eggs him on.
The book is "no longer a guide to daily life and an antidote to the worries of its era" (Molly O'Neill, the New York Times ). (The Joy of Cooking site plugs the book and gives its history.)
The oil magnate's museum for European art expands its collection and moves to a new campus--"the most expensive art complex in American history" (Robert Hughes, Time ). Modernist architect Richard Meier's eclectic buildings, which echo Le Corbusier and Frank Lloyd Wright, receive mostly raves.
Critics also declare 1997--dominated by the Spice Girls--as the "year of the woman" in rock: "Never in pop history have female singers been quite so aggressively, shrewdly marketed on the basis of gender alone" (Karen Schoemer, Newsweek ).
Ellen 's coming out is hailed as the year's highlight, a "seminal moment" in television history (Howard Rosenberg, the Los Angeles Times ). Critics say the sitcom was witless and pointless until it focused on its main character's sexuality; "[e]ver since ...
In the New York Times Book Review , Robert Fishman compares Bissinger's book to "such classics of urban reportage and analysis as J. Anthony Lukas's Common Ground ." Reviewers especially like its scope: Bissinger interweaves the stories of a shipyard worker and a poor black grandmother with political history.
"Dove's visionary abstraction was of such strength, originality and integrity," says Time 's Robert Hughes, "that it deserves its special place in the history of American art."
A History of the American People
The conservative British journalist, known for his mammoth histories, writes an old-fashioned "Great Man" chronicle of the United States.
Book -- A History of the American People , by Paul Johnson.
(The official site, available here, has a history of Iranian cinema.)
Book -- A History of the American People , by Paul Johnson.
A lukewarm response to Dazed and Confused director Richard Linklater's first venture beyond Gen X. His western about the most accomplished bank robbers in American history is faulted for lacking the conventions--exciting chase scenes, gunfights, and black-hatted villains--that give the genre its enduring appeal.
Book -- A History of the American People , by Paul Johnson.
Book -- A History of the American People , by Paul Johnson.
This fictionalization of the Susan Smith case--a white woman claims that a black man kidnapped her child--"will be read in the future as much for its social history as its compelling story" (Tom De Haven, Entertainment Weekly ). Price's virtues are said to include his insights into urban decay and race, as well as his cinematic dialogue, acquired in his days as a screenwriter.
While conservatives bash Bulworth for its political correctness, The Nation likens it to Citizen Kane . "Like [Orson] Welles, [Warren] Beatty brings to this production a history of left-liberal politics and an admiration for black musicians," says Stuart Klawans.
Besting Rauschenberg and Matisse retrospectives, the museum's display of 114 motorcycles is the most attended exhibition in its history.
This "satisfyingly insiderish" (Alexandra Jacobs, Entertainment Weekly ) history of life in the Hamptons is being compared to John Berendt's Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil . Some critics relish the combination of eccentric real-life characters and celebrity dirty laundry.
They demanded that the plane be flown from Africa to Australia, purportedly "to make history," and refused to believe that there wasn't enough fuel on board to get there.
Analysts predicted that with its prestigious history and associated properties, the team might fetch at least $350 million, twice the previous record for a baseball franchise.
The combined entity, with more than $20 billion in equity and $270 billion in assets under management, will be the biggest securities firm in history.
The pessimistic view, based on Milosevic's history of deceit, is that he's only faking the retreat because he's on the verge of losing control.
Tara Lipinski, 14, became the youngest American figure-skating champion in history.
The district attorney concluded that "the wealthiest murder defendant in the history of the United States" (sorry, O.J.) has been brought to justice.
The Los Angeles Times emphasized that Riordan won support from almost every ethnic group (overcoming the city's reputation for racial conflict) and did better than any Republican candidate in the city's history.
The game's current stars declared Woods the best player in the world and possibly in history.
The game's current stars declared Woods the best player in the world and possibly in history.
The National Organization for Women and the New York Times denounced Clinton's lawyer for stooping to the old tactic of bringing up the accuser's sexual history.
National- and American-league baseball teams played regular-season games against each other for the first time in the sport's 120-year history.
The mission's official Web site has reportedly surpassed 100 million hits, making it one of the most popular sites in the history of the Internet.
Fans rated it the most disgusting offense in the history of sports, surpassing the outrages perpetrated by Roberto Alomar (spitting in an umpire's face), Dennis Rodman (kicking a cameraman in the groin), and others.
The mission's official Web site has reportedly surpassed 150 million hits in five days, making it the busiest site in the history of the Web.
This follows Cambodia's history of: 1) massive genocide; 2) a decade-long civil war; and 3) billions of dollars in foreign aid to restore democracy, which now seem to have been wasted.
Fans rated the bite the most disgusting offense in the history of sports.
President Ernesto Zedillo executed one of history's most impressive post-election spin jobs, portraying his party's defeat as proof of the climate of freedom and democracy he has fostered.
This follows Cambodia's history of: 1) massive genocide; 2) a decade-long civil war; and 3) billions of dollars in foreign aid to restore democracy, which now seem to have been wasted.
President Ernesto Zedillo executed one of history's most impressive post-election spin jobs, portraying his party's defeat as proof of the climate of freedom and democracy he has fostered.
Fans rated the bite the most disgusting offense in the history of sports.
This comes after: 1) fecal bacteria in beef distributed by Hudson's Nebraska plant sickened 17 people in Colorado; 2) the Department of Agriculture obliged Hudson to shut down the plant and undertake the biggest recall in meat history; and 3) investigators cited the plant for questionable record-keeping and safety practices.
It is the stiffest penalty for insubordination in sports history.
The Minnesota Vikings staged one of the greatest playoff comebacks in football history.
Everyone agreed he was one of history's worst butchers, having killed between one-fourth and one-seventh of Cambodia's population.
Gingrich said: 1) The Clinton administration is involved in the most "complex, interlocking lawbreaking" and "the most systematic, deliberate obstruction of justice [and] coverup" in U.S. history.
Retired Chicago electrician Frank Capaci won the $195 million Powerball lottery . It's the biggest lottery jackpot in world history, though after taxes it turns out to be just about $54 million.
Early speculation focused on Hartman's alleged affairs, his demanding career, and his wife's history of substance abuse.
It is the third biggest telecommunications merger in history.
2) Jana Novotna won the women's championship, overcoming her history of choking in the finals.
The Clinton campaign disputes the charge of "the largest tax increase in history."
Its lesbian/bisexual (we're never told which) female subject allows Shoes to tap wider contexts of discrimination: A male protagonist wouldn't have had her access to the history of discrimination in the work place; and an infusion of color (read: race) might have narrowed the canvas, making the problem seem less pervasive than it is.
Broadcast by the National Association of Manufacturers during the now-resolved debate over cutting federal taxes, this timely, pointed spot extends history's reach in an effort to push for the tax breaks favored by the NAM.
History is the more persuasive when the facts are blurred: Lost is the fact that JFK proposed to cut the top rate from 90 percent to 60 percent, whereas the '97 Republican bill reduced the capital-gains tax from 28 percent to 20 percent and even lower.
Star-Spangled Bonds ' America is involved, concerned, and while the spot does draw explicitly on the country's speckled history, it is careful to take the edge off.
A group of scholars known as "biblical minimalists" is claiming that the Good Book is thoroughly worthless as a historical document, and that all future efforts to reconstruct the early history of Israel must rely strictly on archaeology.
Not according to Nancy Shoemaker, an assistant professor of history at the University of Wisconsin at Eau-Claire.
Depicting four stages in primate evolution, the cover portrays drawings of a orangutan, a chimpanzee, a gorilla, and a generic-looking human male--who according to the image's archival history turns out to be African.
Khatami's huge mandate is a clear sign of the Iranian electorate's desire for change and may become a significant landmark in the country's history.
) Clinton is broaching the issue, says Susan Page ( Late Edition ), because he wants history to remember him as something other than the prez who coupled with Monica Lewinsky.
Sample sneer: After admitting that her hubby's strategizing may have kept Clinton from being ridden out of D.C. on a rail, Matalin predicts that "Someday, in the history book, you [Carville] will look back and rue the day that you helped wage this war the way you have."
The Times , incidentally, launched the most perverse Christmas charity appeal in history with an editorial asking for money to save the threatened Ethiopian wolf, which it said had fallen victim to "a rabies epidemic and canine distemper spread by the wild dogs used by the Oromo tribe for herding their cattle."
If Bill isn't among the best presidents of history, she, on the other hand, is among the best first ladies."
She preferred to skip the black pages in her history.
5 million at the Irish box office over the past three months, making it by far the biggest-earning film in Irish history.
But the "disinterested historian, reviewing the history of the mandate, must conclude that the diplomatic framework for Zionist state-building from Balfour to Bevin was, in large measure, a British construct.
Even so, it added, "The resurrection of an ancient people in its own land, following the destruction of a third of its number in the Holocaust, is unique in history and represents ample cause for celebration."
In a jubilee interview with the newspaper, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called Israel "the greatest success story of the 20 th century, and in many ways the greatest triumph of a people of all the nations of history."
But like the German newspaper Die Welt, which titled its editorial "An Historic Day," Le Monde said the compromise shouldn't overshadow history.
"If Clinton wants to avoid a nuclear catastrophe for the world and the dustbin of history for himself, he has no other choice," the paper said.
The paper also noted that Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi that he "may be one of the most globally criticised prime ministers in Japan's history."
In Rome, La Repubblica said in a front-page comment by Sandro Viola that "seldom in history has a country received from the same person so many reasons for hope and then so many afflictions as ...
' In light of U.S. history, such punishment is virtually a return to the lynching that was practised during the frontier development period."
The End of History
These, he explained, were a "constructive" editorial policy for the country in which the paper is located and an appreciation of history: "We are all moving towards what is in a sense the end of history, the fin de siècle , and I believe this is the right time to be alive.
These, he explained, were a "constructive" editorial policy for the country in which the paper is located and an appreciation of history: "We are all moving towards what is in a sense the end of history, the fin de siècle , and I believe this is the right time to be alive.
In other West European countries, most of the editorial comment concentrated on Kohl's place in history.
Candidates for citizenship must 1) be 18 or older; 2) have resided in the United States continuously for five years--or three years if married to a U.S. citizen--(short absences are OK); 3) demonstrate the ability to speak English, and a basic knowledge of American history and government (click here to see if you pass the test); and 4) be of "good moral character."
In May 1997, an INS audit of the 1.1 million people who were granted citizenship between September 1995 and September 1996 revealed 4,946 cases "in which criminal arrest should have disqualified an applicant or in which an applicant lied about his or her criminal history."
But the Dean does write, "Yale has a long history of working with students to accommodate their personal values, and we would happily explore accommodation in this case."
The LAT income piece focuses on the worsening numbers for the poor, while the NYT income lead emphasizes minority gains right from the headline and claims the reports reveal "the lowest black poverty rate in the country's history."
The paper describes the event as one of the largest gatherings ever in the nation's capital and one of the biggest religious gatherings in the nation's history, and says the crowd numbered "perhaps a half-million people."
It's a staple of the assassination attempt coverage to call this operation the worst blunder in Mossad's history.
The history of such handshakes suggests that such caution is not crazy.
USAT , the NYT and the WP note that GTE's move is the biggest cash offer in corporate history and that it sets up a fight for MCI between GTE and WorldCom, which two weeks ago made a $30 billion all-stock offer.
And the Los Angeles Times leads with Boeing's announcement of the largest loss in company history.
(Homework assignment: find a single front-page piece in the entire history of the NYT emphasizing Hitler's fondness for animals and children.)
Back to the stock market: Merrill Lynch's chief strategist tells the WSJ today, "I'm the lousiest market timer in the history of the world."
Everybody reports that when Jiang defended the suppression of the Tiananmen Square protests as necessary to preserving his country's stability, Clinton stated that on human rights, China is "on the wrong side of history."
Back to that LAT lead about health plan problems: One Californian who probably doesn't have these difficulties is Disney poohbah Michael Eisner, who, says the LAT in a nearby front-pager, yesterday had the single biggest executive payday in history when he exercised stock options bringing in $565 million.
The WP calls the Korean vote the most remarkable in the country's history, pointing out that upon his inauguration, Kim, 73, will take over a government that kidnapped and jailed him and repeatedly tried to kill him, once by planning to toss him off a ship at sea.
Clinton, the piece states, spent far more time raising money for his re-election than any other incumbent president in modern history.
He even guest-edited an issue of Vogue . He pronounces himself "always optimistic" (though if there's any person whom history should have taught not to be optimistic, surely it's the Dalai Lama).
In 1989, she made more magazine covers than anyone in history.
He conducted the longest filibuster in Senate history in a vain attempt to stop a civil-rights bill (one of many civil-rights laws he opposed).
The problem with this is that Messinger has a history of beliefs that look rather embarrassing in retrospect.
Carey's history is a bulwark against the recent charges.
Spencer's vitriolic, anti-press, anti-monarchy eulogy was wildly popular in the United Kingdom--it's been called "one of the most important speeches in recent British history" and reprinted by all the vile tabloids it denounces.
The eastern Pacific has heated faster this year than at any time in recorded history.
Music critics and the record-buying public, who don't agree about much, agree that Sinatra is the greatest popular singer in American history.
Last week's release of the group's new CD, Spiceworld , was the biggest album launch in British history (though sales were not as brisk as expected).
History tells us that the life of the average pop sensation is a mere 18 months: a meteoric rise to a brief and spectacular reign, followed by flameout.
Unless something goes horribly awry during December, the 1997 Jets will set a record for the biggest single-season improvement in NFL history.
In the entire history of the NFL, only Parcells and Don Shula have coached two different teams to the Super Bowl.
He made two of the greatest, if not the two greatest, movies in American history.
The Sun replied with one of the most famous editorials in American history: "Virginia, your little friends are wrong.
But while other people make headlines, he is making history.
(Piccard's family history is Exhibit No.
Besides introducing his resolution, Barr published a law-review article on the history of impeachment and Clinton's fitness for it, and wrote a glowing foreword to R. Emmett Tyrrell's The Impeachment of William Jefferson Clinton . Since Clinterngate broke, Barr has been Capitol Hill's hottest interview.
Professional soccer, a sport whose American history is an unbroken record of , has, at long last, found a happy home here.
Seagram stock, dragged down by Universal, is stagnating through the biggest bull market in history.
This year, with a virtually identical roster, Bird has coached Indiana to a 58-24 record--the best in the team's history.
He already has made the greatest political comeback in U.S. history.
All in all, it's a bad memory of a silly time in American history, a relic of a national embarrassment.
He lives quietly on a (well-armed) Los Angeles estate, eschewing parties for history books and his journal (author of three memoirs, he is an excellent, funny writer).
McCain benefits, too, from the general swoon about his history.
Rap has always been a commercial affair, and there is a long history of hip-hop entrepreneurs--Def Jam's Russell Simmons and Rick Rubin; Death Row's Suge Knight; Bad Boy's Puff Daddy, Master P's chief rival, to name a few--but there may not have been anyone with better business instincts than Master P.
Clearly, the unstylish, klutzy bookworm has existed throughout history.
Indeed, other European nations with similar histories of subjugation maintain similar words.
More easily, one can imagine nebbishes banding together to promote a nebbish agenda, kvetching that they are systematically discriminated against, demanding Nebbish Studies at universities, and complaining that history textbooks treat them as losers.
The Weinsteins' entry into movie making came at an ugly moment in cinema history.
But perhaps history is on the Weinsteins' side: It took jerks like the old-time moguls to bring film to maturity.
A Brief History of Taxes
"If I could talk face to face with the pilot who dropped the bomb," Kim said during her remarkable appearance in Washington, "I would tell him we cannot change history, but we should try to do good things for the present.
It has become a case of History Defiled.
Beds, chairs, and pews are where history rests its aging bottom in Washington.
Where does it rank in the Great Man Theory of Tour Bus History?
Indeed, as the capital ages, its history is increasingly becoming whatever associative past you can conjure up as ornament, reward, or weapon.
Quite a few supply-siders have created for themselves a wonderful alternative intellectual history in which John Maynard Keynes was a fraud, Paul Samuelson and even Milton Friedman are fools, and the true line of deep economic thought runs from Adam Smith through obscure turn-of-the-century Austrians straight to them.
That is why countries with a history of runaway inflation, like Argentina, often come to the conclusion that monetary independence is a poisoned chalice.
By establishing a fixed rate of exchange between currencies--or even adopting a common currency--nations can eliminate the uncertainties of fluctuating exchange rates; and a country with a history of irresponsible policies may be able to gain credibility by association.
Others are upset because a revision of recent price history would mean abandoning a worldview on which they have staked their reputations.
He takes a look at recent history and declares that something terrible has happened: Twenty million hot-dog jobs have been destroyed . When he looks deeper into the matter, he discovers that the output of hot dogs has actually risen 33 percent, yet employment has declined 33 percent.
For one thing, if for "hot dogs" you substitute "manufactures" and for "buns" you substitute "services," my story actually looks quite a lot like the history of the U.S. economy over the past generation.
Some of us did, in fact, know a little history.
Both logic and history tell us that when workers are very scarce and jobs very abundant, employers will start bidding against each other to attract workers, wages will begin rising rapidly, and real growth will give way to inflation.
Well, I could say that this bogus version of intellectual history has metastasized to the point where it may begin to do real harm--to discredit good economics and to promote dubious policies.
He argues that the theory of increasing returns is crucial to the case against Microsoft--which is true, although even so it is unclear why he couldn't just present the theory without the dubious intellectual history.
The end of the Cold War had inspired such upbeat visions as the inexorable triumph of liberal democracy (Francis Fukuyama's The End of History ) and the "New World Order" (global peace mediated by the United Nations).
Indeed, he sounds almost like a lefty relativist when he says we must accept "global multiculturality" and discard the "linear" view of history, which sees Western values as the inexorable fate of humankind.
But it is consistent with the history of the world.
According to the Guinness Book of World Records , the most prolific genetic replicator in the history of our species was the last Sharifian emperor of Morocco, who had 888 offspring.
In an essay in Natural History magazine, while dismissing evolutionary psychology as "pop science," he called my book The Moral
Gould's Natural History essay, in keeping with his long tradition of taking courageous political stands, argues against genocide.
There's a one-in-two chance that Bob's full sibling Bill has the same gene and, thus, that a successful rescue mission will pluck an otherwise doomed copy of the gene from the dustbin of history.
But now comes the horrifying prospect that Helms could actually play an important role in world history.
All told, the treaty is so much tougher than anything in the history of global arms control that to call it an important evolutionary step borders on understatement.
The basic flow of world history, as I'm not the first to note, is toward interdependence.
The original progressives chose to swim with this basic current of history.
But history has provided few candidates for that job.
If sexual conservatives could effectively advertise their histories, HIV-conscious suitors would compete to lavish them with attention.
I must be the person with the lowest metal content in the history of air travel.
Assuming regulatory control over the noxious weed for the first time in the agency's history, he defined tobacco as a "drug" and tobacco products (cigarettes, cigars, chew) as "drug-delivery devices" under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.
Various sections of the Post have improved since then--it has invested heavily in zoned suburban coverage, expanded its business page, improved the quality of its travel section, extended the heft of its sports coverage, experimented with an advertorial insert about consumer electronics, and added a monthly midbrow science/history section ("Horizon")--but it's taken no publishing risks.
HIV has a long history of laughing last.
Consider the history of the drug AZT, which has seesawed in the public perception from panacea to poison and back again.
King aside, what is most striking in current discussions of civil rights, race, and affirmative action is the absence of any sense of history.
King's real heirs are those who, like him, see affirmative action not as a panacea or an end in itself, but as one of many ways to reduce the gap between blacks and the rest of American society bequeathed to us by history.
On the mound, the Mariner's Big Unit, 6'-10" Randy Johnson, the tallest man ever to play in the majors, and the most proficient strikeout pitcher in history.
Sports pages and broadcasters across the country are still heralding McGwire's homer as one of the great feats in slugging history.
But what about the Army--the service most celebrated for its history of colorblindness?
When this bold figure of Ericson was unveiled in the 1960s, and later used in a U.S. postage-stamp design, it stood for the righting of one of history's great wrongs.
Inspired as these follies are, they pale before the state's most expensive boondoggle (and history's biggest bond default): the $26 billion WPPSS (Washington Public Power Supply System) cash-toss.
Art History
And we are confident that Slate's list contains more people who will make history in the next century than Newsweek 's list does.
Time 's mistake, we think, was its stinting view of history.
Technorealism will be seen by history as a tragic movement.
No doubt the frisson of history was a plus in Taylor's calculations, but only the call of duty--however unwelcome and however misheard--can really explain why he would even consider giving up what he had for what Starr was offering.
For a party that thought it was leading an unstoppable revolution less than two years ago, it can't be much fun to be saddled with an old gray mare of a presidential candidate like Dole, or to be faced with the possibility of losing control of Congress to an opposition they believe to be not just wrong, but on the wrong side of history.
Bill Bennett said a few days ago that a second Clinton term could produce "something like we went through in the Watergate era," adding, "I believe this administration is one of the most corrupt in recent American history."
"I mean, this is a potential abuse of the American system on behalf of an Indonesian billionaire in a way we have never seen in American history."
What is portentously called Clinton's "place in history" will probably depend less on his sounding like Václav Havel than on a bunch of quotidian issues--what he referred to dismissively in his prayer-breakfast speech as "balancing the budget and all that."
In addition to all the things we can't foresee, the historical verdict on Clinton will also hinge on such issues as whether he manages to steer welfare reform back in the right direction; whether he avoids being drawn into a counterproductive tax cut; and whether he overcomes his own recent history to lead campaign-finance reform.
Together we are going to make history as well as teach it."
In the first 25 years, he will write "a SerIEs oF booKs ('The history of Freedom, prosperity and safety')."
But history appears to have changed directions again.
"If you look at the history of the [law], it was intended to make it impossible for federal officials to extract payments from federal workers," he said.
Bennett, who had spent the weekend on Meet the Press and CNN's Late Edition making veiled and not-so-veiled threats to dredge up Paula Jones' sexual history (threats from which he backed off later in the week), was pushing a counterproductive tactic even further.
Wednesday, he went on Nightline , and maintained with a straight face that he never intended to drag in Jones' sexual history.
"If Congress enacts it in pretty much its current shape, I believe it will be the biggest step forward in public health with regard to tobacco in history," McPherson says.
The wrong done to slaves and their descendents is unique in American history.
There is, to be sure, a long history of discrimination against women, Hispanics, Chinese, and so on.
In fact, Brookings did commission a history for its 75 th anniversary in 1991.
Apple Jr. wrote a piece in GQ about Clinton's place in history.
There's a poignant moment in his mostly very dull book when, as his career is being torn apart by the House Ethics Committee investigation into his college course, he describes visiting one of his favorite places, the American Museum of Natural History in New York.
"Whenever I leave, whether six or eight or 20 years, I'm comfortable to allow history to speak," he said.
For Rorty to brush aside even these conflicts as the nuances of ancient history is both crude and an offense to those liberals who were on the right side.
Leaving with him, I fear, will be not only a chunk of postwar history but much of the enlightenment that remains in the lower chamber.
Second, unless young Draper is unlike any other lobbyist in history, he was exaggerating his ability to infiltrate the government.
This column, as my first in the Strange Bed, is free of history.
After all, she knew Clinton's history when she took her job then enabled Clinton's sleaziness anyway.
It must devastate Clinton--a president obsessed with his legacy--that his place in history is now secure: He's the reckless lech who ruined his presidency for a 22-year-old intern.
He is author of The End of History and the Last Man and Trust: The Social Virtues and the Creation of Prosperity .
Perhaps because we are nearing the end of a millennium, there seems to be a renewal of interest in theories of history.
We seek regularities in the long movements of history, trying to find our place in a bigger picture than the evening news and hoping to see what is coming next.
Three kinds of theories of history have been prominent in recent discussion--ending theories, wave theories, and cycle theories.
The most ambitious of the recent ending theories is the theory of the end of history, advanced by Francis Fukuyama, a member of this week's panel.
Thus, History goes A-B, A-B or A-B-C, A-B-C.
He finds in history long waves of inflation, each followed by a crisis followed by a period of equilibrium followed by another wave of inflation, and so on.
Cycle theories, unlike wave theories, suggest that the phases of history are of roughly similar duration.
Our panel to discuss the validity and implications of these and other theories of history will consist of the aforementioned Messrs.
Nowadays, though, more and more people grow up with no history of disease.
Perhaps way, way back in human history, when our forebears were still fleeing saber-toothed tigers, natural selection for athletic prowess came into play.
There went my theory that the book's sales (advertised as 800,000) reflected warehouse-size orders from the same cabal that inflated the numbers for Ancient Evenings , The Closing of the American Mind , A Brief History of Time , and many other supposed huge sellers that you've never actually seen outside a bookstore.
Information wanting to be free doesn't seem so appealing when it includes details about all your own flesh and frailties--credit history, shopping habits, records of where you've been, what you asked for, and what you took.
On any given day in America, there are three convicted adult criminals out on probation or parole for every one in prison--and many of these are indistinguishable (in terms of their violent and repeat criminal histories) from those who remain in prison.
Like the Holocaust for the Jews or slavery for African-Americans, the potato famine is the omnipresent, haunting presence in Irish history.
Pataki made this explicit at the bill's Albany signing ceremony: "History teaches us that the Great Hunger was not the result of a massive Irish crop failure, but rather a deliberate campaign by the British to deny the Irish people the food they needed to survive."
Granted, there exists, in the form of a rich language and history, what Huntington would call a "core Sinic civilization."
The Republic is probably the first place in history where an idea like that of Murray and Herrnstein's cognitive elite appears.
But the history of marriage and the state is more complicated than modern debaters imagine, as one of its scholars, Lawrence Stone, writes: "In the early Middle Ages all that marriage implied in the eyes of the laity seems to have been a private contract between two families.
Trophies of war--from helmets, bayonets, and other innocuous spoils to the grisly byproducts of dismemberment--have a long, if not proud, history.
These possibilities are raised by an article in the latest Journal of Economic Perspectives , and by a gloss that contemporary history suggests be put upon it.
Or, to put it another way, looked at from the perspective of time, stocks are simply nowhere near as risky as their rate of return compared with bonds would seem to indicate, at least so far in finance history.
And here, current history adds a major point.
In effect, Reich is saying that he's not writing journalism or history.
He elides the very distinction between history and myth, memoir and novel, reality and perception.
The problem is that those are real people he misquotes, real history he rewrites.
Steve Wasserman, a former Random House editor who now edits the Los Angeles Times Book Review , points out an irony: Books are often viewed as better sources for history than newspapers, but newspapers, which are generally much more careful than the average publishing house about such niceties as checking quotes, are often the more reliable source.
In a cruel reversal, it is the white guy, with no tradition to call his own, no history but one laden with guilt and apology, who is "truly disadvantaged."
Sure, whiteness studies, which might include everything from the history of Irish laborers to the folkways of suburban mallrats, is open to abuse, and therefore to ridicule.
Throughout most of history children were net assets--they toiled in the fields, mucked out the barn, and cared for their parents in old age.
So why should a boxer with manic-depressive illness--and a history of egregious conduct consistent with the disease--be licensed to fight without medical clearance?
Along and extraordinary history of speculation concerns the ultimate identity of the Jews.
First argued in 1974 by French thinker Marc Dem in his Les Juifs de L'espace , this thesis holds that Jews are ultimately space aliens, and that that explains their, um, difficult history.
Indeed, the cathartic opportunities presented by such images, whether sentimental or aesthetic, have a long history of overwhelming any questions of documentary value.
In his 1975 book, The First Casualty , Phillip Knightley examines this picture and its history at length.
(Click for more on Microsoft's history of borrowing.)
With the formula programmed into only their calculators, they could have ruled the emerging Chicago Board of Options Exchange, taking the money of the hapless traders who were still pricing based on history, rules of thumb, or their guts (a potentially substantial source of wisdom here in Chicago).
After one of the most extensive antitrust investigations in history (completed by the Justice Department when the FTC failed to issue a complaint), the government found only a single, rather picayune practice--the so-called "per processor" license--worthy of challenge.
Franklin is the Jackie Robinson of historians: the first black chair of an integrated history department and the first black president of the major American history associations.
Franklin is the Jackie Robinson of historians: the first black chair of an integrated history department and the first black president of the major American history associations.
On the contrary, his papers have fully cited the history of the field and made references to the previous papers, including those of Paul Krugman.
(For additional background on the history of "increasing returns" and Brian Arthur's standing in the field, click for David Warsh's July 3, 1994,
The pledge is the largest single gift in the college's history.
As Joseph Lelyveld, executive editor of The New York Times , recently told The New York Observer , "[I]t was always clear that given [Clinton's] alleged history, reckless philandering in the White House would be a story."
In his history of the Kennedy era, Richard Reeves writes that Kennedy, concerned that increasingly clamorous rumors of an affair with Monroe might actually make it into print, sent former journalist and Peace Corps official William Haddad to tell various publications that Kennedy himself said the stories weren't true.
There was a central charge in both the Los Angeles Times and American Spectator accounts that should have been a warning that Clinton's predilections weren't just history but also current events.
I apologize for having been, until recently, a staff writer for the American Spectator . I was the first conservative in human history to perform investigative journalism, yet I did not share the wealth with other conservative publications like the National Review and the Weekly Standard . From Bill Buckley and Bill Kristol, I beg forgiveness.
Six years ago, during his first successful presidential campaign, he discussed his dysfunctional family history during a televised interview.
"Bank of America is an important institution in our city--it has been so throughout the city's history," Brown said.
Uniquely in the history of Great Powers, the United States defines its greatness not as an ability to dominate others but as an ability to work with others in the interest of the international community.
"There's been a very long history in society of problems with alcohol."
Anecdotal support of Males' view is easy to find in Sydney Lewis' A Totally Alien Life-Form: Teenagers , an oral history of contemporary American adolescence.
To make sense of the shakier expertise both sides now confront, it helps to trace the history of child-care research through three unsettling waves during the past quarter century.
This expression appears occasionally throughout the history of inaugurals, but it has hit its stride in recent years.
Kennedy's trumpet call, "Ask not what your country can do for you: Ask what you can do for your country," has an ironic history.
In Clinton's first inaugural, the only allusion to the race problem is in this sentence: "From our revolution, the Civil War, to the Great Depression to the civil rights movement, our people have always mustered the determination to construct from these crises the pillars of our history."
How accommodating it is of history to have located the break-in of the Democratic National Committee in a building with a distinctive architectural style and name!
I suddenly had the thought that if I had been on a tour bus in Rome or Vienna, the guide would have called our attention to that fountain and explained its history, and we would all have marveled at it.
From the standpoint of human history, race is not the distinctive American condition--freedom and prosperity are.
It is the race problem--that tangled web of history, hostility, demands, frustrations, injustice, and lawlessness--that gets, and deserves, attention.
I can see many other examples of this in my eating history.
On the contrary, I think it is wonderful that people here should become so Americanized, so naturalized, that they come to admire and seek to identify with a history in which their families had no part.
(Grabbe's conspiracy-theory net is so wide that it encompasses Clinton's alleged cocaine habit, the "bombing" of Ron Brown's plane, Foster's espionage history, the machinations of Bert Lance, and the bribery of Mike Wallace.)
The Heaven's Gate Web site chronicles, if opaquely, the purported history of the group.
The page also features a condensed history of Beijing (disguised as a "Beijing Tour"), links to China's music, and a reader forum.
That might be more convincing had the word "allegiant" ever, in the history of the English language, been used in a sentence.
For a company whose history, from one angle, looks to be an almost uninterrupted record of malfeasance and incompetence, Lockheed has done rather well for itself.
At home, meanwhile, Lockheed was busy running up $2 billion in cost overruns on the C-5A Galaxy, the first real procurement scandal in defense-industry history.
But in this case it's impossible to resist, for in the word "fad" we have the entire history of Avis--and the recent history of U.S. business--summed up in just three letters.
But in this case it's impossible to resist, for in the word "fad" we have the entire history of Avis--and the recent history of U.S. business--summed up in just three letters.
What makes this history of front-office turmoil really notable is that it has been shaped, in truly uncanny fashion, by the prevailing currents of U.S. business ideology.
Fieldcrest Cannon's history suggests that, when it comes to keeping unions out of its plants, it's a firm believer in the Malcolm X approach--use any means necessary.
For most of this century, in fact, the history of unionism in the South was one of broken strikes, employer violence, and unkept promises.
That's because the history of Java since its introduction in May of 1995 is fundamentally one of cultural conflict, in which symbols and rhetoric have played as important a role as underlying technological differences.
And while the company's most important product of the late 1980s, the SPARCstation, featured a high-speed processor of Sun's own devising, throughout its history Sun has done an impressive job of keeping pace with technological change by refusing to remain locked into one vision of the future.
But, for the first time in history, there is now a relatively open market for oil.
Kodak's history in Japan is actually a complicated one.
Not that long ago, in a galaxy very, very close to home, the nation's third-largest toy company tied its fortunes to the most popular film series in history.
But soon after Hasbro acquired the company, it made one of the great blunders in the history of merchandising, forgoing its licensing fee to Lucasfilm because the sales of Star Wars toys were in a bad slump.
Still more perverse is that, even as the free-marketeers conclude that history is rendering its verdict on the Asian model of capitalism, they seem to forget that until the recent crisis they themselves took great pains to deny that such a model existed.
It's been a busy few weeks in the history of American kitsch.
And the Psychic Friends infomercials had been among the most popular in history.
In the history of tobacco litigation, only one plaintiff had ever been awarded any damages, and those were compensatory rather than punitive.
But what seems clear is that the desire to get a higher stock market valuation, combined with a history of refusing to defend itself honestly, pushed the tobacco industry to the negotiating table.
It's not just that, at least in the United States, there's no evidence that people prefer national banks to local ones (if anything, there's a long history of distrust of large banks).
In this moment of American triumphalism, it's hard to resist the temptation to rewrite recent history as the narrative of America's self-reliant, inevitable rise, and to see the future as the story of America's continued ascent into the higher reaches of the New Economy.
Public Health Service from 1932 to 1972, that study left 412 black syphilitic men untreated--even after penicillin became widely available--in an attempt to determine the natural history of syphilis.
Over 90 percent of suicide victims have a history of mental illness (most often depression) or substance abuse.
He had a history of foolhardy judgment that suggested he didn't fully comprehend death's finality.
Button's suicide also shows how, even in peculiar cases, the desire to die arises from one's individual history and psychology.
Gates calls the Windows-IE marriage the latest "incremental step" in Microsoft's "long history" of absorbing "separate offerings" (e.g.
Wright's successful petition to Clinton for a better grade became, in Dan Rather's words, an illustration of her "long, often unfriendly, history with Bill Clinton."
You'll go down in history as the President who couldn't keep his fly zipped up."
I won't let that woman wreck my marriage or rob my husband of the place he's earned in my heart, our daughter's heart or in American history."
Joseph McCarthy, for example, fabricated an entire heroic World War II history for himself as "Tail Gunner Joe."
Today, we can see Michael Jackson's ever more bleached complexion as a shorthand for pop's history: He's the first black singer to become his own white cover version--to start out as Little Richard and transmogrify into Pat Boone.
Most presidential elections in the republic's history have had specially commissioned themes: "Teddy, Come Back," "Wilson--That's All," "Franklin D. Roosevelt's Back Again," "Nixon's the One."
," a pop adaptation of the waltz that was a hit in the '50s for Della Reese [LINK TO AUDIO CLIP]and which contains one of the laziest filler couplets in lyric-writing history:
But sooner or later everything winds up in the ashtray of history and, 300 years after that first entry, it seems almost certain that the Cigarette Songbook has no new leaves to turn over.
I only had a very slight acquaintance with Merrill, but it seems a sad end for someone who wrote more determinedly happy songs than anyone in history.
If you want the entire history of pop music on one single--the tug between its highest aspirations and its basest instincts--Sinatra wrapped it up in 1951: on the B side, "I'm a Fool to Want You," an almost painfully exposed ballad that today ranks as one of his greatest recordings; but, on the A side ...
The USAT lead states that leaks indicate that in his deposition last Saturday, Clinton was asked detailed questions about his sexual history with at least four women, including one woman escorted by a state trooper to a rendezvous just days before he became president.
The USAT lead states that leaks indicate that in his deposition last Saturday, Clinton was asked detailed questions about his sexual history with at least four women, including one woman escorted by a state trooper to a rendezvous just days before he became president.
Because of that history, the American people have now given such matters much more thought.
On Sunday, the NYT used the Bill-Gates-pie-in-the-face incident as a springboard for a "Week in Review" thumbsucker about the history of food as a weapon.
But most special, however, was this passage: "A pie in the face, it's Soupy Sales stuff," said Andrew Smith, who teaches culinary history at the New School for Social Research."
Meanwhile, says the Post , his grand jury investigation focused on Monica Lewinsky's federal job history, with a potential wrangle over the possible invoking of executive privilege by certain senior Clinton aides still on hold.
What's next--a "Column One" about Leo Rosten and the history of "schmucko"?
The NYT lead quickly becomes a primer on the history of the relevant stock markets and the differences in mechanics and culture among them.
The Post notes that not too long ago, Bennett said one of the things he would not do in this trial would be go into Jones' sexual history.
..the world's suspicions about his truthfulness in many things will dog his place in history."
The piece is a thorough and fascinating history of the two companies' development of their Chinese markets in recent years.
Checchi's standard, says the Times , promises to lead to the most expensive state election in history.
What's more, outstanding home and auto loans to borrowers with lousy credit histories surpassed $300 billion this year.
The site is laced with trivia quizzes on world geography and history.
The paper quotes Gingrich's assessment of the Clinton administration as engaged in "the most systematic, deliberate obstruction of justice cover-up and effort to avoid the truth we have ever seen in American history, and the time has come to say to the president, 'Quit undermining the law in the United States.
The lawsuits, modeled on those successfully brought by several state governments in recent years, constitute, in the words of the LAT , a "major new assault" in what is already history's costliest collection of cases.
Earlier this week, the WP took a front-page look at the Pentagon's troubled and expensive history with anti-missile defense systems.
Daimler-Benz, the maker of Mercedes cars, will buy Chrysler for around $35 billion, making, says USAT and the NYT , the all-stock purchase the largest industrial merger in history.
It calls the move against Microsoft, "one of the sharpest legal attacks on big business in this century," and accompanies its lead with an interesting graphic depicting the relative market shares enjoyed by American history's other celebrated anti-trust targets, IBM, AT&T, and Standard Oil.
The case, says the paper, could result in the largest fine in EPA history.
Not if you think an art museum should be like a history museum, treating art as a cultural artifact that illustrates the story of a particular person, period, and place.
One early critic of this trend, Sherman Lee, then director of the Cleveland Museum of Art, complained 20 years ago that NEH "tends to lose sight of the fundamental purpose of an art exhibition, which is not to illustrate history but to allow an art work to be understood and enjoyed as a work of art."
Art history has flickered out, he says, and though art will continue to be made, each artist will follow his or her bliss, without any larger motive or connective scheme.
Walker makes History painting, that musty patriarchal fossil, seem like the most seditious and vital new idea of the 21 st century.
Still-life objects that have figured for centuries as reminders of mortality can take on new urgency under the pressure of history.
The year is 1964 and all seems well, notwithstanding the recent Great Famine, perhaps the most severe in human history and almost entirely Mao's fault.
Then Rothko made a decisive discovery, one of the turning points in the history of American art.
Bown, described in press materials as an independent scholar, has absorbed a vast history largely unreported outside the Soviet republics.
While inviting comparison with New York art during the 1950s, the show also insists on Monet's involvement with contemporary French history.
Licklider may be the most influential little-known person in the history of computer science.
Hafner, a contributing editor at Newsweek and co-author with John Markoff of Cyberpunk: Outlaws and Hackers on the Computer Frontier , and Lyon, her husband and an assistant to the president of the University of Texas, have written an epic technological history.
Perhaps the greatest mystery in the history of the Internet is one about which Hafner and Lyon never bother to speculate--how and why the Pentagon, at the height of the backlash against the Vietnam War, was persuaded to grant a bunch of longhaired, Tolkien-reading grad students huge sums of money, without insisting on oversight.
Given the whiteness of those images and the long history of denying intellectual aptitude to African-Americans, it's surely good news that in America today, the word "intellectual" is as likely to evoke Cornel West as Susan Sontag.
The decision is a reflection, I think, not of his catering to fashion, but of the problem facing anyone whose aim is to write the first full history of African-American intellectuals: namely, that since the first African-Americans were slaves introduced largely for manual labor, intellectual activity is naturally not a large part of their record.
Indeed, Banks has written a useful survey of African-American scholars and writers and the ways in which they have worked throughout the history of the republic.
"Is it still distinctive or is it now just Topeka with more fried food, road kill, heat and history?"
Throughout, he displays a deft and lively grasp of Southern history and letters, popular culture and cuisine.
The book is liberally seasoned with wordplay and typographical experiments (the words "eat fat" are always in capitals, with "FAT" printed directly under "EAT," so you can see how similar the two words are) and rhymes ("why this should be so at this moment in history is a mystery.
Light though the sketching is, the historical argument is almost the most objectionable thing about the book, since it involves a distortion of the history of First Amendment law that is fairly plain even to someone who is not a professor at Yale Law School.
Why does Fiss portray the history of First Amendment jurisprudence in this perverted way?
He thinks the NEA should subsidize art that will enhance the "robustness" of the debate and should therefore prefer unorthodox art--though only, of course, if it represents a viewpoint the endowment considers, by virtue of social need and a prior history of exclusion, worthy of its megaphone.
One thing that is plain from the brief unhappy history of campus speech codes is that you automatically raise the value of the speech you punish and depress the value of the speech you sponsor.
The two stories further illustrate the unease, even hostility, that blacks have tended to feel about their folklore, and about black history generally: In "That I Had the Wings," Riley, a young black boy Ellison uses in several stories, hates his Aunt Kate and wishes she "had died back in slavery times"; in "Flying Home," the black pilot who seeks escape hates the black farmer who rescued him after his crash.
The Didion protagonist is a woman adrift in history, her own and America's.
--a woman adrift in history, her own and America's.
Didion's parables about anomie in post-Kennedy-era America have implied that once history is forgotten, identity dissolves and conspiracy--and the suspicion of it--is the only guide.
Scrutinized from the ground, which is where the narrator and Elena McMahon are, this history is not as random as it might seem.
He will live into posterity on the strength of the five films he made with the great German director Werner Herzog, Fitzcarraldo and particularly Aguirre, Wrath of God ; his Aguirre, the languidly nihilistic martinet who leads an Amazon expedition toward nothingness, is one of the great human monsters in movie history.
That the radical enthusiasms of 1968 left no permanent political imprint upon the Western democracies is a conclusion that a simple electoral history of the ensuing decades, the decades of Reagan, Thatcher, and Kohl, would seem sufficient to prove.
If, as Steiner claims, the greatness of a culture rests upon traditions, upon history, then America must be found wanting.
For the rest of us, a translation: What those tired and huddled masses that wash up on America's shores are tired of, specifically, is history.
In time, sugar became "the first imported luxury to become a cheap daily necessity of the masses," and, along with tea and tobacco, it "probably provide[s] us with the first instance in history of the mass consumption of imported food staples."
No one who reads these chapters will scoop up another spoonful of sugar without reflecting on the history of ambivalence, global turmoil, and centuries of suffering needed to put it on the table.
Still, this is a book whose bibliography includes monographs entitled Private Tooth Decay as Public Economic Virtue and tomes such as The History and Social Influence of the Potato --so the rest of it is still loaded with nuggets worth finding.
2 billion on its investment, one of the biggest losses in industry history.
In the same way that he knows to unearth the outtakes of the Clinton film bio, The Man From Hope, to mine it for details about the Clintons' relationship, I thought surely he would start to read American history seriously, so as to be able to mine it for historical perspective.
(Review her book with a two-volume treatise on the history of manners by a famous Swiss sociologist?
For roughly 85 percent of life's 3.5 billion-year history, it was entirely made up of single-celled organisms, such as bacteria and algae.
And for this biographer, "one of the most tasteful campaigns in the history of modern American politics"--Eastwood's run, as a property-rights Republican, for mayor of Carmel, Calif.--was one in which the star likened a civic ordinance that would ban second kitchens to "Adolf Hitler knocking on your door."
Will history judge the hero of Richard Schickel's Boswellian tome as "ironic" and "postmodern"?
Maren shows how this previously underreported history set the stage for the 1992 famine and the subsequent ill-fated American military intervention.
Scalia also rightly rejects the use of "legislative history" (committee reports and floor debates) as a guide to divining lawmakers' intent.
(Scalia quotes Judge Harold Leventhal's quip that using legislative history is like looking over the heads at a cocktail party until you spot your friends.)
After a long history of libertarian ideas, he proposes a version of Murray's basic argument, which he calls the "nonagression axiom"--no one can use force against anyone else.
Oddly, Personal History largely echoes Carol Felsenthal's unauthorized biography, Power, Privilege, and the Post: The Katharine Graham Story-- oddly, because its publication in 1993 incensed the Graham family.
Graham's aptly named book crosscuts between the engrossing social history of her life and times--populated by the likes of Marie Curie, Edward Steichen, Auguste Rodin, Thomas Mann, Bernard Baruch, Walter Lippmann, FDR, Truman Capote, LBJ, Jessica Mitford, Scotty Reston, Emperor Hirohito, Bill and Babe Paley, and Richard Nixon--and her agonizing personal history.
Graham's aptly named book crosscuts between the engrossing social history of her life and times--populated by the likes of Marie Curie, Edward Steichen, Auguste Rodin, Thomas Mann, Bernard Baruch, Walter Lippmann, FDR, Truman Capote, LBJ, Jessica Mitford, Scotty Reston, Emperor Hirohito, Bill and Babe Paley, and Richard Nixon--and her agonizing personal history.
Personal History's false modesty begins to evaporate after Phil's suicide in 1963.
The roles he picked for himself were Dostoyevskian ones--the doppelgänger, playing unheeded guilty conscience to a modern Mephistopheles; the high-pitched prophet, trying to break what he saw as the "invincible ignorance" of a nation blinded to the "crisis of history" by its prosperity and misguided generous-mindedness.
For Hegel, history was a slaughter bench; for Chambers, it had become an emergency room.
The surrealist art world was like an opening onto a plane of reality that a middle-class unmarried son and brother, a commuter and breadwinner with solitary hobbies and an autodidact's knowledge of the history of theater, of opera, and of dance, might otherwise have never entered.
Not only can the devil cite scripture, but special pleaders can find in the open-textured words and often ambiguous history of these hastily drafted amendments almost anything they want to claim is the right (or left) approach.
On the question of whether the proposals of the truth school will denigrate other values more important than truth, we have a long history from which to learn.
Throughout our history, those who have sought the Holy Grail of truth have shown impatience with process.
He wrote kind reviews of books on Irish history and mythology by his friend Lady Gregory.
In this sober, incisive, and riveting book, a well-documented history rather than a novelistic evocation of the man himself, Roudinesco cannot conceal her dismay that Lacan was not better behaved, more temperate in his appetites, less baroque in his provocations.
Similarly, her title teases her readers, inviting us to draw parallels between her personal history and the story she tells in the novel, though she declines to supply the necessary details about her life.
Playful, ingenious revisions of orthodox history based on complex, covert affiliations and strange secret weapons are the master's trademark.
On the large stage of history, do these brave individuals shrink to statistical insignificance?
The stack before me now includes Theodore S. Hamerow's On the Road to the Wolf's Lair: German Resistance to Hitler (1997); Joachim Fest's Plotting Hitler's Death (1996); Nathan Stoltzfus' Resistance of the Heart: Intermarriage and the Rosenstrasse Protest in Nazi Germany (1996); and Peter Hoffmann's Stauffenberg: A Family History, 1905-1944 (1995).
History sometimes tells simple stories.
Hitler's death by his own hand cannot be counted as one of history's accidents.
Affirmative action, with its promise of government intervention to overcome the effects of discrimination, represented a willful refusal by blacks to accept "the main pattern of American history," the pattern of ever-expanding inclusiveness.
Multiculturalism is guilty of plenty of midsize wrongs, including bilingual instruction, which often keeps Spanish-speaking students locked in their own form of isolation, and the reduction of history to therapy, as Arthur Schlesinger put it.
In any case, as if still unsatisfied, around these tones Roth has orchestrated a still vaster range of side topics--ethnic sociology (Jews, blacks, Irish, WASPs, intermarriage), industrial history (glove-making craftsmanship and its decline, recounted at length), political debate (the crimes of Presidents Johnson and Nixon, the migraine rhetoric of Angela Davis), and more, some of it rendered with exquisite precision, which is fun to read.
Then he compounds his error by investing these background details with portentous meanings about America and its history, and he compounds the compound by overheating the plot (you will have to discover the details for yourself).
Peter Hoffmann has written good general histories of the resistance, but his Stauffenberg takes a new tack.
Conventional history can do nothing with Count Stauffenberg--this military aesthete who confused himself with a Holy Roman emperor and found reality in the musings of a visionary pederast.
History wants movements, tendencies, collective motion; Stauffenberg is merely Stauffenbergian.
Now--thanks to feminism, a general skepticism about the great man theory of history, and an even more general interest in the details of sexually adventurous lives--biographers are more likely to focus on women, less likely to care about their canonical status.
Soon she's writing "A Short History of the Slut."
And again: "Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean; it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves."
Well, maybe the sigh , but not the fact of history, as Walcott knows quite well.
The death of colonialism should be ranked among humanity's greatest accomplishments of the waning century, but the hard work was done at the end of World War II--an event that seems secure in its place in the history books even though Peter Jennings wasn't there to report it.
Thom touts her reliance on "oral histories of many founders and long-time staff members."
For the longest time, photography didn't have enough of a history to promote any fixed notions of what a picture should be or should show.
He inverts intellectual history, tracing 18 th -century European chimps' fascination with savage humans--Swift's Yahoos being a prime example--and the delusional arrogance with which "Western Civilization ...
In fact, the history of consulting is full of tales like these, showcasing the hubris, shortsightedness, and one-size-fits-all attitude of firms like McKinsey, Deloitte & Touche, and Andersen.
The history of management consulting, though, is more complex than these horror stories would suggest.
Unfortunately, little of this history makes its way into Dangerous Company , which is the first real study of consulting since business journalist Hal Higdon's 1969 work The Business Healers . Instead, the book is constructed--unintentionally or not--as a series of case studies that echo the teaching methods of Harvard Business School, prime consultant training ground.
American business, in fact, has a long history of bringing in outsiders to transform companies, though these outsiders haven't always been called consultants.
American history is widely interpreted as the pre-eminent refutation of Karl Marx's social and political theories.
Lacking a sizable middle class of farmers and shopkeepers (who would arrive only after World War I), and undergoing intense and rapid capitalist development, large portions of Colorado, Nevada, and Idaho became sharply polarized along class lines--"labor in one camp, the employers in another, no in-between camp, with government a football between the two," according to the final volume of John R. Commons and associates' venerable History of Labor in the United States .
célèbre populated by such larger-than-life characters as Haywood, Darrow, and McParland; all wrapped around a history lesson about the class bitterness of a century ago.
In this sense, Lukas' story may have been important as part of the struggle over the future of organized labor, but less so as a struggle over America's soul, at least when compared with the truly momentous Homestead and Pullman strikes of the 1890s, the Triangle Shirt Waist Co. fire of 1911, or any of the other more familiar set pieces of turn-of-the-century labor history.
Still, it is the rare author who can re-create, with so much passion and exactness, aspects of our history that most Americans would just as soon forget.
Stephan Thernstrom is professor of American history at Harvard University and Abigail Thernstrom, his wife a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute, a think tank.
Their book offers a history of black-white race relations since the late 19 th century; discusses racial controversies in a wide array of contexts (employment, housing, social-welfare programs, electoral politics, criminal justice); and prescribes a framework within which to fashion policy.
The critical moments in the history of those cities, he says, are the Los Angeles riots of 1965 and 1992; New York Mayor John Lindsay's attempt to forge a New Deal liberalism by expanding welfare and creating multicultural schools; New York's fiscal crisis; and the collapse of municipal service in Washington under Marion Barry.
There are three serious problems with his argument--first, an analysis that gives urban liberalism an unconvincing degree of importance in accounting for this decline; second, a methodology that picks out three cities that are not really representative; and third, an oddly unbalanced account of urban history that places ideologically motivated mayors, liberal intellectuals, and radical black activists center stage.
Moreover, Washington is never used in the urban literature as representative of anything other than itself--its history, governance, and economy are understood to be unique.
The remarkable fact is that his numbers have proven to be so robust and that the archive he assembled--of sexual history and sundry other material--remains unrivaled.
This is a man who, before he collected 18,000 sexual histories, spent 15 years collecting 300,000 gall wasps in order to argue, as he would again later, against the ontological reality of established taxonomic categories.
But, as the historian John Lukacs underscores in his study The Hitler of History , the Nazi dictator was not simply the century's most murderous tyrant; he was one of its most brilliant politicians.
In The Hitler of History , Lukacs adopts a more historiographical approach, examining, comparing, and correcting the interpretations of Hitler's biographers.
And yet, that shrewd critique of revisionism notwithstanding, Lukacs' own corrections to Hitler history are idiosyncratic and often wrong.
Indiana has composed not just an autopsy of Los Angeles trial spectacles but also a satire-before-the-fact of Dunne's novel--possibly the first such pre-emptive strike in literary history.
Still, Cassandra may be the most frustrating sibling in literary history.
How their dream cracked up, resulting in the pablum of today's PBS, and how PBS became Washington's most politically skittish organization, is the subject of James Ledbetter's brief history, Made Possible By ...
And when it stumbles onto a good subject for a series, like Ken Burns' history of baseball, it turns the show into a seminar on racism and labor relations, not the hit-and-run and the spitball.
All the records of life are there, the facts and figures and pocket histories, pointing up out of the ground, but what's buried there was never alive.
(He graduated from Oberlin College, was Ohio's first black lawyer, and would have been a familiar figure in the local history to which Morrison was exposed as a child.)
Morrison thickens the ambiguity by avoiding literal references to history and even physical descriptions that might fix characters in time and space.
The history is so little known--and so fascinating--it could easily have served as this novel's point of departure, or the spine of a novel all its own.
But I would love to see her talents turned to a cultural history of the eras and places she treats so compellingly in her novels.
Being a poem, it will want to escape these contradictions--to ignore them, to smooth them into plausible resolution or otherwise to smother the scandal of its roots in real history.
But the critique that follows is icy: We are warned that the poem admits to a sense of being "challenged or even edged aside by history" (it does no such thing), and that the title ("On First Looking Into Chapman's Homer") registers that "Keats felt he had come late to high culture."
But for historicism this is a poem that, in Motion's words, is "ambitious to transmute or escape history."
And history always seeps back in.
Historicism works on a moral hierarchy, in which political suffering is more important than metaphysical suffering or simply incorporates it, and in which "history" is more important than "time" or "life."
Pillar of Fire 's sprawl doesn't come from the kind of notebook-emptying self-indulgence that often clogs up journalistic histories.
Branch does place King at the center of his history, but Pillar of Fire is far too broad to be labeled a biography of one man.
People such as Johnson never imagined that history would remember them.
Cynthia Gorney's new history of the conflict over abortion could serve as an advertisement for an imperiled form of journalism: the long, meticulously researched narrative of ideas in which unglamorous noncelebrities drive the action.
It's not oral history; the author is there on every page, as enticed by vanity as any journalist is--maybe more so, because his is the kind of journalism that aspires most nakedly to the status of literature.
And when it comes to showing us the means by which everyday people are taken up by history, how they shape it and are in turn shaped by it, there is no genre more accommodating.
Gorney's setting is Missouri, which, as a microcosm for the history of abortion and the opposition to it over the last three decades, is an arbitrary choice; she seems to have chosen it mainly because her editors at the Washington Post sent her there in the late 1980s.
This is the kind of history that pro-lifers don't care to discuss, because it suggests the existence of a moral, as well as a political, dimension to abortion rights.
And pro-choicers are likely to ignore the abortion-abetting ministers because their own history of the movement puts feminist activists more or less alone on center stage.
Ajami, the author of The Arab Predicament , the classic 1981 intellectual history of modern Arab political thought, is probably the second most influential Arab-American public intellectual.
The investigation of former Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy was excessive, the campaign against former Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders was "cruelly unfair," and the Whitewater investigation--led by "a prominent Republican known for his animosity toward the president"--is, in the words of Arkansas journalist Gene Lyons, "the result of the nastiest and most successful political 'dirty tricks' campaign in recent American history."
History Lite
If you want your history books to be entertaining--full of anecdotes about the lives of the rich and the famous--Paul Johnson is the author for you.
A prolific British journalist-historian, Johnson is the author of many popular books, including Modern Times (1992) and A History of the Jews (1988), which explore the past in large sweeps.
While this ambitious and lengthy history of the American people gets bogged down here and there, it manages, for the most part, to move ahead at a lively pace.
When Johnson turns to the 19 th century, he continues to reward us with lively prose and well-crafted sketches of people--mostly presidents and big business leaders such as the steel magnate Andrew Carnegie and the banker J. Pierpont Morgan (this is decidedly a top-down history, in which the poor, labor union leaders, and minority groups receive far less attention than in most scholarly histories these days).
When Johnson turns to the 19 th century, he continues to reward us with lively prose and well-crafted sketches of people--mostly presidents and big business leaders such as the steel magnate Andrew Carnegie and the banker J. Pierpont Morgan (this is decidedly a top-down history, in which the poor, labor union leaders, and minority groups receive far less attention than in most scholarly histories these days).
Statements such as these add a great deal of spice to Johnson's ambitious History . No one can accuse him of waffling.
Popular history need not come at the expense of thoughtful reflection and serious research, but Johnson's zingers are too often substitutes for those qualities.
This is a pity, for his caustic tone and shallow glosses undermine what is a bold and worthy effort: to write a readable one-volume history of the American people.
(Click for her arbitrary, brilliant take on literary history.)
Stein's attempt to show otherwise is a landmark in literature, a unique episode in the history of thought.
Wilson provides superb overviews of Western intellectual history and of the current state of understanding in many academic disciplines.
The interest was passed on, and Horwitz's father, a physician, kept his son up late at night reading from the 10-volume Photographic History of the Civil War . By third grade, Horwitz fils was completing his own "highly derivative" history of the war and commencing a Sistine-scale project: a mural of the war, pro-Rebel in slant, that would soon cover every inch of attic wall space.
The interest was passed on, and Horwitz's father, a physician, kept his son up late at night reading from the 10-volume Photographic History of the Civil War . By third grade, Horwitz fils was completing his own "highly derivative" history of the war and commencing a Sistine-scale project: a mural of the war, pro-Rebel in slant, that would soon cover every inch of attic wall space.
One is a very bad book of social history, defined by Cohen's tendency to make up facts--"imagine" is his word--when he doesn't know something: "I do not know what [Yasha Katzenberg] looked like," he writes, "but I have tried to imagine him.
When Cohen is not "imagining" history, he rewrites other people's research, sometimes mangling quotes during his copying, as he did when he took a quote from a 1951 book, Murder, Inc.: The Story of "the Syndicate ," by , also about Jewish gangsters.
Cohen has written a book that he undoubtedly believes extols heroes and explains a suppressed bit of Jewish history, but what he has done is expose the architecture of his own pathology.
The presence of Bugsy Siegel and Kid Twist in our recent history does not mean we are a tough people.
Unfortunately, crude history will more likely reduce her to another role, as a pioneer of the he-said-she-said '90s.
"The whole history of Mexico, from the Conquest to the Revolution, can be regarded as a search for our own selves, which have been deformed or disguised by alien institutions," he wrote.
This is a poet's or a philosopher's approach to history that could fruitfully be applied to any country in the world.
That's one lesson of Hope in a Jar , a history of American beauty culture from the late-19 th to the mid-20 th century, a period when the pursuit of improved looks was transformed from a matter of folk recipes whispered from woman to woman to a multibillion dollar industry.
Walker and Annie Turnbo Malone, two of the best-known entrepreneurs in African-American history, were both daughters of slaves, orphaned as children, who began as purveyors of black women's hair potions.
Thirty years is less than the blink of an eye in human history.
He attacked the Los Angeles Police Department, the corporate boosters' whitewashing of city history, the absurd and isolating layout driven more by greed than geographical logic.
At one point Davis borrows Walter Benjamin's melancholy idea that history is a dialectical fairy tale--a bunch of contradictory stories people tell about themselves, "linked together by strange ironies."
A great mini-chapter on the history of Los Angeles floods shows how at a critical moment city authorities rejected the idea of zoning to avoid floods.
The ecosystem in the world that most resembles Los Angeles' is the Mediterranean, he tells us--and the best natural history of the ancient Mediterranean is found in the Bible.
World War II was over, Europe wanted to scrub off its history, and Berio and Penderecki, an Italian and a Pole, were two of the music world's most ruthless and effective slate-cleaners.
Berio, on the other hand, hasn't needed to rediscover history.
The pierced generation may simply be acknowledging the deadliness of the times we live in, suggestive as they are of earlier epochs in human history.
Many intense, solitary, and impassioned heroines of fiction and history, wearing black dresses in illustrative art, helped set the tone for hosts of modern temptresses in black.
Given the accumulated cultural force of its myriad uses in history, you might predict that the future of black clothing would be at least as long as its past.
Hair in historical movies is often the same, never mind the elaborately coiled and oiled evidence of history.
Ever since priests, scholars, and poets used writing to record Scripture, prayer law, and history both exalted and prosaic, reverence for canonical writings has lent an august power to written words themselves.
Popular fashion history claims that the Modern Woman was created when women gave up corsets.
During the 600 years when fashion developed its own history, both skirts and hair were considered immutable, even when fashion went to extremes.
He invented sfumato, inaugurated the High Renaissance, and created what is arguably the cleverest composition in the history of art, The Last Supper .
The casual visitor to the current exhibition of the Codex Leicester at the American Museum of Natural History in New York (through Jan.
But I am struck most by a commentary that appeared in the Mexican weekly Etcétera , under the byline Gilberto Guevara Niebla--no relation to Che himself, yet a figure of great importance in the revolutionary history of the 1960s.
Or last Sunday's New York Times Book Review , which concluded, "What is left is simply the man--a rebel who could not part with his dream, and who earned a place in history precisely because he refused to yield to it."
The films also build upon the long history of popular American support for Irish independence.
In fact, the big bang is probably the only idea in the history of science that was ever resisted because of its pro-God import.
"So long as the universe had a beginning, we could suppose it had a creator," Hawking wrote in A Brief History of Time . "But if the universe is completely self-contained, having no boundary or edge, it would have neither beginning or end: it would simply be.
Germany's uniquely anti-Semitic history had, in his view, made most of them "assenting mass executioners ...
-- Eric Hobsbawm, author of The Age of Extremes: A History of the World, 1914-1991
No serious student of history can afford to ignore these well-reasoned and withering reflections on the perils of pseudo-scholarship."
: The Final Solution in History
-- Pierre Vidal-Naquet, author of The Jews: History, Memory, and the Present
Birkelund distinguished professor of European history, Brown University
-- István Deák, author of Beyond Nationalism: A Social and Political History of the Habsburg Officer Corps, 1848-1918Back
Note 10: Among other things, they warn against the danger of removing the Holocaust from history and turning it into a sort of secular religion, the central symbol of Jewish identity.
This particular brand of sexual doublespeak has been remarked upon before, most famously by the late French historian Michel Foucault, who, in his History of Sexuality (published in English in 1978), put forth his unexpected "repressive hypothesis": Those supposedly tight-lipped Victorians, in the course of devising rules to regulate sex and the sciences that investigate its perversions, in fact talked and wrote more about sex than anyone before them.
It's understandable why this fantasy of flight would take root in black America, which, at numerous moments in its history, has been given reason to fear that conditions in the diaspora can never be improved.
This work was Parkes' magisterial Pause and Effect: An Introduction to the History of Punctuation in the West , a book that at last stripped the cloak of anonymity from the important work of commas, periods, dashes, colons, semicolons, and countless other full- and part-time functionaries.
This fall another noteworthy volume on the apparatus of written language has been published-- The Footnote: A Curious History , by the Princeton University historian Anthony Grafton.
(For examples, see the effective but very different techniques employed by Nicholson Baker in his novel The Mezzanine , and by David Foster Wallace in the novel Infinite Jest and in the essays collected in A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again .) On the other hand, the footnote as scholarly reference tool or scholarly reference weapon has never enjoyed more prominence than it does today--"each serious work of history," Grafton notes, "must now travel on an impregnably armored bottom, rather like a tank."
Ranke, with his avowed intention to show history wie es eigentlich gewesen --how it really was--and with his ambition to put the study of history on a scientific footing, doubtless had a more pervasive influence on the formal output of generations of historians.
Ranke, with his avowed intention to show history wie es eigentlich gewesen --how it really was--and with his ambition to put the study of history on a scientific footing, doubtless had a more pervasive influence on the formal output of generations of historians.
In Chajul, according to an article in the most recent issue of Natural History magazine, evangelico missionaries have made deep inroads at the expense of Roman Catholicism, as they have elsewhere in Latin America.
If enforced, the Plain Language Initiative would create a Year 2002 Problem of surpassing magnitude--a revisionist enterprise unprecedented in our history.
In fact, The Fifth Element , at a reported cost of 90 million (dollars, not francs), is the most expensive French-financed film in history.
She seems to have confused James' irony with distance--when, in truth, few authors in history have achieved such pitiless and devastating intimacy.
I recount Beatty's history in this gossipy way to suggest why his latest movie, Bulworth , has been praised as such a radical departure for its star-director and why, in some ways, it is.
If La Cenerentola --Rossini's version of the Cinderella story--has made it to the Met for the first time in the company's history, it is only because Bartoli brought it there.
All things nuptial are at your fingertips, from the history of marriage to methods for entertaining your guests at a shower and software that writes pithy wedding toasts.
What if this "friend" then uses these tapes to put you in the international spotlight, facing federal criminal charges, as well as ensuring your place in the history books as the penultimate stupid bimbo?
No, I mean all my thoughts, the flashes of what's going through my life, the whole family history ...
would shame many a river with a big nameinscribed on space shots, with a history, with
When Williams addresses the child as his noble patron ("my Lord") and alludes to the old myth of the tortoise that supports the universe, he slyly introduces the underlying weight of civilization and history into the interchange between him and the child.
On my way out of town, I drive through a fold in time,a tunnel through the history of shopping:boarded-up storefronts on the narrow commercial streets,the old strips and plazas with a muffler shop or a chicken fryer left,and larger sites--a five-and-dime blown out into a warehouse,fast-food shops, all local chains now,with their scratchy speakers and pot-holed drive-thru lanes;then the first real malls, big as aircraft carriers, low and blocky,their outlying coffee shops and two-screen theaters like escorts;at last a quieting stretch, the freeway growing wallsand the walled tracts all around nestled in their names--The Willows, Hunt Club Crossing, Hidden Acres--their malls planted, soft-colored, smoothly designed,broad single lumps surrounded by asphalt prairie,distant and unobtrusive as buttes.
Franklin does have a history of confessing to crimes all over the country.
The closing statement says that one of the central characters, Archie, Wallace's black servant, "was created to reflect a viewpoint concerning this turbulent period of American history."
Though rooted in history, its portrayal of Johnson fits into the great Hollywood tradition of dramatic enhancement.
Though he may have been overlooked in white newspapers of the time and in subsequent histories of the era, Johnson was certainly notorious.
He trained more fanatically than anyone in the history of martial arts, mastering grappling, boxing, karate, kickboxing, footfighting, and other styles.
But to trace the lineage of Raising the Roof, one must understand the history of the sports gesture itself.
The Mavericks, in Music for All Occasions (MCA), clearly possess enough knowledge of country's history to feel ambivalent toward it; but it's such a high-functioning bar band that it can't be alternative.
In other shots, Indians with raised tomahawks and spears give rise to a nervous wall panel at the ICP assuring us that Levinthal is "mindful of real history," and that his work somehow "prompts the viewer's recollections of our forefathers' injustices: cultural expansionism, genocide and racism."
Far from being a documentarian, Brady considered himself an artist, and his images, in the jargon of current art history, were highly "constructed."
We may also know something about how history was rewritten wholesale in the Soviet Union during those years--how the facts concerning the October Revolution were successively recast as key figures fell from favor, how the existence of Leon Trotsky was first reviled and then denied after he was forced into exile in 1927, how even such things as the invention of electric light were reattributed to Russians in the textbooks (an astonishing number of scientific breakthroughs were allegedly the work of one Popov).
The second is a version printed in a 1940 History of the USSR , looking less like a photograph than like an awkward charcoal tracing; the comrade on the left has been excised, having in fact been imprisoned prior to being shot.
In his opening remarks for Eyes of the Nation: A Visual History of the United States , Librarian of Congress James H. Billington strikes a fondly nationalistic note: "What makes the American narrative unique is the ability we have displayed time and again to remedy our mistakes, to adjust to changing circumstances, to debate and then move on in directions that seem better for all."
Though it resembles a standard high-school history text, with chapters on the Civil War, immigration, imperial expansion, and so on, Eyes of the Nation is a book one flips through, not a book one views and reads in sequence.
Brinkley, a highly class-conscious historian, is better at robber barons, depressions, strikes, and grass-roots politics than at wars and natural history.
And though hindsight sometimes breeds determinism, Brinkley is alert to alternative histories and paths just barely not taken.
The book concludes in orthodox multiculturalism and a surprisingly bitter estimate of America's democratic potential: "America approached the century's end as fractured along social, racial, ethnic, economic, gender, and regional lines as it had been in all but a few moments in its history; with a culture so diverse and so contentious that it seemed to lack any coherence or shape; with declining faith in its government, its leaders, and its principal institutions."
Paul Strand (1890-1976) enjoyed a long and prolific career spanning what amounts to five or six generations in the compressed history of 20 th century photography.
Starting in August, a $300 million advertising campaign will show jet pilots breaking the sound barrier--and then being magically transported to their bathrooms, where they'll enjoy the quickest, slickest shave in history.
He's won more money on the PGA Tour than anyone else in history, yet he will go down in history as a man of extraordinary misfortune--not so much a failure as a fatality, a victim of golf's surgical ability to bring to the surface a man's mental weakness.
He's won more money on the PGA Tour than anyone else in history, yet he will go down in history as a man of extraordinary misfortune--not so much a failure as a fatality, a victim of golf's surgical ability to bring to the surface a man's mental weakness.
The British Open has a longer history and the Masters is more familiar--it's played on the same course every year, and some of us can recite the yardage from tee to green on the back nine--but the U.S.
So far as I can tell, the trend was set in motion a decade or so ago when Arianna Stassinopoulos Huffington published her sexual history of Picasso.
There is history here, of all sorts: Kelly Harrell impersonating Charles Guiteau, President Garfield's assassin; the Carolina Tar Heels voicing the lament of shoemakers made redundant by the Industrial Revolution; Charlie Poole singing, "Roosevelt in the White House, he's doing his best; McKinley in the graveyard, he's taking his rest."
At what point, and how, should one tell one's new boyfriend about one's medical history?
(And it's not the history you may think.)
Thus, I consider myself part of the constants of history, not part of an evolutionary trend.
I am 25 and have one criminal conviction for hacking, a bad credit history, and some failed personal and professional relationships.
You might, however, have a problem with the conviction and the credit history.
The shock was so great she found herself downing too much white wine (this was at lunch) as an antiseptic, since Prudie did not know the gentleman nearly well enough to be familiar with his health history.
Prudie isn't sure how to square your complaints with all the news stories about grade inflation and college-level courses such as "The Structure of the Soap Opera" and "The History of Beads."
May I suggest you take your finger off the button, calm down, and review the history of Vancouver's 10 year experiment doing just such a thing.
"The Smithsonian Natural History Web" (page down two or three times)
"National Museum of Natural History" (first link)
Many people refuse to accept James Earl Ray's guilt (or Lee Harvey Oswald's in JFK's assassination) because they can't accept that one insignificant lowlife could topple a hero and alter history.
With their grand designs in which everything has its place, conspiracists seek to impose a reassuring order on the randomness of history.
History is a conspiracy."
The histories conspiracists concoct are convoluted--counterhistories full of strange codes and logic through which factual history can be glimpsed as in a fun-house mirror.
The histories conspiracists concoct are convoluted--counterhistories full of strange codes and logic through which factual history can be glimpsed as in a fun-house mirror.
History teaches few practical lessons, but here it may have a small one to offer: Larry Cockell, call your agent.
Why History Is on Clinton's Side in the Impeachment Fight
This leaves history as our only guide.
In this situation, Johnson's impeachment looms as the operative precedent: a case of men who despised and battled their president--perhaps with good reason--but whose zeal in pursuing flimsy impeachment charges turned the judgment of history against them.
To understand why Orwell did what he did, it's necessary to reconstruct a bit of history.
Nearly 4,000 people a day are paying an obscene $12 per head to see the shimmering machines, making it by far the best-attended show in the Guggenheim's history.
But in doing so, he more or less eviscerates his own claim that these machines belong in a modern art museum, as opposed to one focused on design, transportation, or history.
But even in Italy, Germany, and Britain, countries with long histories of public subsidy for culture, government support has recently drawn public fire.
Nathan Myhrvold needs to reread his scientific history ("Mars to Humanity: Get Over Yourself").
Jodie T. Allen's article titled "The Biggest Tax Increase in History" repeats, without challenging, Susan Molinari's claim that government takes in 40 percent of the GDP in taxes.
I mention this history, rather than dueling with Sedlak and Broadhurst's statistics, because I think that it exemplifies their selective presentation of information.
This was supposed to guarantee Republican presidential supremacy forever--or at least until the name "Ronald Reagan" had slipped into the wells of history.
It is also clear that the motivation behind such legislation is a reaction to "multiculturalism" and the history of European brutality toward non-Christian, non-European peoples.
I object, however, to Foer's characterization of both the famine and the current vogue of Irish-American identification with Irish history and culture.
Unfortunately, Foer's apparent ignorance of Irish history goes deeper still.
The historic policies of the English crown, and later, the British government, turned a crop failure into one of modern history's most tragic episodes.
If Irish-Americans tend to have a superficial understanding of their own history, and to focus on the positive aspects of their culture to the exclusion of less admirable parts, this only proves that they are human, and as prone to historical myopia as Anglophiles or Afrocentrists.
She characterizes Chambers as a Dostoyevskian figure, "trying to break what he saw as the 'invincible ignorance' of a nation blinded to the 'crisis of history' by its prosperity and misguided generous-mindedness."
In addition, what Landsburg didn't say is that no society in human history has ever sustained very rapid economic growth for 100 years.
In addition to his simplistic model and the sheer arrogance of his prose, Landsburg spews anti-conservationist nonsense that demonstrates a total ignorance of history.
I'd bet that each famine-wracked region in history had at least one person like Landsburg who had been predicting 2 percent economic growth for centuries and ridiculing anyone who tried to consider the consequences of their actions.
I enjoyed the Committee of Correspondence discussion "Cycles, Waves, and Endings in History," and I agree with those who say that the generational conflict is driving electoral politics and policy-making.
"Bra Story," by Anne Hollander, was a great contribution to the recent surge in chronicling the history of the unleashing of the female form in the 20 th century.
As far as I can judge, Martin has no liking for these revolting characters, nor for the regime they represented, which was the most disastrous social experiment in history.
And finally, the idea that the editors could have spared her the injury of having to read Stein's piece had they listed it under the title of "Diary" takes the prize for "most ludicrous statement thus far expressed in the history of Slate's publication."
To blur those distinctions is to distort history far more than a mildly conservative magazine, or a lukewarm "conservative" party, is likely to do.
Diggins forgets, in his discompassionate and deluded rewriting of history, that Lincoln was no NAACP poster boy himself.
He defended Israel when it was in the greatest danger of its history, in 1973, and the Israelis regarded him as their friend.
In "A Brief History of Taxes," the chart she runs with her diatribe against supply-side economics is worthless, as even Paul Krugman would advise, because it accounts for neither the efficiency of the market in discounting changes in tax law throughout the legislative process, nor the volatility of monetary policy during the last 30 years of a floating dollar.
Jodie T. Allen's "A Brief History of Taxes" was indeed brief, though perhaps appropriately so, given the very narrow focus of her argument.
You will go down in history as one of the first and best attempts to use the Internet to spread intellectual debate and well-written articles on politics and culture.
The history of the 20 th century certainly justifies this fear, but the fact that even Liu accepts Abrams' false premise shows how confused many are on this subject.
But Safire knew better than to fight the tides of history and included the word in his political dictionary, lest that weighty tome prove useless to future generations.
It astonishes me that so many of the bright people in Silicon Valley are capable of understanding things like quantum tunneling and Boolean algebra but are incapable of understanding history or the future.
To Finkelstein, anyone who views German anti-Semitism as in any way significant to the history of National Socialism is an accomplice of Goldhagen.
You'll learn lots of things you hadn't known, you'll think about makeup in a new way, and you'll be spared the ranting about the evils of consumerism that so often accompanies social histories of women, beauty, and fashion.
In his piece "Microsuits," Jacob Weisberg shows he knows more about current politics than about legal history.
Of course, the fact that state prosecutions have a long history does not mean they are desirable.
-- Andrew Wender Cohen Legal history fellowUniversity of Wisconsin-Madison
His private life is characterized by an enduring, 54 year relationship with his wife, an extremely close relationship to his children, and a preference for studying history and writing (which Plotz admits he does very well).
However, even the merest glance at the history books will reveal that Talbott's dominate-but-cooperate scenario has been played out over hundreds of years: The wars were always the exceptions.
Really, we already reward the president for doing a good job--we reserve a place for him in history.
about art and art history to be able to appreciate a painter like Rothko?
The gist of the coverage was that Saramago, a Portuguese novelist known for his playful excavations of Iberian history, is the real thing , an inheritor of the majestic European literary tradition and the last best hope for the serious novel.
His two most Borgesian works are The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis (1984), an hommage to the great Portuguese poet Fernando Pessoa, and The History of the Siege of Lisbon (1989), in which a proofreader inserts a single word--"not"--into a single sentence in a book he's checking, thereby questioning every celebrated theme of Portuguese history.
His two most Borgesian works are The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis (1984), an hommage to the great Portuguese poet Fernando Pessoa, and The History of the Siege of Lisbon (1989), in which a proofreader inserts a single word--"not"--into a single sentence in a book he's checking, thereby questioning every celebrated theme of Portuguese history.
As much as they are about people, Year of the Death and History are about writing and what it can and cannot do.
Conventional literary history says that the novel came into its own in the 18 th century, alongside individual rights and a modern conception of marriage.
But he is a most modest militant: At this point in history, he said, communism is essentially a "spiritual state," a compassionate safeguard against the built-in injustice of capitalism.
His characters don't have cousins and neighbors and colorful, labyrinthine histories.
There's a revealing moment in The History of the Siege of Lisbon , when the shy proofreader hero, a bachelor in his 50s, is working at home.
To professor of history Sean Wilentz, writing in Dissent , the best Dylan song of the 1980s was the unreleased (until 1991) "Blind Willie McTell."
Critics are legitimately fascinated with this concert, which occurred at a crucial moment both in Dylan's career and in American cultural history.
"History is offering Sharon a one-time-only chance to record to his credit the political step so needed by his country," it said.
In his new book, The Good Citizen: A History of American Civic Life , Michael Schudson divides American history into three periods, each governed by a different notion of civic participation.
In his new book, The Good Citizen: A History of American Civic Life , Michael Schudson divides American history into three periods, each governed by a different notion of civic participation.
(For more on the confusing history of U.S. parties, click .) The problem was that each party had different ideas about what the common good entailed: For the Federalists it meant a strong central government, an expanding economy, and the stewardship of an elite ruling class.
One of the great forgotten figures of American history, Van Buren pioneered party discipline as a way to muster the strength of numbers against the entrenched closed-door aristocracy, transforming state and later national politics.
If you didn't click the sidebars in the text and would like a brief reminder of the tangled history of U.S. political parties--and the enduring differences between them--click and .
I personally own it on two different collections, one a five volume collection of all known Basement Tapes recordings titled The Genuine Basement Tapes (the history of which is detailed by Clinton Heylin in his book Bootleg ) as well as a bootleg greatest hits collection called The Genuine Bootleg Series, Take 2 . I live in Kansas, the middle of the Midwest, and these CDs were easy to find in local stores.
The editor of The New Yorker takes on one of the most written-about sports figures in American history and "succeeds, more than any previous book, in bringing Ali into focus" (Allen Barra, the Wall Street Journal ). Critics lavish praise on Remnick, not just for his analysis of Ali but because he is said to have brilliantly invoked the complex intersection of boxing and race relations in the 1960s.
He'd better brush up on history as well as geography.
Chuck Schumer is either 1) the "dirtiest" or 2) the "ugliest" campaign in New York's history.
Greenberg liked Pollock because of the evidence he provided for Greenberg's Marxian view of art history as a series of developing stages in which the picture plane was destined to flatten, empty, and disappear.
It's certainly unexplored in American History X , in which Edward Norton plays a racist, homicidal skinhead who's never more mythically transfixing than in the seconds before he stomps on the neck of a prone African-American car thief.
Some of American History X is sharp, red-meat melodrama, with sensational acting and scenes of violence at once thrillingly kinetic and revolting.
American History X reaches a pinnacle of ghastliness when Cameron sends Derek and his fellow skinheads into a Korean-purchased supermarket, the new owner of which has allegedly replaced "real Americans" with cheap, illegal immigrant labor.
I don't know what he originally had in mind--or whose idea the garish, inconclusive ending was--but American History X isn't that bad.
Here the context is the history of the New York Police and Fire departments, organizations traditionally short on anti-racist parodists, and the commissioners of both bodies gave these guys the boot.
American History X
However, even a minute understanding of Jeffersonian history would inform Noah that scholars for decades have considered the inconsistencies among Jefferson's statements and actions a hot topic for study.
Your inaccurate presentation of history is dangerous.
The Independent shouted, "Clinton: 'We turned tide of history,' " while the liberal Guardian confined the story to Page 2 under the headline "Clinton hails 'vindication.
Movie -- American History X ;
The American president has two years to create for himself a place in the history books other than that of a debauchee who was lucky to reign over a period of prosperity," Le Figaro said.
With the exception of Viagra (with projected first year returns of up to $1 billion, the most successful drug rollout in history), men have been a harder sell than women, who buy 60 percent of the top three anti-smoking drugs.
It spends three paragraphs pondering German history, four describing the intelligent Mr. Hitler's book, and ends with a complaint about his dislike of the Jews, which the reviewer regards as a flaw in an otherwise impressive list of accomplishments.
Movie -- American History X ;
Reviews of this book of three essays on the history and current state of black townships in Florida are positive, though each is dotted with a few quibbles.
Movie -- American History X ;
In 1974, the radical historian Eugene Genovese (who has since become a Catholic conservative) published Roll, Jordan, Roll: The World the Slaves Made . Now a staple in college history courses, Roll, Jordan, Roll painted a picture of slaves not as mere victims of oppression but as creators of a vibrant life.
It also published a long article on the new Paris Museum of the Art and History of Judaism, "which finally makes the Jewish cultural heritage enter into the collective French memory."
The editorial says the Iraq bombing proves America's strength, not its weakness: "In the middle of the greatest political excruciation in its modern history, the United States is doing the noble and necessary thing."
Americans mock the Frogs because we envy their intellectual arrogance, history, and glamour.
This film about a man reincarnated as a snowman so that he may comfort his grieving son is said to be "treacly and fake" (Gleiberman, Entertainment Weekly ). The animatronic snowman (with Michael Keaton's voice) looks like a "large, wisecracking marshmallow man" (the New York Times ) and is described by Ebert as "the most repulsive single creature in the history of special effects."
The real-life Cahill, who thrived in Dublin in the '80s and was gunned down in 1994, was the most legendary criminal in modern Irish history.
The editorial declares that "History will smile on these Republicans; they may never live a nobler moment."
The editorial says the Iraq bombing proves America's strength, not its weakness: "In the middle of the greatest political excruciation in its modern history, the United States is doing the noble and necessary thing."
Events have unfolded so rapidly since this question was posted last Thursday that it's difficult to distinguish the smelly from the lethargic, the lethargic from the incoherent, the incoherent from Henry Hyde's Holocaust history.
Myths of History
The story of the mountaintop where outnumbered Jewish rebels are said to have committed suicide rather than give in to a Roman siege--chronicled by first century historian Flavius Josephus--has been a part of popular Jewish history for centuries; the site is now one of Israel's most heavily visited tourist attractions.
The Modern Language Association has commissioned a documentary on the history of oral performance, from Homer to poetry slams--raucous readings in which the quality of poems is judged by the ferocity of audience response.
Raves for this biopic of infamous Irish thief Martin Cahill ("The General"): It "belongs on a long list of history's best gangster movies" (Mike Clark, USA Today ). John Boorman won Best Director at Cannes for the film.
Or as Bob Livingston explains it, my history of adultery is only human (more human than that of those unsinning prigs, my critics), and I confessed to everything the moment I was sure I'd been found out (unlike our perjuring, porcine president).
H astert may be Exhibit 1. "Coach," as he's fondly known, has a history of modest service to his party and his district, delivering pork, opposing Democratic health-care bills, etc.
Hastert won't cripple the party with a too-big mouth and too-big ideas, as Newt Gingrich did, and he won't cripple it with an embarrassing history, as Livingston did.
Reagan and Clinton both are among the great bullshitters of American history, but somehow Reagan was always regarded as floating above the truth while Clinton is regarded as wallowing beneath it.
But this caveat has a countercaveat: The prospect of future punishments gives you an incentive to investigate the corporation's history before you buy, which improves the chance that bad behavior can be uncovered while the actual perpetrators can still be punished.
Consumers can quite reasonably argue that history can't be changed and so is best forgotten.
McCain, who is running for president and has his own shaky marital history, has assiduously ducked comment.
"A moment of history to connect Andrew (1868) with Strom (96)," was what it said.
And anyone with an interest in the history of economic thought will find the tale of how Keynes gradually, painfully arrived at his ideas--and of how his emerging vision clashed with rival schools of thought--fascinating.
Literary insights are to be found in other writing--criticism, theory, philosophy, art history, and the artist's own writing.
The most acclaimed and second highest grossing film of 1998 (just behind Armageddon ) was Saving Private Ryan . Though Steven Spielberg's film is fiction and Brokaw's book is something akin to oral history, they have in common a fashionable theme: the nobility of those who served in the armed forces during World War II and, by extension, Americans of that age in general.
But attempts to explain history in terms of common traits already possessed by the peer groups that confronted these events are seldom illuminating.
It does sound bad, especially given the 2,000 year history of Jewish persecution by cranky Christians.
Darby put his eyes too close to the Scripture pages and decided that history, past and future, was a series of "dispensations": divinely ordained historical epochs in which the Chosen People had been and would be tested and found wanting by God, always leading to the next dispensation.
But throughout history, others haven't seen it that way, and past nominees for the Antichrist have included Nero, Napoleon, Hitler, and good ol' Mikhail Gorbachev, with his "mark of the beast" forehead.
We both graduated together with the same major: art history.
Pans for director Sidney Lumet's remake of a 1980 John Cassavetes film about a tough moll whose heart gets melted by a youngster who falls into her charge: "Easily qualifies as the most tired, unexciting mob movie in recent history" (Godfrey Cheshire, Daily Variety ). Of Sharon Stone as the title character, played by Gena Rowlands in the original, Jack Mathews says: "It's not so much a bad performance as an unnecessary one.
One is precedent: "Never in the history of impeachment in the United States Senate has a trial been dismissed."
Assistant professor of history
In honor of Black History Month, Slate is proud to present a few of these pieces, most of which have only been available to subscribers.
For more articles from Slate in honor of Black History Month, check out:
"It is that kind of openness and adherence to legality that has given the Hashemites their leading role in history," Abu-Libdeh wrote.
In an article last week for Cambio of Bogotá, Colombia, reprinted in English translation Saturday by the Guardian of London, the writer Gabriel García Márquez praised Clinton for his "intellectual brilliance" and lamented that "this exceptionally human man should have his place in history distorted because he couldn't find a secluded place in which to make love."
It was a scene like none other in the history of their relationship."
House prosecutor James Rogan, R-Calif., says the Senate must call witnesses "if they're going to have a verdict that will withstand the test of history."
Hollywood figures concocted shallow theories for this revival: 1) Americans want to learn from history; 2) we want to understand the century because it's now ending; 3) boomer filmmakers are revisiting the great world events of their childhood; and 4) they're visiting the war because they didn't fight it.
Can David Plotz (and everyone at  Slate ) please refrain from speaking on behalf of History?
In his Feb. 3 "" from the Clinton trial, he writes, "History and the American people have already rendered their verdict."
Sorry to be picky, but when precisely did Mr. Plotz speak to History?
Is Mr. Plotz accurately reporting History's opinions?
Every money-losing magazine in history is going to break even next year.)
"Never forget that, in Shakespeare's time, we created the greatest theater culture in the history of the world.
Critics noted Calvin Klein's history of skirting the pedophilic line, beginning with the "Nothing comes between me and my Calvins" ads that featured a half-naked, 15-year-old Brooke Shields.
An article chronicles the entwined histories of the rival New York Daily News and New York Post , which are as colorful, scandalous, and gritty as the tabloids' front pages.
As Levy notes, when judges use history, it's typically after they've made up their minds on how they want to rule.
"The Court resorts to history for a quick fix, a substantiation, a confirmation, an illustration, or a grace note," he writes, "it does not really look for the historical conditions and meanings of a long time gone ...
Members of all the world's parliaments, professors of law or history, former laureates, and members of the Peace Prize Committee may make nominations.
"It is possible that we have moved 'beyond history.
'" This story is also on the NYT front, the front of the LAT business section, and runs inside at the WP . Of course, everybody hopes it's true, but the papers have also moved a little beyond history: Somehow these Quotations from Chairman Al stories never mention that Greenspan once, as an outside consultant, gave Charles Keating's financial empire a clean bill of health too.
The NYT front tells of a U.N. report just out disclosing that in certain parts of Africa one in four adults is infected with HIV--and most of them will die as a result because Africans cannot for the most part afford the combination drug therapies that can keep the virus in check--and that worldwide, AIDS now rivals the greatest epidemics of history.
The URI=/info/contents/contents.html"> New York Times goes with a two-column headline and a photo of Brown, with two additional articles inside accompanied by a timeline of the magazine's history.
On the other hand, who do you think gave a clearer account of the president's Gumbyesque history with the bill?
The New York Times leads with the Clinton administration's plan to implement a congressional requirement to assign every American an electronic health identifier code containing his/her complete medical history.
The WP notes that this treatment is normally reserved for presidents or military leaders, adding that we've conferred this honor only 27 times in our history (the NYT says 26).
And inside, the Post runs four more millenium efforts: one on the history of the awareness of the problem, one on the IRS' approach, another stating that the FAA is now back on track with its portion, and one pointing out an easily overlooked aspect of the Pentagon's Y2K troubles--namely that they include planning for the glitches possibly experienced by other militaries.
The NYT reports that the Guggenheim museum is hosting the most highly attended exhibition in its 61-year history, far outstripping Lichtenstein and Rauschenberg retrospectives.
The Times says experts think these are the youngest murder defendants in U.S. history.
The Washington Post , which runs the story at the fold, calls it "the single worst terrorist incident in the 30-year history of sectarian warfare" in the province.
The Wall Street Journal dedicates a front-page feature to the question of how history will judge Clinton in light of his aspirations, his accomplishments and his scandals.
Three of the fronts feature pix of the First Family walking across the White House lawn to start what would have to count as the worst family vacation in history.
The LAT op-ed page features a column today arguing via learned appeals to Catholic doctrine and English royal history that what was really wrong with President Clinton's speech the other night is that he didn't humbly ask forgiveness for his bad behavior.
The LAT quotes Janet Reno saying that the turn in the case came as a result of the most extensive criminal investigation in U.S. history.
The "FBI's largest overseas investigation in history" has successfully pieced together the details of the bombings and now looks to uncover a vast terrorist conspiracy linked to bin Laden.
The NYT editorial on the subject says the performance might have done Clinton some good, but is still "one of the most low-rent moments in White House history."
Though the Senate has cast its votes, history's verdict remains in doubt.
Pundits often say history is written by the winners.
And the contest to write the history of Bill Clinton's impeachment is just beginning.
Prudie suggests you find more informed friends, join a study group, or forswear serious conversations where you will not have to sit on your principles and opinions and your superior knowledge of history.
Constitutional history is fuzzy on many matters, but on this it is pellucid: The framers intended Congress, and Congress alone, to decide whether and when to send troops into combat.
After this history, the Batman TV series, which was made in the mid-to-late 1960s, couldn't plead the same innocence.
It also thwarted a plot to assassinate Abraham Lincoln, and thank God for that, for the entire course of history might have been different had the Great Emancipator been cut down.
from the perspective of an administration that has probably been more helpful to Israel and its security than any president in American history."
Davis, ironically, has accepted a history appointment 3,000 miles away--at Long Island's State University of New York at Stony Brook.
Subject: A Bit About Your Family's History
We have a history of right-wing pressure tactics to push these into play without verification."
The problem with this logic in this situation is that Chicago's whole history, tradition, and reputation are on the other side of this divide.
The act permits much more expansive discovery into the sexual history of defendants in sexual harassment and sex crimes cases.
The son struggled to find his birth mother's medical history, which had been withheld by the adoption agency, and committed suicide when he learned of her terrible mental illness.
The FT claimed that the recent municipal elections backing his reform program were "the first local elections in over 2,500 years of Persian history."
I know an expert in 19 th century English history who devours mystery novels by the shopping bag load, a prominent intellectual journalist who loves Bruce Willis shoot'em-ups, and a
It happens in Colorado for an hour a day, and former prosecutor Steven Cohen calls it "the oddest kaffeeklatsch in the history of Western civilization."
They make valuable the detailed knowledge of countries' histories, which intellectuals have in great supply.
This year's round of 16 boast the highest number of Cinderella teams in the tournament's history.
It happens in Colorado for an hour a day, and former prosecutor Steven Cohen calls it "the oddest kaffeeklatsch in the history of Western civilization."
," the wonderful new exhibit at New York's American Museum of Natural History, must have presented a challenge to the gift shop managers, but they rose to it.
There's no history here, no sociological detachment--only the look, divided into categories for maximum impact.
6. The End of History , by Francis Fukuyama
The mass resignation early Tuesday morning of all 20 members of the European Commission--universally characterized as the most serious institutional crisis in the 42-year history of the European community--dominated European papers Wednesday.
No one in the history of the United States has ever received a life sentence for this offense--no one but Jonathan Pollard.
March is Women's History Month and National Inventors' Month.
Actual headline : Richard Bernstein's review of the latest volume of Henry Kissinger's memoirs: "An Architect of Diplomacy Seeks Détente with History"
In Stoppard's plays, the messy and diffuse complexities of history, science, philosophy, and art are tied into neat and compact parcels.
George Mitchell's warning that history would not forgive failure, describing his speech at a St. Patrick's Day reception at the White House as "the most powerful" of a week of Irish celebrating and politicking in Washington.
Confederate apologists, who wrote the first round of histories of the South, portrayed slavery as a benign, paternalistic institution (for more on this topic, see "") and painted the carpetbaggers as venal and corrupt interlopers.
This role is mandated by history (it's a natural extension of the melting-pot tradition), economics (America stands to gain most from globalization), and necessity (no one else can).
The newsweeklies offer history lessons.
In Germany, Die Welt said in a front-page commentary on Kosovo that Europe will overcome its history only when it is able to preserve peace across the whole continent without the help of Richard Holbrooke.
Vittorio Zucconi, Washington correspondent of La Repubblica of Rome, highlighted President Clinton's remark that 20 th century history is largely the history of massacres carried out in Europe by Europeans, and said that Europe is "once again forcing Americans to take up the sword and die for villages whose names they don't even know."
Vittorio Zucconi, Washington correspondent of La Repubblica of Rome, highlighted President Clinton's remark that 20 th century history is largely the history of massacres carried out in Europe by Europeans, and said that Europe is "once again forcing Americans to take up the sword and die for villages whose names they don't even know."
Kissinger's history of his own time in office is a work whose breadth, clarity of vision and historical scope amply justify its size.
What solution does history dictate for Kosovo?
History has shown that military campaigns are only successful if their aims are defined beforehand, Le Figaro said, comparing Bill Clinton to "a little boy who whistles in the dark to reassure himself."
Since you and this longtime pal have a history of warmth and friendship, why not tell her the conditions in her home are way beyond the "clutter-bug" stage, and you are worried about her health.
Your remark about your personal history illustrating what is right with America is the perfect approach.
Robert Darnton, an expert on the history of the book, predicts a long life for the medium in the New York Review of Books . The prophecies of '60s media guru Marshall McLuhan have not come to pass.
The editors at Newsweek would be no different from his faint-hearted Clinton-loving editors at the Post . No one, in those days, wanted to publish what they all knew--that Clinton had a long history of abusing women and threatening people to cover it up.
Neither Linda Tripp nor I nor the handful of dedicated Americans who made up the truth-tellers of Hillary's Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy will ever be elected president and proclaim that theirs will be the most ethical administration in history.
Newsweek 's history lesson: Henry Kissinger reminds readers that World War I started not because of ethnic cleansing but because of outsider intervention.
Time describes Milosevic as "one of the great losers of history" but then wonders if he's crafty enough to outmaneuver NATO anyway.
Conservatives, after all, have spent the last year crediting Clinton's polls to alchemy: He has lucked into the best economy in history.
The magazine profiles a controversial British "what if" historian whose work examines European history as it might have been.
The strongest negative comment comes from the New York Times Book Review , which warns that "readers without an interest in business and financial history may find some of this material wearisome" (Richard Lingeman).
This is like imagining that a dinosaur died in a standing position at the museum of natural history.
Clinton, after all, is incredibly deferential to his Joint Chiefs because of his own history of nonservice: It's impossible to believe that he would have overruled the chiefs if they were as absolute as the leaks suggest.
, racism is bad; my history teacher is such a liar--does not mean it is settled in the actual world.
History is not a synonym for progress.
Ever since the United States began contemplating doing something about war and ethnic cleansing in the collapsing state of Yugoslavia in 1991, all sides have invoked history as a guide to action.
Interventionists also invoke history.
This ancient history forms the basis of demands for self-determination on the part of the long-suffering Albanian Kosovars.
In fact, each of these assertions is subject to qualification, as is made clear in Noel Malcolm's masterly (but misnamed) Kosovo: A Short History (my main source along with Hugh Poulton's The Balkans: Minorities and States in Conflict ). The tie of today's Albanian Kosovars to the ancient Illyrians is fairly attenuated.
That, in a nutshell, is the history of Kosovo.
History won't decide Kosovo's fate.
Our actions in the weeks ahead will decide history.
Conservatives hailed the ruling as history's verdict on Clinton.
Economic logic suggests that in the long run such countries, if they can put their inflationary histories behind them, have no business adopting the currency of a faraway country which will not take their interests into account.
Like anyone who must produce 700 words of headline-based observation twice every week, she appears on occasion to phone in her copy, as when she imagined a series of U.S. history documentaries directed by Oliver Stone.
Newsweek 's cover story argues that North America was first peopled by "a Rainbow Coalition of ethnic types," not just the Bering Strait-crossing Asians commonly depicted in history textbooks.
And all because, in Krauthammer's words, Clinton "staked the survival of the most successful alliance in history on bright new academic ideas cooked up far from the battlefields on which they now flounder."
It would be more entertaining to consider mixed motives, mitigating circumstances, conflicting social pressures, complicated histories, and then find that in this unique situation you really should shoot the guy.
These books are all works of diplomatic history, thick with policy analysis, institutional boilerplate, and unabashed second-guessing.
If Albright's childhood is marked by the catastrophes of 20 th -century European history, her early adulthood unfolded amid the complacencies of the American '50s.
What they mean when they say that, rather than how she got to be where she is, will determine Albright's place in history.
(Given recent history, perhaps they should be called "school-free gun zones."
Academia's most popular one-year fellowship, the Guggenheim, has been awarded to dozens of academics, including the University of Chicago's Neil Harris, who will research the history of the American urban newspaper building, and Williams College's Richard Stamelman, who will study the literature and culture of perfume.
Chosen under the auspices of the center's director, historian Peter Gay, the fellows include cultural critic Paul Berman, at work on a literary and political history of the Nicaraguan revolution; technology historian Gregory Dreicer, who will study the architecture of racial segregation; and historian Marion Kaplan, who studies the daily life of Jews in Nazi Germany.
Hawke is also double-majoring in history and--sensibly enough--German.
Prudie wishes to suggest that you are not playing your history false by not informing people of the two children you lost.
"Even the world's sole superpower, with its unique responsibilities, is increasingly seeing violence and the use of overwhelming force as an easy option for achieving its ends as the most violent century in human history draws to a close."
Here's how Dr. Johnson put a similar problem, on April 18, 1775: "We must consider how very little history there is; I mean real authentick history.
Here's how Dr. Johnson put a similar problem, on April 18, 1775: "We must consider how very little history there is; I mean real authentick history.
That certain Kings reigned, and certain battles were fought, we can depend upon as true; but all the colouring, all the philosophy, of history is conjecture."
The cover story lambastes journalists for pawing through Julia Robert's personal life, but reveals her shoe size, bra size, and romantic history anyway.
Time 's cover instructs parents to check the ratings listed on video game boxes, block offensive content on their computers, and click the "history" button on their browser to see where their kids have been.
Not "celebrations of multiculturalism," but a history, for example, that connects Thomas Jefferson and Malcolm X, as Rodriguez writes.
You can't teach common bonds of history to teens while the school and the community stress athletics as the most honored achievement.
All the French papers led not on Kosovo but on a domestic political crisis resulting from the jailing for the first time in French history of a prefect (provincial governor) in Corsica.
But consider the history of credibility since World War II.
Goofy Teutonic confidence unwarranted by history.
History says otherwise.
Though history had recorded public concern over bands of violent teen-agers ever since the beginning of the republic, the fear of "gangs" (a term coined in the 1930s) caught the nation's fancy.
History makes it clear that children and teen-agers are no strangers to violent impulses.
--echoes in the annals of horror film history.)
A brief history rates monogamous marriage, education, employment, and improved health among the major developments in the lives of females over the last thousand years.
3) Clinton changed his spin on Balkan history.
If Chernomyrdin succeeds in convincing Milosevic to accept enough of NATO's demands to guarantee some sort of deal, he will go down in domestic political history as the man who sold out Serbia.
He writes mainly about a local cop, Tommy O'Connor, but his story is interspersed with tangents on the town's history and various oddball local residents.
Fiddling With History
The situation stabilized with Vespasian, and the second century A.D. is often considered the golden age of the empire (Gibbon himself says that the time of Marcus Aurelius--late second century--was the best time to live of all in history).
This is not a criticism of your amusing article on Lapham, but of Lapham's apparently poor grasp of actual ancient history.
I too read a lot of history, but unlike Greenberg I think you have to go back a bit farther to find truly analogous behavior.
Last night's best moment (which I suspect won't travel well out of context) was when the prom emcee thanked Buffy for saving so many students' lives that "our class has the lowest mortality rate in the history of the school!"
Martin also succeeded in intermingling history and the present day in an earlier show called "The Ceaseless Century," by which he meant the 18 th .
But a museum collector needs history in material form, the better to display its links with the productions of more recent ateliers.
Was there something in the history of the German race that made them do this?
The mark will soon be history, and what matters is the stability of the currency in use."
The Bancroft Prize, given to honor the best works of American history, was awarded this year to two books on slavery and one on the (hostile) relations between Native Americans and settlers.
After the Times published a review by Marilyn Yalom in its daily review slot calling the book "dazzling," the Boston Globe reported that Angier had positively reviewed Yalom's A History of the Breast two years ago.
The cover story denounces the National Museum of American History.
Multicultural prejudice distorts its presentation, stripping America's history of its heroic high points.
For the first time in the 300-year history of sumo, a foreigner became grand champion by defeating another foreigner.
Have you forgotten U.S. history?
Instinct is "inspired" by Daniel Quinn's 1991 cult novel Ishmael , which is largely a Socratic, telepathic dialogue between a man and a gorilla, the latter of whom hectors the former about the destructive path of modern society and restates the history of the world as a struggle between "leavers" (animals, wise nomadic tribes) and "takers" (mostly white males).
China may have improved since 1979, but it still has an unblemished history of authoritarianism, five millenniums without sustained democracy.)
A few weeks ago, I was looking for something to watch on television while I made dinner, and there was CNN's Lou Dobbs introducing financial columnist James K. Glassman, identifying him as the author of Dow 36,000 (presumably a forthcoming book ). I immediately switched to the History Channel.
His sparring partner was Clive Crook of the Economist , a publication that has repeatedly asserted that U.S. stock prices are not only excessively high but dangerously so and that the history of Japan's notorious "bubble economy" is being repeated.
[Britain] is such an integral part of our history and our culture, I cannot envisage us formally breaking all our ties.
The third and final (thank God) volume of Kissinger's memoirs, it drones on about an entirely forgettable period in American history.
And the people at the top of those heaps, earning plenty to live comfortably, honestly wouldn't trade being, say, curator of dinosaurs at the Museum of Natural History for being just another multimillionaire investment banker.
This is something truly new in the history of the known universe.
In the most tragic examples, a charismatic professor will entice them into a lifetime of French medieval history, about which their curiosity is exhausted before they get their Ph.D.s.
In previous decades, before slavery took hold, interracial sex was more prevalent than at any other time in American history.
Is it an "utterly predictable" (Richard Schickel, Time ) gimmick for a costume drama, or is it a fascinating ride through history?
This twisted argument--that we are right in practice but wrong in theory--has become the last refuge of people who simply do not understand what has been happening in the stock market over the past two decades and who cling to an old paradigm that recent history has clearly repudiated.
"Here you had the most wholesome, upstanding media you can imagine, and meanwhile offstage is the most mechanized bloodbath in history," he said.
In short strokes, the story goes like this: A customer, William Summerhill, an associate professor of history at UCLA, ordered two phones from Sprint PCS.
History defies laws.
"If Sinn Fein come into the executive this week, something new in the history of our parliamentary democracy will have taken place," the Telegraph said.
The cover story is an oral history of Stanley Kubrick told by film types and family members.
Certain nations with a history of goofball master-race ideas and a reputation for being grim and plodding lovers--you know, Germans--have long associated sexual vigor with Africans, Jews, and Trolls, frequently depicting us as ugly monkeys coupling with enthusiasm, skill, and joy.
Rule from Bonn is now history.
A column in Thursday's Daily Telegraph strongly attacked Jeremy Paxman, one of Britain's best-known radio and TV interviewers, for being "insulting" to Kissinger when he asked him if he felt "a fraud" on receiving the Nobel Prize for "bringing peace" to Vietnam, and whether he waited 17 years to produce these memoirs because he wanted "to rewrite history."
The media found plenty of racism and anti-Semitism in Smith's past but little history of violence.
But let's face it, much of Christian history is bloody awful.
This scheme corrupted art history and undermined the reputations of auction houses, whose "experts" sold some obvious fakes.
If ABC's coverage of the big game is portentous, Clinton's place in history is as the fatty boy we first elected: Every time they cut to him, he was eating junk food.
He concludes that from the fact that the two countries have dismal economic histories, but dismal doesn't mean the same.
Meanwhile, a writer on the front page of the Irish Times began his article, "Northern Ireland experienced another day of not making history yesterday."
But it turns out that history does not stop just because the currency is stable.
When Brazil--whose economic history is nearly as dismal as Argentina's--finally devalued in January, the predicted hyperinflation never arrived and neither did the financial meltdown.
It was the 16 th perfect game in Major League Baseball history.
The Associated Press effused that "the most stunning collapse in golf gave way to the greatest comeback in the history of major championships."
Adams set a rigorous course of study for young John, assigning him, for example, to read Thucydides' History of the Peloponnesian War in the original Greek, at age 10.
Most reviewers pillory the film's highly publicized group-sex scene, in which human figures were digitally inserted to avoid an NC-17 rating: "the most pompous orgy in the history of the movies" (David Denby, The New Yorker ), and "one of the least erotic orgies ever filmed" (Kenneth Turan, the Los Angeles Times ). (Click for  Slate  critic David Edelstein's review and for an "Explainer" on Arthur Schnitzler, who wrote the novella that Eyes Wide Shut is based on.
A Short History of Rudeness: Manners, Morals, and Misbehavior in Modern America
David Bowman (the Village Voice ) calls Short History "an amusing but lightweight read" and notes that "even Mick Jagger had a more rigorous take on the subject ...
Doyle's look at the audio-taping practices of 10 presidents is a "valuable history and comparative survey" (Ron Rosenbaum, the New York Times Book Review ). Doyle, a "master of crackling prose" (Richard R. Roberts, the Indianapolis Star ), provides insightful transcripts from key moments, such as the Cuban missile crisis and the final days of the Nixon administration.
Context isn't everything, but it's worth noting that the TV channel that shows the most violence is the History Channel, with its endless replaying of World War II: I have not heard anyone say that is an encouragement to crime.
To this one might add the single paragraph I devote to the origin of the Washington Holocaust Museum, which, as you wrote in your Holocaust Memorials in History , was "proposed by then-president Jimmy Carter to placate Jewish supporters angered by his sale of F-15 fighter planes to Saudi Arabia."
Professor of history
After the first half-hour, in which the students interview Burkittsville residents about the history of the Blair Witch (one Elly Kedward, found guilty of sorcery in 1785 and lashed to a tree during a harsh winter), the remainder of the movie is their increasingly desperate odyssey through the woods.
Brinkley's worthy democratic instincts inspire him to use entertainment to teach history.
Brinkley (who is not David Brinkley's son--that's Columbia history prof Alan Brinkley) stands at the intersection of academia, serious journalism, and TV punditry.
Brinkley abhors the narrow academic history that has dominated universities.
He scorns scholarly monographs and favors a democratic, populist history.
As history grew more and more abstruse in the '60s and '70s, historians ceded the role of public intellectual to journalists.
Brinkley first came to prominence as America's leading neo-beatnik, a believer that the best way to learn history is on the road.
In 1992, he led 17 students from Hofstra University (where he then taught) on a six-week history road trip, from the Grand Canyon to Route 66, from Ken Kesey's farm to Jack London's ranch.
The Majic Bus illustrates both the charms and flaws of Brinkley's notion of public history.
Brinkley is a cheerleader for American history.
Blessed with preternatural gregariousness, good humor, and a love of attention, he's been tireless about pursuing both celebrity and the cause of popular history ever since.
He will happily decorate any TV or radio story with a veneer of American history.
At the same time, he has managed to write or co-write eight books in the past seven years, including three full-scale biographies and a lively 600-page history of the United States.
Brinkley's sunniness and ardor are appealing, but his public history has its shortcomings.
His books read like good journalism--and that's no insult--but they are not great history.
The newly opened "Notables' Sperm Bank" in Chengdu accepts donations only from scholars who are under the age of 60, have no history of congenital diseases, and are at the very least an associate professor.
It said, "The leadership is passing to young people educated by Western culture, cognizant of modern technology; people relatively free, one hopes, of the burden of the region's violent history.
In France, Le Figaro of Paris reported explosive growth in the sale of mobile phones, which it described as a phenomenon without parallel in French commercial history.
The rest is history, from which liberal and conservative Catholics draw strikingly contrary conclusions.
Brown herself said that during her last six months at The New Yorker she had "begun to miss the theatricality of photography, to be able to use pictures in ways that were really free and uninhibited" and that she "wanted to create a new form for a magazine without the institutional history of any publication before me, or on my mind."
(It's important, however pedantic it may sound, to keep stressing that only "some" or "a few" partook of such vengeance, since even choosing to discuss these acts--and not the vastly more extensive crimes that preceded them--threatens to distort history.)
T he specific group to which Halkin refers is the legendary (or notorious) "Revenge Group" organization founded in 1945 by a young, charismatic poet named Abba Kovner, who is at the center of a fascinating little chapter in the history of revenge killings.
It is always futile to try to draw practical lessons from history.
The brittle, shallow, single, gold-digging, thirtysomething protagonist of Janowitz's latest hate letter to Manhattan is pronounced so unpleasant as to make the entire novel (which follows her search for a suitably rich and connected husband) quite a drag: "A hateful heroine and a catalog of conspicuous consuming do not an amusing read make" (Elizabeth Gleick, Time ). "One of the least likable characters in modern fiction history.
Critics praise the Long Island duo's latest offering as "their best album since 1990's Business As Usual " (Rob Hart, CMJ ). Erick Sermon and Parrish Smith's music is up to their usual high standards, but even more impressive are their lyrics, which "weave together tapestries of obscure pop-culture references and rap history homages that could keep lesser rhymers in business forever" (Matt Diehl, Entertainment Weekly ).
I got my information on accident history from the FAA.
He remained, Newsweek wrote in a typical review, "careless of the record, heedless of the proper limits of power, unable to plead guilty to anything much worse than 'screwing up' and coming no closer in history to that final absolution in history he seeks."
He remained, Newsweek wrote in a typical review, "careless of the record, heedless of the proper limits of power, unable to plead guilty to anything much worse than 'screwing up' and coming no closer in history to that final absolution in history he seeks."
Taught by retired Army guys, JROTC courses cover history, current events, technology, communications, physical fitness, and the ever popular shooting.
Time says the $35,000 movie will have the highest profit margin in film history.
The chances of meeting a sophisticated Upper West Side woman in New York who would fall for a line like that are about as remote as encountering a singing possum in your basement, but Kidman's character continues to flirt with this loser during the longest and most excruciating dance scene in movie history.
I must thank David Greenberg for the fascinating "History Lesson" ("") on the postwar Jewish "Revenge Group," but I disagree that such an organized and, frankly, insane plan has much in common with the revenge killings by Albanians (we assume) of Serbs in present-day Kosovo.
If electoral politics are indeed a beauty contest, and if a history of sinning is no longer an impediment to electability, perhaps Warren Beatty could become president.
On Wednesday he vowed never to discuss his drug history.
The media debated whether Bush's drug history should be probed.
Ron Brownstein, who chronicled Beatty's politicking in The Power and the Glitter , notes that Beatty may be the only star in Hollywood history who preferred to participate in politics from behind the scenes.
But just as Little Rock residents are embarrassed by Central High, the discomfiting monument to desegregation and the town's other claim to history, some are queasy about celebrating their not-so-favorite son.
Oral histories?
If history repeats itself, we ought to be able to figure out who's destined to succeed Bill Clinton in the White House.
It is, indeed, dispiriting that someone with Mr. Springer's history might have been considered simply because of name recognition.
The media debated whether Bush's drug history should be probed.
The law would also require the disclosure of what has traditionally been confidential--from medical histories of research subjects to scientists' e-mail addresses and notebooks.
But most say the interesting sociological history and insight into attitudes about women in medicine make it worth the slog.
"Thanks to Gielgud and fellow Brits, museum-goers 'from ages 5 to 105' won't be able to attend the 'Hands on History: The British Aristocracy' exhibit, which encouraged attendees to examine life-sized models of past sovereigns and then hypothesize which members of the royal family might have been syphilitic."
Along the way the reader gets a "fascinating tour through the intellectual thickets of Bruegel scholarship" that manages to be "as entertaining as it is intelligent, as stimulating as it is funny" (Michiko Kakutani, the New York Times ). Publishers Weekly finds all the art history tiresome, as it has the side effect of "entirely halting [Frayn's] promising frolicsome narrative."
"Teaching creationism as science, and the Narnia books as history."
The paper was referring to a trailer in Vanity Fair for Cornwell's new book Hitler's Pope: The Secret History of Pius XII that was omitted from VF 's European edition.
A gift was announced earlier this year from James E. Beasley to Temple University Law School as "the largest endowment in the history of [the university]" to the law school, which has been named the James E. Beasley School of Law in his honor.
4. What kind of moment are we at in American history?
This would-be thriller gets punctured by the critics: "Possibly the funniest movie ever made about Catholicism--from a theological point of view" (Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). The film stars Patricia Arquette as a beautician who is mysteriously afflicted with stigmata after receiving a rosary with a history from her mother.
They're less racist and more multiracial than any group of Americans in history.
For most of American history, adolescents (also a modern creation) inhabited the adult world as laborers and apprentices.
So the candidate crafts a 15-second TV spot that does not directly attack her opponent but warns viewers of an ominous, high-tax future and instructs them to punch up www.nonewtaxes.com, where they'll find a complete history of the opponent's record on taxation.
9. Pat Buchanan: The scary thing, he undoubtedly knows the history of that slogan and that movement.
The shop owner recognized its significance after he cleaned it and turned it over to scientists at the nearby American Museum of Natural History.
The most controversial academic book of the season is The Ecological Indian: Myth and History , by Brown anthropology professor Shepard Krech III.
Buchanan may be a compelling writer, but critics attack his isolationist policies and revisionist history (highlight: Germany would not have invaded France had America stayed out of World War II).
It said, "A speech of this type, had it been made, could have been a direct and frank appeal to those Germans who wish to confront their past and to Israelis who wish to preserve it in the annals of human history."
So World War II is avoided, millions of lives--you know, the right sort of lives--are saved, and history is transformed in ways so utopian, you'd never recognize the present.
The Americans' one-point victory over the European team was the biggest comeback in the tournament's history.
A little while later, the "RCA Building" sign that had been on 30 Rock since its construction was replaced with one reading "GE Building," completing the eradication of the individual employee and the rewriting of architectural history.
He did everything by the book: highlighted favorable issues, exploited his personal history, and portrayed his opponents' advantages as vices.
In his response to Bush's complaint Exley rehearses the history of Bush's antagonism toward his site, citing W.'s infamous statement that "there ought to be limits to freedom."
Pat's Personal History
The real news about A Republic, Not an Empire is that it repeatedly warps American history to support Buchanan's nativist ideology.
For Buchanan, what others call isolationism has a noble history, dating to George Washington's admonition that America should "steer clear of permanent alliances."
But even those who don't should realize that Buchanan's method--forming his conclusions based on prejudice, then rustling up the support for them--invariably produces bad history.
Pope: The Secret History of Pius XII
In the New York Review of Books , for example, the Princeton historian Bernard Lewis, one of the chief modern villains of Orientalism , decried Said's inflammatory tone and questioned his knowledge of history, philology, and Arabic.
$3-- If just one kid comes home from school determined not to covet his neighbor's ox, that will more than make up for his utter ignorance of science and history.
The merger of the nation's second- and third-largest long-distance companies is the biggest corporate acquisition in history.
The incident, which exposed 22 employees to radioactive water, came one week after the worst nuclear accident in Japan's history.
Big Test: The Secret History of the American Meritocracy
Critics adore the first half of Lemann's history of the SATs.
I'm mainly a history person.
' He's just finished Isaac's Storm , a history of the Galveston hurricane of 1900, and reads Robert Parker's detective-for-hire stories."
Brandon, who has a history of forgery, ends up in the women's section of jail.
(In real life, John had been involved with Lana, and Tom may have been briefly, too, but the film avoids this history.)
By this stage in art history we can surely draw a line under appropriation.
That danger is very, very real declared Deputy Chief Daniel Oates, testifying in federal court Monday as to why protests on the steps of City Hall must be limited to 50 people, a limitation set for the first time in the city's history.
In 1992, and to a lesser extent in 1996, Perot managed to unite both Anderson progressives and Wallace populists, but if history is any guide, nobody will pull off that miracle in this election.
Jesse Ventura is the product of Minnesota political culture, with its mix of Yankee and Germanic reformism and its long history of influential regional third-party movements such as the Nonpartisan League and the Farmer-Labor party.
History will note that it was a recalcitrant Republican Senate that killed the treaty because of political infighting."
Debates, which are organized around issues rather than personal history, would force Bradley to play Gore's game.
Shulevitz, and a notably resentful Jacob Heilbrunn in the Wall Street Journal , need to make sense of their criticism by showing how art can measure the Holocaust and still be art (and not history or politics or philosophy).
"It is one of the most significant developments in the history of the space age," said John E. Pike of the Federation of American Scientists, reacting to Tuesday's big event.
But onscreen, when Pitt announces to the assembled fighters that they are the "middle children of history" with "no purpose and no place"--emasculated on one hand by the lack of a unifying crisis (a world war or depression) and on the other by lack of material wealth as promised by television--he seems meant to be intoning gospel.
As a ferocious skinhead in last year's American History X , Norton was taut and ropy, his long torso curled into a sneer; here, he's skinny and wilting, a quivering pansy.
"It is one of the most significant developments in the history of the space age," said John E. Pike of the Federation of American Scientists, reacting to Tuesday's big event.
In the first contested election in Indonesia's history, the assembly selected Abdurraham Wahid, a moderate Muslim cleric, as president.
But the New York Times , Los Angeles Times , and Washington Post deemed the elections a promising break with Indonesia's autocratic history.
Doolittle is listing the free eats Majority Whip Tom DeLay, R-Texas, serves up at his office to fellow Republicans during late-night sessions of the House, just one of the ways he has become, according to Marshall Whitmann of the Heritage Foundation, "the most powerful majority whip in the history of the House."
In a campaign ad endorsed by Senate Democrats and the White House, Vice President Al Gore warned, "This vote goes against the tide of history."
Q seems to think that the issue of what is or is not offensive can be resolved by appealing to analogies in culture and history: "medieval Catholic art, for example, is chockablock with sexual and scatological imagery."
"This is how bloody slaughters have started in Russian history, leading in the end to two revolutions and the placing of Russia outside the civilized world for the entire 20 th century," the paper said.
It took 16 years to declassify the document, "History of the Custody and Deployment of Nuclear Weapons: July 1945 through September 1977."
Publisher Ron Galotti said Talk had "probably the most successful launch in the history of magazines" and had sold more than 1 million copies of its first issue in September.
Whatever small faults he could and did find with America, he endlessly reminded anyone who listened that the best achievement of mankind was America, whose current failings were trivial by historic standards, which was in a constant process of amelioration, and which offered its citizens the best chance in history for a good life.
"The junk yards of history are strewn with wreckage.
To some critics, the mystery isn't, as Harris suggests, how women throughout history have exploited their sexual power over men, but how pimps like him have come away with the profit.
Miyazaki is after nothing less than the moment in our history (the film is set in the 14 th and 15 th centuries) when the power shifted from a "natural" world to one shaped by human technology.
[I]t may be the very irrelevance of royalty which has helped protect us from excesses of patriotic fervor," he wrote--comparing Australians favorably with Americans, who "have a cloying sentimentality about their history, their flag, their president and their system."
"All Blacks humbled by a French tour de force" said the Daily Telegraph , calling it "the biggest upset in the history of the Rugby World Cup."
2) I've always been possessed by the delusional notion that I am to play a major role in world history, so why not a role in the End of Days?
"Some of the greatest evil in the history of the world was concocted in the Jewish mind," LaHaye told me, for reasons that aren't entirely clear--he knew what the name "Goldberg" generally signifies.
He acknowledges "where the sensitivity comes from," though he shows no understanding of the role the myth of the Antichrist played in the history of anti-Semitism, and he refuses to back away from his opinion that somewhere in Great Neck or West L.A. or Shaker Heights is living Satan's agent.
For most of their history, Christian leaders had been content to ascribe the characteristics of the Antichrist to the Jewish people as a whole.
"Ever since the 2 nd century CE, the very beginning of the Antichrist legend, Christians have associated Jews with everything unholy," Andrew Gow, who teaches Christian history at the University of Alberta, told me.
Because "history moves in response to narratives, dream images, heroes, heroines, and myths," women need to think of themselves as latter-day incarnations of "Diana, avenger of insult; Sheba, a responsible, politically influential sovereign; and Nike, the feminine spirit of victory."
Who better to help a candidate extract weighty lessons from his personal history, to teach him to tell voters that their own successes depend on his own?
In countries such as Brazil and Japan, where no-holds-barred fighting has a long history, it is popular and uncontroversial.
"John Howard should reflect on his place in Australian history," the Syndey Morning Herald said in an editorial.
Le Monde in an editorial said Jackson would be remembered in history for recalling "a basic principle of the American system, one of the principles which assure the vitality and dynamism of the United States economy: the struggle against monopoly situations and respect for competition."
President Clinton called it "one of history's most remarkable triumphs of human freedom."
In American history, "feeling free" refers to ridding the nation of an oppressive monarch, a view expressed in the Declaration of Independence.
WASHINGTON, D.C.--History records that the first telephone conversation in 1876 was an urgent request for an in-person meeting.
Perhaps so, though I think history will remember them as fumbling experiments that pointed in a different direction.
Planned Parenthood, the Museum of Natural History, CNN--what's the connection?
Hirohito said Japan faced "numerous difficulties" at the moment, but added: "As I recall the history of Japan and how in its past so much hardship and distress have been overcome, I firmly believe that the wisdom of each and every Japanese and co-operation from international society will tide us over in fine style."
Planned Parenthood, the Museum of Natural History, CNN--what's the connection?
The Museum of Natural History is boring and old-fashioned.
Sunday afternoon, 20 of history's greatest basketball players headlined a Madison Square Garden fund-raiser for Bill Bradley.
HANDY GIFT FOR A HANDYMAN: "a collection of reproduction nails and the history behind them."
The Big Test: The Secret History of the American Meritocracy , by Nicholas Lemann.
What is the history of missile defense?
His body will be preserved and displayed at the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History early next year.
"There is much more information online about Congress than at any time in history," according to Jason Poblete, a spokesman for the House Administration Committee.
"Hand of history touches Ulster" was the Guardian of London's main headline Friday, echoing a remark by British Prime Minister Tony Blair that "the hand of history is at last lifting the burden of terror and violence and shaping the future of the people of Northern Ireland."
"Hand of history touches Ulster" was the Guardian of London's main headline Friday, echoing a remark by British Prime Minister Tony Blair that "the hand of history is at last lifting the burden of terror and violence and shaping the future of the people of Northern Ireland."
We've Just Made History."
In Northern Ireland, the Protestant Belfast Telegraph said in an editorial that it would be hard to exaggerate the significance of this day, which will be included among the greatest events of Irish history.
The Jerusalem Post said the Seattle riots proved "that the prediction of the end of history was premature."
The King family's spin: This is the first step toward correcting the history books.
An editorial in the right-wing ABC supported the invocation of Kosovo, damning the nationalists' focus on "ethnicity, linguistic imposition, collusion with ETA terrorism, dishonest rewriting of history, and social exclusion."
Something like: "Franjo Tudjman: Warrior, Dissident, Man of Letters, Statesman, Liberator, and Father of the Free, Independent, and Democratic Nation of Croatia ." History will remember him more accurately: "Franjo Tudjman: Not Quite as Bad as Milosevic ."
In 1961, at the height of his career, he quit to immerse himself in Croat history.
But the history of the past decade suggests the reverse: It is Tudjman who has been flexible enough to triumph, and Milosevic who has been imprisoned by ideology.
But if the election goes according to plan, almost every voter in the primary will make worldwide history by casting a ballot over the Internet.
Disputing Shara's statement that a peace agreement would mean "the end of a history of wars and conflicts," it noted that he failed to say a word about the future of Jerusalem and the Palestinians, and it added: "An end to the state of war between Arab governments and Israel does not mean an end to the state of war between the Arab people and the Jewish state.
More than 100,000 are homeless and 5,000 to 25,000 are feared dead in what most are calling the worst natural disaster in the country's history.
Mr. Brosnan has added another small footnote to the long history of the EITC.
( Slate 's "" rounds up overseas reactions to the hijacking, and "" outlines the history of the Kashmir conflict.)
The son gets a double dose of his unmanly past this night, since a female TV journalist (April Grace) has uncovered the history he has determinedly concealed and is eating through his mask of machismo on camera.
( Slate 's "" rounds up overseas reactions to the hijacking, and "" outlines the history of the Kashmir conflict.)
What causes more of a stir is the book's assertion that "given the nature and the magnitude of the crimes committed in its name, communism was fully the equal of Nazism as one of the supreme evils of our century" and the question it raises of whether "the history of the twentieth century hasn't given us objective and final proof … that human nature itself is fallen and twisted at its core" (Scammell).
Never before in the history of presidential politics have candidates felt the pressure to adopt a high-tech platform, speak out about protecting privacy over the Internet, or sign a pledge vowing they will forever oppose Internet taxes.
If history is any guide, Gore will exploit that dilemma for the rest of the campaign.
And even though I know that the moment history looks as if it is repeating itself is exactly the moment it is not, I feel a little leap in my spirits.
For example, a question about "the longest economic expansion in history" might affect respondents' answers to a subsequent question about the president's job approval.
Despite these possibilities, scientific polling has a long, reliable history, whereas "straw polling" has a long history of total unreliability.
Despite these possibilities, scientific polling has a long, reliable history, whereas "straw polling" has a long history of total unreliability.
What is worrisome is the failure of pollsters themselves to learn from the history of their profession.
Below, comments on the biggest merger in history.
" 'The Sopranos,' America's greatest television series-no, make that the most magnificent example of dramatic writing in the history of the world-continues brilliant work despite current cold snap."
Nashville has its own failed attempt at a symbolic structure: None of you referred to the life-size model of the Parthenon located in Centennial Park (or to the life-size model of a Jew, so beloved by school children, in the city's Natural History Museum.
"Here is a guy who graduated Magna Cum Laude in history, the greatest basketball player in the Ivy Colleges, Rhodes Scholar, probably a governor of Missouri someday-and all with a 485 verbal SAT!"
(And I, for one, am proud to live in a country with 46 categories of sex, most of which Orrin Hatch objects to, but he's history, so the hell with him.)
The Wall Street Journal has been running a good "first draft of history" series all week on the current global economic crisis.
The paper says that strategy worked because Germans are "tired of history lessons" and concerned that their society is fraying.
The LAT sees a "heated session," but one that was "filled with history lessons" and at times resembled a "law school tutorial."
Margin-to-margin headlines at all major papers announce that the House has voted to begin an impeachment inquiry, the third such vote in the country's history.
The paper notes that Pollard stole more top-secret documents than almost any other spy in American history (it would have been nice if the Times had said who had taken more), a take measurable in cubic yards, plus it is still unknown if any of them ended up in unfriendly hands.
Janet Reno calls it the "largest alien smuggling organization ever dismantled in United States history."
The NYT , follows its long-time harsh stance on the matter by calling Reno's move "obstinacy" and the conclusion of "one of the sorriest episodes in modern Justice Department history."
4 billion, which will be split among the 11 firms that represented Florida, is the largest fee ever in U.S. history.
Everybody leads with Clinton's impeachment, the second of a U.S. president in history.
The WP eve-of-impeachment coverage is all scene-setting: A front-pager headlined "Caught in History's Spotlight/Five Senators Prepare to Shoulder a Most Unusual Burden" and a "Style" section profile of Sen.
The paper's television critic, Tom Shales, is similarly restless: "Who'd have thought," he asks, "that making history could be such excruciatingly ponderous torture?"
Shelby Steele in the WSJ argues that King's rhetorical prowess made whites ashamed about this country's racial history, unwittingly encouraging liberal whites to feel "responsible" for blacks, which prevents blacks from becoming truly free.
The Post has a perhaps-too-friendly story about the Pope, who's visiting Mexico: "To understand the significance of this pontiff, it helps to see him through his own eyes, and measure him by the yardstick of church history."
Adjusted for inflation, the paper says, gas prices are the lowest in history.
In light of the presumed outcome, the WP sees the rhetoric coming yesterday from both sides--each of the 13 House prosecutors and President Clinton's lawyer Charles Ruff--aimed not so much at the Senate jurors as at the history books.
A NYT Magazine story proclaims the end of England's slide into the dustbin of history.
USAT describes King upon his condemnation as "unrepentant and smirking," and notes that he is the first white person to face execution for killing a black person in modern Texas history.
Also, both papers say Obasanjo was a former military ruler of the country, but neither mentions in their capsule governmental histories when he ruled or under what circumstances he ceased doing so.
Oral History
Consider this tidbit from Hope in a Jar: The Making of America's Beauty Culture by Kathy Peiss, a just-published history of the American beauty industry:
Given the unillustrious history of the beauty magazine, it seems foolish of the Times to make Vogue 's co-promotional side deal stand for any ominous larger trend in the industry.
Can a memoir have the authority of history?
In its July issue, author Stephen Schwartz writes that the Robeson commemorations is the latest attempt to sell the American people a "falsified" and "upside-down" version of their history.
Whatever the real version of that history would look like, one thing we know: Robeson's committment to communism was not good for the Jews.
After all, as Fortune put it recently, the president and CEO of Conde Nast, Steven Florio, "turned a mildly profitable property into one of the greatest money pits in American magazine history."
As for who will preside over this dark day in New Yorker history, we can only report what we have gleaned from the rumor mill over on 43rd Street.
It is a commonplace of literary history that the emergence of autobiography in the West reflects the development of the mature, individuated, self-aware self.
Here's a brief sordid history of toys-of-the-year: Fisticuffs have erupted over Cabbage Patch Kids; Tickle-Me-Elmos have been stockpiled and scalped for bank-breaking prices; Beanie Baby counterfeiters have taken rubes to the cleaners; and this year's toy-of-the-year--Furby--is already sold out of several chains and is being auctioned off on eBay for up to $200 apiece
Heche got better reviews than the heterosexual Harrison Ford in last spring's hapless comedy Six Days, Seven Nights , and today she reprises Janet Leigh's role in Psycho as the most notorious murder victim in film history.
Insurrection boasts the only space battle in film history in which the antagonists sing Gilbert and Sullivan while firing on each other--which is reason enough to go warp factor 9 to movie number 10.
Fox's rerun of Behind the Laughs revisits popular sit-coms from TV history (Wed.
But it has some of the best theme music in television history, and Rod Serling's voice can raise the hair on the back of my neck quicker than a scene out of Showgirls . My favorite episode: A burglar is shot dead while fleeing a crime scene and is transported to a wondrous place where every desire is immediately indulged--hot babes as far as the eye can see.
In the history of film, there are perhaps 10 sequels that deserved to be made.
By far the oddest offering of the week is A&E's Unmentionables: A Brief History (Sun.
The history of the myriad painful fads women have subjected themselves to over the years--iron maidens, rubber girdles, breast binding--may help remind viewers what all that '60s bra-burning was about.
There's a reciprocal malarkey as well: The experts pretend to know offhand the history of the object.
It works as soundtrack nostalgia and history lesson but flounders as drama.
February is also Black History Month, with more shows on black artists and themes.
Black History Month or not, stereotyping still lives.
This weekend, you can relive the hunt for two '70s monsters: a killer shark ( Jaws , TNT, Saturday , midnight) and Richard Nixon ( All the President's Men , The History Channel, Friday , 9 p.m.).
Blue episodes, Monday , 4 p.m to 1:30 a.m., and George Clooney's last ER on NBC, Thursday at 10 p.m.) Monday is President's Day, and the History Channel takes a look at the formative traumas in Abe Lincoln's life (8 p.m.), followed by Chris Matthews' documentary on the rivalry between Kennedy and Nixon (10 p.m.).
Never has a show so skillfully exploited contemporary retro-chic to rewrite our visual image of history.
But I do think that, given Big Government's record in providing public goods over the last few decades (almost universally execrable, wherever you look), and given Extremely Big Government's record in the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany, we should be a little more concerned about a state that is now imposing a higher tax burden on ordinary citizens than at any time in the history of the Republic.
Still, in the vast sweep of history, a 50 to 60 percent approval rating isn't particularly great--it's about where President Kennedy's lowest job-approval rating sat.
And it is only with a great effort of will that I now refrain from referring you to my new favorite publication, Beer Frame: The Journal of Inconspicuous Consumption , and its article on the superiority of the Hydrox to the Oreo, its salute to products with "edible spokescharacters" like the Pillsbury Doughboy, Charlie the Tuna, and Slim Jim, and finally its definitive history of the styptic pencil ("styptic," proclaims the editors, "is such an excellent word").
In the meantime, it should be stated for the record that your own book on the history of the abortion wars is a marvel of substance and you should not necessarily be judged by the lowbrow online company you've been keeping all week.
This is Whig History for the PC era, full of paeans to same-sex love, sweeping generalizations about emotional needs, attacks on present-day lack of civility, and you-go-girl!
Such history brings strengths: Since Cook's first allegiance is to feminism (more specifically, to gay rights), she is not dug in on most of the political and economic questions that divide FDR's hagiographers from his detractors.
It also brings weaknesses: This is radical history, and Cook's description of post-World War I race riots, of the Wobblies' agitation in the 1920s, of mid-1930s anti-communism (which she calls a "Red Scare"), could have been written by Earl Browder.
I did think you unfair in characterizing it as "Whig History for the PC era, full of paeans to same-sex love," and so on.
But as a political history?
(ad for an athletic club)' “Tasty Menu” (printed on a menu); “Big Heights Tahiragi” (the Tahiragi high-rise apartment building); “Build Saito” (the Saito Building); “pair glass” (a pair of drinking glasses); “Arrange Ball” (Pachinko or pinball); “History and Future Pavilion” (Pavilion of Past and Future); “fillet of minion” (entanglement perhaps not so simple); “Extra Interior” (factory-printed sign on a car: roomier?
The nuances of Vietnamese history, which Mr. Henn finds so fascinating, were as useful to the men who fought Ho Chi Minh's military machine as the facts of the Meiji Restoration to anyone who fought the Japanese Empire in WWII.
This explains support of “herstory” or “`wim-min,” terms that finesse etymology to emphasize the male-orientation of conventional history and to eliminate the man in the word woman . (When etymology serves political concerns etymology is honored.
This guild of scholars is one of the most successful enterprises in the history of our species.
Let us go back in Chinese history to the beginning of the Warring (or Contending) States Period.
Two hundred pages further on there is less exuberance in the circumlocution “that fluid so terribly scarce in the region,” and in three other references water is simply water . Giles is not always waxing poetic and may, like other explorers, be useful as a source for the history of Australian and general English.
The Women's History of the Word
For the most part, the book consists of a rewriting of history, from the dawn of time, with the purpose of demonstrating two main themes: the “fact” that women were responsible for all the important contributions to the advancement of civilization (as the development of agriculture, for instance), often despite the arrogance and stupidity of men; and the “fact” that women have long been subjected to domination by men.
As the pyramids were already about 2500 years old when Diodorus wrote his World History , one is given to wonder what his authority might have been for such a vivid description.
This rewriting of history is punctuated by an array of four-letter invectives applied to males and by adjectives like brilliant, unusual, inspiring , and so forth to women.
“History according to Rosalind Miles” blasts away at the symptoms in a misconceived notion that alleviating them will effect a cure of the disease.
A Midwesterner, Will Hays, Jr., who is proud of his knowledge of post-Civil-War history, tells me the following origin of shot , as in shotglass , absent from “Gunning for the English Language”:
Some countries name their currency to honor people famous in their history: bolivar (Venezuela) for the liberator of South America, Simón Bolívar; sucre (Ecuador) for Antonio José de Sucre, chief lieutenant of Bolívar and liberator of what is now Ecuador at the battle of Pichincha in 1822 near Quito; colón (Costa Rica, El Salvador) for Christopher Columbus; balboa (Panama) for Vasco Núñez de Balboa, discoverer of the Pacific Ocean; lempira (Honduras) for the 16th-century Indian chief who is a national symbol of liberty and valor for resisting the Spanish advance; and córdoba (Nicaragua) for Francisco Hernández de Cór doba, first acting governor.
History and myth provide another source for names.
English is the most widely spoken language in the history of our planet.
Does it not seem just a little bizarre that we can make amends but never just one “amend”; that no matter how carefully we comb through history, we can never discover just one “annal”; that, sifting through the wreckage of a disaster, we can never find just one “smithereen”; and that we never contract a single “heebie-jeebie”?
When Rotcod was a student in junior high school, he wrote a history paper on the career of George W. Goethals, the U.S. engineer who masterminded the building of the Panama Canal.
Azusa for example is euphonious, but it does not immediately suggest its own history.
Lovers Retreat , Texas has a violent rather than a romantic history.
In an essay published recently in a history journal, the editor substituted “foul ups” for the correct term I had used in referring to certain incidents witnessed during army days.
All one needs is a sense of history that exceeds one's lifetime.
Given time, however, history may provide me with one.
So they chose from a “story board” (an elaborate carving showing the history of the people in that area) a symbol which was--to them--abstract.
He took the problem back to the local village elders, who explained why the school was being boycotted: the logo chosen was from that part of the village history which described an enemy arriving to rape all the young women of the tribe.
That symbol was the most repugnant part of their whole history, and it was an embarrassment to have it plastered on signs and papers all over town.
Well's Kipps (1905), or Paul Theroux's The Old Patagonian Express (1978), and some are less memorable, such as Frank Moor-house's Tales of Mystery and Romance (1977), or Carlyle's On Heroes, Hero-Worship, and the Heroic in History (1841).
Coulmas's clear exposition of the history of writing systems traces the development of various kinds of writing systems--ideographic, pictographic, morphemic, syllabic, phonemic, and phonetic--through history, discussing them individually, describing how certain ancient scripts were deciphered, and presenting his cogent arguments for regarding at least some aspects of language through the analysis of writing.
Coulmas's clear exposition of the history of writing systems traces the development of various kinds of writing systems--ideographic, pictographic, morphemic, syllabic, phonemic, and phonetic--through history, discussing them individually, describing how certain ancient scripts were deciphered, and presenting his cogent arguments for regarding at least some aspects of language through the analysis of writing.
In this way, the spelling of a word often relates to that of other words belonging to the same paradigm, or to its own history.
Elaborate taxonomies and obscure explanations such as mispronunciation due to ignorance, malapropisms based on both ignorance and misunderstanding, and, for the dictated word, the technological dyslexia of typographical errors and poor grasp of the diction of the dictators of medical histories may be suggested.
Some refer to this difficulty as “losing my nature ” (1386), and impotence recorded in the medical history often undergoes technological transformation to “importance,” as in “he complained of importance since he started to take medicine for his pressure,” also known as “the high blood.”
After a short introductory section, half the book is devoted to a history of legal language . and the other half to a critical analysis of its usage.
The history of the legal language of the English-speaking common law countries and the history of the English language are indissoluble.
The history of the legal language of the English-speaking common law countries and the history of the English language are indissoluble.
But I think it more than likely that Mr. Bricklin is referring to the famous French naturalist Georges-Louis Leclere, count de Buffon, better known to literary history simply as “Buffon.
In that connection I am constrained to express my skepticism about the accuracy and wisdom of diagnosing everyone who has difficulty learning to read and write as being afflicted with dyslexia: learning is sometimes difficult--I had terrible trouble with history when I was a student--and it is wrong to attribute a large percentage of failures and difficulties to some disorder rather than to the (possible) failings of a teacher or, more often, to a simple lack of interest and motivation in the student.
The toponymy of Rome offers an entertaining supplement to the study of its twenty-seven hundred years of history.
The street names of Rome reflect both its long history and the fanciful imagination of its people.
A scattering of names referring to more recent Roman history can be found.
Every language is the creative expression of the genius of its people, the collective repository of a nation's legends, traditions, and history, and a mighty potentiator of its national and cultural continuity.
Fuzzy recall indicates a disregard for history.
Many of the statesmen in history to whom actors ascribe smart southern accents were in fact proudly northern.
First names call for a frequent delving into areas of nonacademic, popular culture and recent social history, as well as a certain amount of linguistic judgment.
The myth began its life in mid-19th century histories attempting to document the contributions of Germans to American culture and history.
The myth began its life in mid-19th century histories attempting to document the contributions of Germans to American culture and history.
The fierce competition among the dictionaries results in what must be regarded as the greatest book bargain in the history of publishing: taking the Random House Webster's as a typical example, it contains 18 million characters (say, 2.5 million words) for which one pays $18, which works out to about 139,000 words per dollar.
Perhaps I had an unconscious recollection of seeing, long ago, James Thurber's delightful drawings of such creatures as The Dudgeon and The Barefaced Lie in his “A New Natural History.”
Wiltshire starts with a review of Johnson's own medical history: juvenile scrofula, poor vision in one eye, the famous “tics and gesticulations,” gout, asthma, a stroke with transient aphasia, and finally “dropsy” with death due to arteriosclerotic heart disease with congestive failure.
American place names reveal the national character, as well as history and heritage.
All the while, of course, just as with all aspects of language, new names are coming into being, others passing out of use, each reflecting a bit of history or culture.
Here is an example from my own field, Jewish family names: the bibliography lists Benzion C. Kaganoff's A Dictionary of Jewish Names and Their History , but the few times this work is cited in A Dictionary of Surnames , a disclaimer follows immediately to the effect that no support could be found for Kaganoff's explanation (at the name Gordon for instance).
A Friar Dominguez is quoted by Adrian H. Bustamente in Santa Fe--History of an Ancient City as describing the villa in 1776, the year of American independence from British rule, as consisting of “many small ranches at various distances from one another, with no plan as to their location, for each owner built as he was able, wished to, or found convenient, now for the little farms they have there, now for small herds of clattle which they keep in corrals of stakes, or else for other reasons.”
Thomas Jones' History of New York during The Revolutionary War states that “The Act of Attainder.
' Charles Stedman's History of the American War described, “It is to the famous Mischianza that we allude, or festival given in honor of sir William Howe, by some of the British officers at Philadelphia, when he was about to give up his command to return to England.”
clover mill - In a history of Emmitbury, Md., James Hellman wrote, “The Hartman mill was built by Dr. Robert Annan [1765-1827] for a clover mill afterwards converted into a grist.”
It contains some 4,000 first names, and as well as the main body of the dictionary has a brief preface, a short section on the history of English first names, a bibliography, and a separate listing of some 1,000 derivatives or pet names, with cross references to their full form.
In a bare six and a half pages Rybakin takes us on a crash course in the history of English first names, from Anglo-Saxon Æthelbeald to the titlederived names of modern times such as Duke and Earl . He rightly devotes part of his survey to a consideration of surnames as first names, although in his main entries names of this type such as Bradley, Chester, Clifford, and Seymour are simply explained as deriving `from the surname.
Two of Canada's best-known popular history writers, Peter C. Newman and Pierre Berton, use the term almost exclusively in works they have written on Canada's North.
How it came about the the myth could take the place of history, and feed both fiction and utopia, that fiction in the form of dogma of various kinds could take the place of science, that science could progressively dominate fiction, that history, in eliminating myth, could itself become a science, at the cost of a ruthless battle between the imaginary and the real--a battle whose outcome, even today, remains unclear--this story reads like a novel: and in any case, doesn't the word history itself, which designates a succession of facts through time, also encapsulate the word story: a tale, a fable, an imaginary account?
How it came about the the myth could take the place of history, and feed both fiction and utopia, that fiction in the form of dogma of various kinds could take the place of science, that science could progressively dominate fiction, that history, in eliminating myth, could itself become a science, at the cost of a ruthless battle between the imaginary and the real--a battle whose outcome, even today, remains unclear--this story reads like a novel: and in any case, doesn't the word history itself, which designates a succession of facts through time, also encapsulate the word story: a tale, a fable, an imaginary account?
How it came about the the myth could take the place of history, and feed both fiction and utopia, that fiction in the form of dogma of various kinds could take the place of science, that science could progressively dominate fiction, that history, in eliminating myth, could itself become a science, at the cost of a ruthless battle between the imaginary and the real--a battle whose outcome, even today, remains unclear--this story reads like a novel: and in any case, doesn't the word history itself, which designates a succession of facts through time, also encapsulate the word story: a tale, a fable, an imaginary account?
This is made clear to me every time someone discovers that I am a “word man”--that I am an editor on the Dictionary of American Regional English and write a column about word histories in the Atlantic . Inevitably, I am presented with a favourite lexical curiosity and asked where it came from.
This reveals two assumptions: that I am a walking dictionary and that the word's history will of course be known.
The first involves words whose histories lend themselves to philological principles or “rules” of linguistic change.
The histories of these words are generally more recent, rarely reaching back to to proto-language, and are anomalous in some way, deriving, for example, from a historical incident or the name of a person.
This has become very clear to me when written the “Word Histories” column in the Atlantic over the last three years.
Often I try to include several proposed versions of a word's origin in the “Word Histories” column.
I have written about many other examples of disputed word histories in A History of English in Its Own Words (HarperCollins, 1991) that illustrate the role of the educated guess.
I have written about many other examples of disputed word histories in A History of English in Its Own Words (HarperCollins, 1991) that illustrate the role of the educated guess.
But if etymological uncertainty perplexes and frustrates scholars, at the popular level it makes writing and reading about word histories fun.
The surprise winner was Indians . According to press-box history and grandstand legend, the name was a belated tribute to Lou “Chief” Sockalexis, the first Native American to play professional baseball.
As for Burgon, who later in life became Dean of Chichester, he retains a tiny niche in the history of English literature for two immortal lines of poetry he composed in 1845, much quoted and much admired ever since.
Or they tacked on the first name of his father or grandfather, who himself, reflecting Italy's tangled history, tended to be called by some version of a Latin, ancient Germanic, saint's, or Old Testament name: Giovanni Fabrizio derived his surname from Fabricius, Giovanni Alighieri from Aldiger, Giovanni Ciccarelli from Francis , and Giovanni Giacobazzi from Jacob . Whether any name, through local preference, finally came to end in the masculine -o , the feminine -a , or the plurals -i or -e , the root meaning of the name remained the same.
Another group of names falls into the “either-or” category, in which a well-researched onomastic history could consign a family to either comforting averageness or ignominy.
While it seems likely that fazio the noun as well as Fazio the name descend from an otherwise benign, even auspicious name, the history of other names is not so easy to untangle.
There is of course a very long history of such textual duplication whereby meaning is simultaneously compressed and extended.
The differences are hard to discern, but no matter, for the book is a user-friendly excursion through the history of the language, with many good examples of loanwords, derivations, and other linguistic incunabula, curiosa, and paraphernalia interestingly presented in a lively fashion by a good writer.
But Laurel and Hardy, like Astaire and Rogers (or Rodgers and Hart) are part of the history of popular entertainment in this century.
Naturally enough, he was soon recruited by James Murray as a collaborator in the preparation of the OED . In the preface to the first volume of that great dictionary, Murray thanked Hall expansively for his “voluntary and gratuitous service”: “Those who are familiar with the pages of his Modern English , his English Adjectives in -able [1877], and his numerous articles and papers on special points of English, know with what an amazing wealth of evidence the author illustrates the history of every word, idiom, or grammatical usage, upon which he touches.”
Location is more difficult, because its sense history in American English is complex; but in the Australian usage of the 1788-1838 period it meant either `an allocation or grant of land' or `the act of establishing a settler in a place,' in which case it was synonymous with settlement, as in the country will shortly be thrown open to general location.
To Americans, Cornwallis was History (i.e.
Until 1974, Shetland was officially known as Zetland, a name more suggestive of its fascinating and ancient history.
A new awareness of rich history and tradition of belonging to “The Old Rock” plus caution concerning any threat to the native environment now provide much food for thought and material for pungent new Shetland proverbs.
To put it broadly, we must be guided by language as well as by history or geography.
The occasional historical comment involving history recent enough for me to have been a part of it is not always exactly right.
In fine, while there is no doubt that the Companion will--and should--become a standard work on the language, one must not impute to its function anything more than its service as a guide: the English language is unimaginably vast, in its origins and history, in its literary, philosophical, psychological, social, and specialized applications, and in the descriptions of its grammar, usage, dialects, and lexicon, both historical and contemporary.
What happens when the American Museum of Natural History wants to talk to entomologists in Europe about a butterfly we call the mourning cloak?
“I've always had trouble with me tubes” could be especially misleading in the case of a female patient, for she would almost certainly be referring to a history of chronic lung disease and not tubes of the Fallopian variety.
The DOSAE is in some respects a reflection of the contact history of South Africa, played out in terms of the English lexicon.
A History of the English Language,
Baugh's book was the primer, the basic grammar on the history of English.
The first edition of Baugh's History was published in 1935; because so much has happened to English since then, it is fitting that its history be updated, not only to reflect more recent developments in dialect, lexicon, grammatical theory, and the universal adoption of the language as a lingua franca, but also to revise scholarship in the light of later research that either elaborates or confutes information that is now more than half a century old.
The first edition of Baugh's History was published in 1935; because so much has happened to English since then, it is fitting that its history be updated, not only to reflect more recent developments in dialect, lexicon, grammatical theory, and the universal adoption of the language as a lingua franca, but also to revise scholarship in the light of later research that either elaborates or confutes information that is now more than half a century old.
It is more than a slang dictionary: Simes's own lexicographical analysis of the terms is detailed and impressive, and he also provides a fifty-two page essay on the history of the literature and language of crime and the underworld.
This article gives a brief history of underworld slang and an extensive listing of underworld terms in use in Melbourne in the 1860s.
Morton's history of the company is probably reasonably accurate, though one should note that its sources could scarcely be said to be unbiased, most being company records and either present or former employees.
The resulting crash killed 583 people in what is still the most destructive accident in aviation history.
A survey of source material was therefore undertaken to provide a history of the word and of how its use has evolved.
Scattered here and there are helpful vignettes that focus on ancillary matters—SPOTTING A RESTRICTIVE CLAUSE, THE HISTORY OF THE SEMICOLON, etc.
through Slang in Its Cultural Environment, Some Features of Slang, The History of Slang, Influences on Slang: Military and Civilian, Slang in Other English-Speaking Countries, to Motives for Using Slang and a final word, History of the Project, the last revealing that the editor's initial interest in such a project went back to 1968.
through Slang in Its Cultural Environment, Some Features of Slang, The History of Slang, Influences on Slang: Military and Civilian, Slang in Other English-Speaking Countries, to Motives for Using Slang and a final word, History of the Project, the last revealing that the editor's initial interest in such a project went back to 1968.
Arnold Toynbee, distinguished philosopher of history, in his old age wrote about his having learned “about the difference between the American language and my native Unitedkingdomese.”
History never stands still; and this had reduced my Unitedkingdomese dialect to the status of being a bizarre provincial “brogue.”
But in a chapter entitled—make that titled— “Americanisms,” the manual betrays both an unseemly nationalistic bias and an ignorance of the history of its own language.
Maybe not, but any Rhode Islander aware of his state's predacious history would get the idea.
I write about natural history for a living.
[The problem lies in the fact that people lack a sense of history.
There are several customary formulae applied to words whose histories remain unclear.
In this sense, and with a host of compounds amplifying and asserting the recreational possibilities, we tend to think of it as our own and as an important part of our social history.
On the whole, Cursing in America , while an interesting book, does not go very far in presenting a cogent analysis of the present situation or its history.
It has had a varied history.
In his immensely popular A Short History of the English People (1874), John Richard Green described the profound moral and cultural change that transformed the country in the late 16th and early 17th centuries.
And the reason, Daniell quickly adds, is that it was virtually one voice: that of William Tyndale, one of the most influential--and certainly one of the least known--writers in English history.
And again the history has thrown up more than the odd red herring.
Street is from the Latin via strata , a paved road, a phrase whose own history mirrors the relation of ride and road: via `road' is cognate not only with our way , but with a whole set of Latinate words suggesting movement: vehement, convey , and even vehicle itself; just as way is related to wag and wagon .
Car , the plainest of our motor-vehicle words, has a complicated history.
The French Constable Anne Montmorency bestrode French history without apparent difficulty, but it was feared that no Marion could ride tall in the saddle however rugged his appearance.
More often than not, we in Britain do not know what they mean, whilst foreigners from Boulogne-sur-Mer to Beijing seem to know exactly their meaning and history.
This is the case with a favorite Australian term for an Englishman, pom or pommy . At first sight this might appear to be a British regional dialect word, but there is no possible etymon even remotely like it recorded in Wright or the OED . So, whereas for dinkum , for instance, a sense history can be established that fits chronologically with a verifiable regional antecedent, for pommy there is no such answer.
Already after 30 years LPs, gramophones , and wirelesses belong to history and a never-ending tide of new transatlantic terminology swamps these shores with the everyday expressions of Chicago and Silicon Valley.
For some people, a comprehensive description of the history of words in English is more information than they wish to assimilate, and they will be relieved to learn that Schleifer covers the territory in about ten pages.
We know the cat was domesticated both in the East and West in the early historical period, the ancient Egyptians being credited with having been the first people to have done so and at one period in their history to have worshiped it as sacred.
That acknowledgment having been made, I find myself continually irritated by their cavalier dismissal of everything that human beings developed in the course of history: it reflects an adolescent mentality that is scornful of anything that might have taken place before these parvenu geniuses put finger to keyboard.
Hearing the vernacular spoken on the modern streets of Sofia is like hearing a cross-section of this Slavic nation's tumultuous history.
However, just because elements in the same area of the Table are related atomically and chemically, this neatness is not necessarily reflected in the names, let alone the two-character symbols we have given to elements, which reflect all the chaos, variety, whims, and even vanity of history and human nature.
After a brief history of the alphabet, each of the twenty-six succeeding chapters is devoted to a single letter, with a final one discussing signs and symbols.
Extrapolating on the theories of the Renaissance designer, Geofroy Tory, as expounded in his Champ Fleury (1529), Firmage takes Tory's sketches as the springboard for his analysis of the letter-shapes and the sometimes highly stylized forms they assume throughout history, from their inchoate inception in the Near East down to present-day, computer-generated typefaces.
Chinese history (p.
To take the general question first, let us begin with a little history.
There is a great deal of history attached to this practice.
The reason for bringing up this bit of history is to introduce four terms with which some readers may be unfamiliar and which reflect to some small degree the poetry that once lurked in the hearts of linguists educated in literature as well as linguistics.
Yet the treatment is reminiscent of Washington Irving's Knickerbocker History of New York , which—facetiously, at least—starts out with the creation of the world.
(Thus, English is a Germanic language because of the history of its structure, or grammar; were its lexicon alone to be considered, it might well be classified as a Romance language, owing to the large percentage of words of French and Latin origin.)
The history of the discovery and naming of the lanthanides (the fourteen rare-earth elements with atomic numbers 58 to 71 in Mendeleev's table) is fascinating.
The most unpopular PM in Canada's modem history, he introduced the Goods and Services Tax, a VAT-like national sales tax.
The book claims to be a parallel to the Bible, but pertaining to the New World, and relates the religious history of several groups of people.
In fact, “trans-alphabetism,” to coin an appropriate neolo- gism, goes hand in hand with the history of writing.
Transformed by the Romans into the Latin alphabet, it has since become the most widely used writing system ever in the history of mankind.
Too much buck-passing (usually in the name of scientific rigor) between the “experts” on language, literature, and history has resulted in the sad fact that clear thought, the mortar that serves to create integrated human interaction, has been quite consistently assigned to the other guy's bailiwick.
In a strong-minded county like Cornwall an individual may be admired as being “as tough as Hancock's mother”—an archetypal dragon lady rooted in local history.
So, for instance, the names of the farmed freshwater crayfish, koonac , and marron , have only short histories of usage in English, coincident with their utility, though they were first recorded in the 19th century.
Green's account of the early history of dictionary-making is very useful and interesting, for it gathers together information about the personal lives (and qualifications—or lack thereof) of the famous lexicographers.
Rather, it is the artistry that rubs off on the person steeped in the best parts of the culture, the phrase unconsciously plucked from a 17th-century poem or 16th-century play, (no matter how corny, like Methinks the lady doth protest too much), the single word that indicates at least passing familiarity with history (like defenestration ), the fragment of an air associated with a Bach fugue.
The table of contents on the sleeve omits the Dublin segment, even though the speaker is very much “there,” in his recollections of the 1916 uprising, Lloyd George, the Black and Tan, as well as bits and pieces of his own life's history.
' However, it now appears to have a far more complicated history: German Bismut came from New Latin bismutum , itself altered from medieval Latin vismutum , from obsolete German Wismut , itself a compound of Wise- , `meadow,' plus Mut , `mine claim'.
In this light the history of the universe according to Taoist thought can be either depressing or exhilarating, depending on one's point of view; at any rate it seems true enough as far as the Big Picture goes: First there was nothing.
The Dictionary is based both on face-to-face interviews carried out in all fifty states between 1965 and 1970, and on an extensive collection of written materials (diaries, letters, novels, histories, biographies, newspapers, and government documents) that cover our history from the colonial period up to the present.
The Dictionary is based both on face-to-face interviews carried out in all fifty states between 1965 and 1970, and on an extensive collection of written materials (diaries, letters, novels, histories, biographies, newspapers, and government documents) that cover our history from the colonial period up to the present.
The entries also include pronunciations (if they vary regionally or differ from what would be expected), variant forms, etymologies (if DARE can add to what is already known about a word's history), and statements about regional and social distributions of words and forms.
History
It included almost all of the important uses of the word, and the introduction gave a good picture of the word's history, both etymological and social.
Part 2 of the first section opens with a reprint of Allen Walker Read's onomastic history of the Rocky Mountains, which is followed by a very lengthy paper on “No Names” in the United States.
On the other hand, Dr. Burrill's article on “Toponomy and Cultural History” is a very good example of how toponomy (and lexicography in general) and history can benefit from each other.
On the other hand, Dr. Burrill's article on “Toponomy and Cultural History” is a very good example of how toponomy (and lexicography in general) and history can benefit from each other.
The last article in the volume is McMullen's “History of the Names Institute, 1980-86.”
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from working: physical and mental disabilities, history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self-esteem.
In the summer of 1993, the Marion County Commission on Youth began what can best be described as a "new era" in its history.
More Hoosiers are working and earning higher incomes than at any time in our history.
However, the average response rate to our appeals is 10%, which means that about 544 of you send in checks -- if history repeats itself with this appeal then each of you will have to give $182 to make the $100,000 goal.
The rest is history.
Having been only the second set of buildings erected in the country expressly for art instruction, Herron has had a long history of granting degrees through Indiana University for many of the state's artists, art teachers, art scholars and visual designers.
Not only have we had the highest enrollment ever for the past two years, but the Gallery is exhibiting some of the most exciting work in its history.
This year there are close to 450 students at Herron studying for their college degree in fine arts, art education, art history, or visual communication.
Like mine, your ties to DePauw are a part of a proud tradition on a campus where the sense of history is treasured.
Every department and program that make up this community called IUPUI has a treasured and valued history .The IUPUI Campus Campaign celebrates our partnership and helps us, as individual members of that partnership, to assure the future.
Your gift will also count toward the largest campaign for private contributions in the University's history.
However, its history has been maintained in the present law school building through the display of its stained glass windows and the old oak fireplace.
Its history is also recognized by the Maennerchor Society--whose members are the school's staunchest and most important supporters.
We consistently, for example, attract top students; the 1990 entering class had the highest Law School Admission Test scores in our history and more than 10% of our new students possess graduate degrees in addition to their undergraduate diplomas.
History created our present; we are the dreamers who build the future.
As you know, a library is a living resource, where the cultural history, the scientific discovery, and the philosophical dialogue of a planet is gathered for active exploration and study.
In 1729 Benjamin Franklin said a journalist ought to be qualified with an extensive acquaintance with languages, a great easiness and command of writing and relating things clearly and intelligibly, and, in a few words, he should be able to speak of war both by land and sea, be well acquainted with geography, with the history of the time, with the several interests of princes and states, the secrets of courts, and the manners and customs of all nations.
The Indiana Historical Society comprises a diverse group of members who share the characteristics of intelligence, curiosity and pride in our state's history.
The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History; the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History; the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History; the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History; the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History; the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History; the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
Members receive discounts on Society products and publications available through regular catalogs and at the History Market gift shop" located at our beautiful Society headquarters.
You can also enjoy changing exhibits and family programs held at the Society headquarters and explore history in our state-of-the-art research library.
Each July we celebrate our state's heritage at the Society's Hoosier History Festival.
This year the Hoosier History Festival will be held on July 22 from 10 AM to 6 PM and will feature musical, dance and theatrical performances, children's activities, historical re enactors and storytellers, historical displays and much more.
The Society offers more opportunities than ever before to learn about Indiana history in fun and interactive ways.
You can play an important role in preserving Indiana's history by being an active supporter of the Society's mission.
Indeed, your history of support of the Lowell Nussbaum Society pays much more than your "rent".
We also emphasize plays that directly relate to history, literature and social study topics.
Whether its a literature topic, a humanities issue, or an important person in history -- every play has a direct tie-in to classroom curriculum.
We employ more professional actors from the community, ones whom we have helped train, than ever in our history.
You are responsible for helping us introduce the amazing, magical experience of live theatre to our state's children-programs that are not only an arts experience, but help teach history, literature, and social studies.
These matinees are coordinated with teachers and unite a play with studies of classroom lessons in history, social studies, cultural diversity and literature for a full educational experience.
That is why joining today can do more to help the party than at any time in its history.
