A scan of the headlines found cheek-by-jowl on the WP 's Page A6 provides an interesting snapshot of the life of the modern Cabinet officer: "[Ex-HUD Secretary] Cisneros's Ex-Mistress Pleads Guilty," "[Labor Secretary] Herman Denies Allegations of Influence-Selling Scheme," and "Two Tyson Foods Executive Indicted Over Gifts to [Ex-Agriculture Secretary] Espy."
According to a senior CIA officer who helped devise the overall strategy, the CIA provided intelligence, experience, cash, covert action capabilities, and entr�e to tribal allies.
Rakal, her first officer, was staring pensively at his panel.
black police officer to the cast so it's interesting how they kind of got away from the original i guess the premise of the movie as well was the problems that that uh
To oversee this mass conversion, Ashoka turned the Brahmanic concept of dharma (righteousness) into an instrument of public policy, enforced by the Officers of Righteousness he had appointed for this purpose.
Local city officials ñ even local police chiefs ñ are often not aware of what these "special officers" are doing.
Membership consisted of between thirty and fifty adult men per chapter (called moradas) and were divided into two groups: common members, called hermanos disciplantes (brothers who discipline), and officers, called hermanos de luz (brothers of light).
Moreover, at any given time there are many Marine Corps officers enrolled in graduate study programs at the Naval Postgraduate School (NPS), in Monterey, California.
And as I'm going down the road 65 miles an hour I see the Charlotte police officer on the right hand side sitting in front of, uh, um, that shopping area right, right prior to Conference.
For details on some CIA officers' concerns, see Coll, Ghost Wars, pp. 393-394.
Jim West, President and Chief Executive Officer
30 This provision clearly bears the imprint of Kantian moral philosophy, which treats respect for human dignity as an absolute duty of all individuals, including officers of the state.
None mentions that the EA6B only has one set of flight controls and that therefore the three electronic warfare officers on board cannot control the plane's speed, altitude or course.
yeah they say they'll say oh he killed a police officer you know who has a wife and three children yeah
This was possible because the officers' service numbers, which are just their Social Security numbers, were made available to Congress as part of the promotion process, and have since appeared on a Web site maintained to protest the use of the SSN as a national ID.
Consequently, these officers must have valid and documented assurances that the systems and key controls on which they rely for authorizing payments are working as intended and remain intact and effective over time.
Well, we got the pictures of that and, and even got the pictures of a Russian officer walking on the gangplank.
At one point Chiang himself was kidnapped by some of his own officers, a sensational interlude known as the Sian (Xi’an) Incident.
each year of course they elect officers of the family reunion and a number of years ago back in the early eighties my wife was president we discovered how much work it is just to organize and get it together and it takes a lot of planning and
The services set stringent guidelines for minority recruitment and promotion that sometimes surpass the supposed excesses of racially obsessed university admissions officers.
It was rebuilt in 1841 and restored in 1934 as a tourist attraction, with a diorama of the Battle of York and authentically furnished 19th-century officers’ quarters, log cabins, and military surgery.
Some officers positioned themselves at the top of a flight of stairs by 5WTC that led down into the concourse, going into the concourse when necessary to evacuate injured or disoriented civilians.
wonder what those California officers do when they have those you know twenty and thirty car pileups on the highway if it'd take a officers uh you know whole army of officers just to do the paperwork
The officers of the court go to enormous lengths to choose unbiased jurors.
In 1981 he was assassinated by an army officer while taking the salute at a military parade.
Officers in its Clandestine Service, under what became the Directorate of Operations, fanned out into stations abroad.
you know uh paying cops a little bit more you know because the police officers we have they're either you know there are some that have that are actually going corrupt because they don't get any money and there are some that
On a day that, according to the coverage, saw Russian and American military officers jointly shepherding nuclear missiles through Y2K, Yeltsin and Putin participated in a little transition ceremony that centered on the handover of the suitcase that is used to monitor a nuclear war.
In June 1952 a group of high-ranking military officers declared a military coup.
These officers must have sufficient knowledge of the automated systems in order to carry out their responsibilities effectively.
they wound up paying him uh the officer of course was fired but they paid the defendant uh three hundred thousand dollars or something to drop the lawsuit
"After insisting throughout its air bombardment of Yugoslavia that its use of depleted uranium [DU] munitions against Serb forces posed no hazard to human health, Nato officers in Kosovo now admit that particles from their shells may have contaminated soil near targets in Yugoslavia and could cause 'inhalation' problems, especially for children," he wrote.
In 1936 a group of senior officers, discontented with the policies of the Spanish Republican Government, met in secret in the woods of La Esperanza on Tenerife.
This had strong and immediate effects, loosening the loyalties of senior officers to their separate services and causing them to think more broadly about the military establishment as a whole.
wonder what those California officers do when they have those you know twenty and thirty car pileups on the highway if it'd take a officers uh you know whole army of officers just to do the paperwork
A retired CIA official and Army officer, Sorley posits a new theory on the Vietnam War: The United States won, but the military victory was immediately undercut by diplomatic backtracking and congressional cowardice.
Royal Engineer officers sent watercolors of likely sites for Queen Victoria’s approval.
This was in our strike zone," a senior military officer said.
well let me preface it i'm a i was a staff officer in Vietnam in sixty nine and seventy
There's the item revealing that two black Clinton Cabinet secretaries, the late Ron Brown and (the probably wishing he was late) Mike Espy, were required to submit urine samples for drug tests, while two white Cabinet officers revealed they were not.
In keeping with this spirit is the Changing of the Guard that you can watch on summer mornings at Officers’ Square.
Beyond the policy issues we described, the new administration did not have its deputy cabinet officers in place until the spring of 2001, and the critical subcabinet officials were not confirmed until the summer-if then.
hm and and how do you feel about murders of law officers or fire people or something that are because they have had them they have had them killed when they've
In conversation, however, the Superintendent or Chief Superintendent in charge of a station is almost invariably referred to as simply the guv'nor , and he and his entourage of supervising officers down to and including Inspectors are collectively the governors .
In 1906 a force of mainly Moluccan troops led by Dutch officers marched on Denpasar to enforce compliance.
Participants also discussed the appropriateness of the chief executive officer (CEO) serving as chairman of the board of directors, which could present potential conflicts resulting from a single individual functioning in these dual roles.
and then officers just start out at three weeks and then they go up to four weeks
I thought it more than a little curious that you did not mention those fine law enforcement officers in your article.
The neighboring Officers’ Quarters are more humble but still comfortable enough, while the ordinary soldiers’ barracks are downright miserable, with rudimentary beds of straw.
VBA attributes the increased number of appeals resolved at the regional office level to the efforts of its decision review officers.
so i think for for for many years uh we've paid teachers and police officers and firemen who are uh to a great extent public servants
An inside story at the WP piggybacks on a story in this week's New Republic amassing strong evidence that Tom DeLay, a leading congressional doubter of President Clinton's truthfulness under oath, said under oath in a civil case that he was not an officer of a Texas pest control company even though at about the same time he reported to Congress that he was the company's chairman.
They had come to meet a fellow officer, Francisco Franco, whom the government had banished to the Canaries for subversive plotting.
At 9:39, the NMCC's deputy director for operations, a military officer, opened the call from the Pentagon, which had just been hit.
i got that when i started because i was because i'm an officer of the company
the characters in it were the white police officers when the black the black guy from Philadelphia went down there were much more bigoted and more the villains
law enforcement officers have to go through through random random tests just to see i guess like what side of the law they are they're on
so often i think though elderly people don't realize that their diet is that bad i work with a lot of elderly people i'm a trust officer
well it's uh we have uh uh kind of a core group that that serves as quote officers of the organization and they plan the reunions they
deal with the police officer evidently evidently um i guess they speculate that it was teenagers
are they booked up that is a way to put it they are booked up Are they paroling uh like murderers and i mean here it is just a real big deal they parole people that have killed police officers and then they are out doing it again
don't misunderstand me now but it it all came down to the fact that you had to be able to deal i mean we had uh our board our officers and our board board of directors of about twenty people now this is a good size group of people to manage
Major Dad i'm in the i'm in the Navy so i kind of you know can associate even though he's a Marine officer i uh i you know i kind of associate with that a little bit and i kind of like the way it's done
so it depends on if you're an if you're not an officer it depends on how long you've been there i think you get like a week your first year and then two weeks and then you have to be there like five years to get three weeks or four years
South Dakota no i'm an officer in the Air Force at uh Griffis Air Force Base
he had with the police officers and now it's more concentrated on the problems they have in the small town in the south and it it's kind of interesting because it's supposed to be this little tiny town in down in
um and they're always saying if you know if they don't raise taxes then they're going to have to lay off on uh the teachers they're going to have to lay of uh firemen they're going to have to lay off the police officers
thirty thousand people and there's only eight officers that patrol for thirty for that amount of people which is not very many and
convicted for was under a trial was going to trial for murder was let off because of a technicality that the officer the arresting officer um did not read the defendant their rights
a movement among certain members of the military establishment the upper hierarchy uh uh uh officer staff
i work at laboratory from uh i'm an officer in the Air Force and uh
doing their job and spending time with the cadets there uh is investing in the Air Force and it or the the military itself it's the future officer corps and so
if someone killed a police officer or someone committed rape and then murder those were the only two circumstances where you could
oh it was uh it was i'm an officer in the Air Force and we went to the Officers' Club for a little Mexican food today
now in the military for a for a staff staff NCO which is a a noncommissioned officer but it's a certain rank above i don't know if you're familiar with military military rank structure
and when the parole officer calls to check on them they're instructed to turn it on and stand in front of it
convicted for was under a trial was going to trial for murder was let off because of a technicality that the officer the arresting officer um did not read the defendant their rights
the the the uh the jury that's trying uh the officers in that case is is an all white panel and there's been a lot made in the local papers of that fact
well in New York i'm not quite sure but what sounds familiar to me is that it's it's not legal except in cases of murder of police officers
yeah they don't mention that part yeah that's exactly right there was a thing on the other night about they had this women uh her husband was a police officer and was killed
because of the overcrowding they're being released from Huntsville they're given two hundred dollars and put on a bus for Houston with instructions to turn themselves in to a parole officer
it's a it's a high level of enlisted personnel and officers for those people who show up positive on one drug test they're immediately discharged
like up at the end of last year where one police officer it was on a drug raid uh was trying to extra extricate um
oh it was uh it was i'm an officer in the Air Force and we went to the Officers' Club for a little Mexican food today
yeah they've um they've had police officers come in
as far as the officers and things like that but uh
by then i had just had a thought about like what about a what about a police officer you know
yeah if you get something that's one or two years old uh you can usually knock i i worked at a bank as a loan officer and so i could you know i got into that a little bit you know the dealership financing and stuff but
and well they elect officers every year
i imagine they're going to need more police officers too
yeah it's i work at a at a financial institution and seen quite a bit used to be a loan officer and
i think part of the thing about schools today is too is the way the families have gone down the tubes the structure that now teachers play police officers you know their parenting their disciplinarians
boy couldn't you imagine doing the paperwork on that'd take an army of officers just to do the paperwork
The Federal Chief Information Officer: Fourth Annual Top Ten Challenges Survey, Association for Federal Information Resources Management, December 1999.
Its officers are in many ways glorified lobbyists.
For the number of officers, see NYPD regulations, "Patrol Guide: Rapid Mobilization," Jan.
In fact, policemen always speak of their ground : an officer might ask his pal, Do you know a pub called the Rhinoceros? and his friend will reply, Of course I do: it's on my ground.
Three plainclothes NYPD officers without radios or protective gear had begun ascending either stairwell A or C of the NorthTower.
Startups can't sustain themselves because they lack talented chief operating officers, chief financial officers, and salespeople.
, Chief Operating Officer (COO), etc.) and statutory authorities (e.g.
Sixty-seven percent of the military officers but only 32 percent of the civilians call themselves "conservative."
You asked for our views on this issue as well as those of the Foreign Service Officers Association.
President Jamil Mahuad was toppled three days ago when Indian protestors, supported by military officers, stormed the congressional building.
At least one NYPD officer from this area managed to evacuate out toward 5 WTC, where he teamed up with a Port Authority police officer and acted as a spotter in advising the civilians who were still exiting when they could safely run from 1 WTC to 5 WTC and avoid being struck by people and debris falling from the upper floors.
-- New York's Mayor Giuliani on imaginary criticism of his plan to give police officers wallet-sized cards listing tips on interacting with the public.
Agency officials authorized to perform administrative approvals are generally required to follow agency policies and procedures as opposed to statutory requirements and Treasury regulations followed by certifying officers.
The China Daily reported the establishment of a new national anti-smuggling police force of an initial 6,000 officers.
The Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 (Public Law 101-576), as expanded by the Government Management Reform Act of 1994 (Public Law 103-356), requires that GAGAS be followed in audits of federal departments' and agencies' financial statements.
The central issue of the federal bench financial data case--whether dissemination via the Web poses some sort of extra danger not posed by paper--is also raised in a front-page WSJ feature about a recently discovered scam in which someone applied for and got and used credit cards in the names of the top U.S. military officers, including more than 75 generals and admirals.
NYPD officers were also in the South Tower lobby to assist in civilian evacuation.
Clinton is a man who hungers for minutiae, who can toss off reams of data like some Star Trek techie officer and make it even more theatrically compelling.
FACA exempts from its provisions those committees composed wholly of full-time federal officers or employees.
As it stands now, police officers, especially in urban areas, present more illegally obtained evidence than legally obtained evidence.
As the number of officers declined and overseas facilities were closed, the DCI and his managers responded to developing crises in the Balkans or in Africa by "surging," or taking officers from across the service to use on the immediate problem.
Police Chief: The chief was caught leasing a luxury apartment for less than half its fair price (his roommate, another officer, told the landlord they needed the space for an undercover operation).
The on-duty sergeant initially instructed the officers in the WTC Command to meet at the police desk in 5 WTC.
And an article accuses the Navy of abusing its female combat pilots: Their fellow pilots and commanding officers gave them the silent treatment instead of helping them.
Procurements: A Guide for Procurement Initiators, Contracting Officers, and Computer Security Officials,
There are also words representative of other areas of Aboriginal life, such as boylya cleverman or wise elder, gnamma waterhole, kylie boomerang, miamia dwelling, monaych , originally the name of a cockatoo and by transference a police officer, nyoongar Aboriginal person, wagyl , the mythical rainbow serpent, wilgie , a red ochre used to paint the body on ceremonial occasions, and wongi , a word for an Aboriginal person, originally used around Kalgoorlie.
In talking with American and foreign government officials and military officers on the front lines fighting terrorists today, we asked them: If you were a terrorist leader today, where would you locate your base?
Returning from a foray outside his own station's area, one officer will say to another, Ah, we're back on the ground again.
It is intended to assist federal officials in strengthening their security programs, and we are pleased that it has been endorsed by the federal Chief Information Officers Council.
We're reasonably sure that Slate Explorer won't cause your computer to explode, or to charge large sums to your Visa card, or to take up smoking, or to insult a police officer.
Callers reported that a passenger had been stabbed and that two people were lying on the floor of the cabin, injured or dead-possibly the captain and first officer.
Again, readers need to decide for themselves how likely it is that a Cabinet officer would bring a Washington dinner party to a mortified standstill by mistaking jelly for sauce.
Pursuant to Public Law 104106, National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996, DOD was given the authority to have certifying officers.
And an officer who has been stuck on may well be heard lamenting that It's all gone pearshaped --which is what happens when anything that should have a fine, firm shape sags, with all the stuffing leaking down into the bottom and flopping outwards.
7Implementation of the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA), A Report on the Chief Financial Officer's Role and Other Issues Critical to the Governmentwide Success of GPRA, Chief
Diaz: How does a former police officer get involved with running a laboratory making illegal speed?
As for the Department of Defense, some officers in the Joint Staff were keen to help.
-- Rudy Giuliani, admitting that police officers should call men "sir," as long as it's clear they don't mean any actual respect by it.
To further underscore accountability issues, the PBO's Chief Operating Officer is to annually prepare and submit to Congress, through the Secretary, a report on the performance of the PBO.
But in the past year and a half, Guess has seen its stock price cut in half, had the only outside member of its board of directors quit after being on the job for a few weeks, and watched its chief financial officer resign for "personal" reasons.
For officers being in the concourse, see NYPD recordings, City Wide 1, Special Operations Division, and Divisions 1, 2, and 3 radio channels, Sept. 11, 2001.
As Training Officer Frank Gutoski explained to a reporter for the Cambridge Chronicle , "The people [pepper spray] doesn't affect are people who have consumed cayenne pepper from the time they are small children, and this generally breaks into ethnic categories.
As information was received of civilians trapped above ground-level floors of the NorthTower, other PAPD officers were instructed to climb to those floors for rescue efforts.
Some crime knocks are wrongful, and sometimes officers have been known to arrest on sight someone they feel sure is at it and decide later on what they have arrested him for, sometimes even planting evidence.
Immediately after the second plane hit, the Chief of Department of the NYPD ordered a second Level 4 mobilization, bringing the total number of NYPD officers responding to close to 2,000.
The publication explains that Hillary is lashing out from tension but is also bitter that during grand jury testimony Secret Service agents conveyed rumors of Clinton's philandering--even though the officers she has attacked did not testify.
For example, GAO relies on the work of the IGs and other auditors to meet the requirements of the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act for audited financial statements.
Nor are they required to announce themselves before entering private property, as police officers must.
After the decision-in which fear of collateral damage was an important factor- not to use cruise missiles against Kandahar in December 1998, Shelton and officers in the Pentagon developed plans for using an AC-130 gunship instead of cruise missile strikes.
Profiling means a police officer using cumulative knowledge and training to identify certain indicators of possible criminal activity.
Is the Contracting Officer trained and experienced in information technology procurement?
Yet here is Schickel, quoting Eastwood's insistence that the film has no larger political agenda: "It's just the story of one particular police officer in a frustrating situation on one particular case."
The adequacy of controls over computerized data is also addressed indirectly by the Federal Managers' Financial Integrity Act of 1982 and the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990.
An airplane is a "craft," and its "crew," including a "captain," "first officer," and "purser," operates from a "deck" inside a "cabin."
While new technologies and reengineering of business processes may change how certifying and disbursing officers operate, their basic responsibilities and accountabilities remain unaltered.
Against Catholics there's less direct evidence of 'informal quotas,' but Oren got some former Yale admissions officers to admit that their colleagues discriminated against Catholics during this period.
The Committee is providing guidance and information to Chief Financial Officers and managers in the 24 agencies covered by the CFO Act.
The five officers charged pleaded not guilty and remain free on bond.
Wingrove, as Project Officer for NICHD, acted as co-moderator of focus groups, participated in analyzing focus group transcripts, preparing the manuscript, revising the manuscript, formulating the bibliography and advised on budgetary considerations.
An investigation discovered that the officer marched his troops faster than was recommended and ignored other safety procedures during a training exercise this summer.
, chief knowledge officers or chief technical officers) that diffuse responsibility across several senior-level managers.
Officers interrogated, thumb-cuffed, and body-searched me.
The ESU team on the 31st floor found the full collapse of the South Tower so unfathomable that they radioed back to the ESU officer at the command post and asked him to repeat his communication.
2300 hours: Engineer officer and I won our first round of the spades tournament.
Specifically, the senior executive reported in his self-assessment that during fiscal year 2001 he worked with local service officers to identify in advance those veterans planning to attend the town hall meetings, had their claims folders available for review at the meetings, and was thus able to enhance outreach programs.
In its heyday SCOSE was chaired by one of the academic members, which gave it a certain impartiality and independent force, and the circulation of its findings was the responsibility of a senior ABC officer and a trained secretary-cum-research assistant who was the servant of the committee and who reported to that officer.
For officers deciding to evacuate, see PAPD interview 10, GW Bridge Command (Sept.
While the WP focuses on all the political carping, it barely mentions that yesterday's Judiciary hearing was largely given over to the testimony of convicted perjurers, legal experts and several retired military officers, all discoursing on the nature and significance of perjury.
For officers assigned to rescue, see Port Authority transcripts of recorded Port Authority calls and radio channels, Sept. 11, 2001, vol.
Russia makes no serious effort to train them, because it doesn't have qualified noncommissioned officers, and its officers can't control the conscripts.
By the time the March 2000 cable arrived with information that one of the travelers had flown to Los Angeles, the case officer was no longer responsible for follow-up.
Zoning Enforcement Officer Ron Discher reported that the farm has stopped work on the paddock, an enclosed area where horses can graze and be mounted.
-- Chief information security officer at a major financial services corporation
(The magazine's New York PR officer called with the magazine's regrets.)
A CIA desk officer instructed him not to send the cable with this information.
The LAT says that this might keep Starr from questioning White House lawyer Bruce Lindsey and Secret Service officers until "well into next year."
In addition, the annual report is to include (1) an independent financial audit, (2) applicable financial and performance requirements under the Chief Financial Officers Act and the Results Act, (3) the results achieved by the Office relative to its goals, (4) an evaluation of the Chief Operating Officer's performance, (5) recommendations for legislative and regulatory changes to improve service and program integrity, and (6) other information as detailed by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
Many military officers have had some training in Florida or Texas for instance, and remain constructive residents of such low- or no-tax states for many years thereafter.
A Message From the Federal Chief Information Officers Council
Tudjman retained enough American support that the United States even allowed retired U.S. military officers to train the Croatian military, despite an arms embargo.
4This requirement applies only to situations where the law or regulation specifically identifies the entity to be audited, such as an audit of a specific agency's financial statements required by the Chief Financial Officers Act, as expanded by the Government Management Reform Act of 1994.
The state pampered officers with special stores, chauffeured cars, and dachas .
The Contracting Officer and Contracting Officer's Representative/Contracting Officer's Technical Representative should ensure that deliverables are received as required.
The program thought it could do this by a) making us watch Pepsi-sponsored movies featuring anti-drug propaganda and shrewd product placement; b) reinforcing the most obnoxious cliques on campus by choosing all the "All Star" officers from a popular group of athletes and cheerleaders (on average, B and C students who drank, smoked, and skipped class); c) doing everything possible to conceal the fact that high school's purpose is education; and d) giving us the opportunity to buy as much "All Star" merchandise as our parents could afford.
In addition, according to one of the ESU officers and one of the firefighters in the North Tower, at least some FDNY personnel were unwilling to take evacuation orders from police that morning.
And on Monday, when America Online announced its merger with Time Warner, AOL's Steve Case was designated chairman of the new corporation, and Time Warner's Gerald Levin was given the position of chief executive officer.
Accordingly, the Office of Management and Budget clarified its contingency plan instructions and, along with the Chief Information Officers Council, adopted GAO's business continuity and contingency planning guide for federal use, thus reducing the risks of disruption to major programs and services.
Besides the on-line book retailer, personally named in the suit is Amazon's chief information officer, whose previous job was at.
Tenet told us that given the recommendation of his chief operations officers, he alone had decided to "turn off " the operation.
Certainly from a former Cabinet officer, however, one would expect, if not word-for-word accuracy, at least some checking of his memory, especially when public documents are available.
The certifying officer, however, not only verifies that the voucher contains an administrative approval ensuring that the travel took place, but also performs numerous examination procedures to ensure all claims are within regulations and limitations.
Klaus Naumann, NATO's senior military officer.
Too many existing civil sanctions are imposed directly or indirectly (through company paid premiums on officers and directors insurance) on the company and ultimately the shareholders.
The announcement was organized by the NAACP, which suspects racism in the investigation because all the accused officers are black, and most of the accusers, white.
Some of VBA's decision review officers also told us that their ability to exercise their delegated authorities had been limited by the claims-processing backlogs.
Seventy-four percent of the officers but only 46 percent of the civilians favor school prayer.
Public safety organizations, chief administrative officers, state emergency management agencies, and the Department of Homeland Security should develop a regional focus within the emergency responder community and promote multi-jurisdictional mutual assistance compacts.
NYPD officer Justin Volpe pleaded guilty to sodomizing Abner Louima with a stick . After fellow cops testified against him, Volpe admitted his actions to the court in horrific detail.
David Devonshire Chief Financial Officer Ingersoll Rand Corporation (formerly with Owens Corning)
A man's trade became incorporated -- Smith blacksmith, Cooper barrel maker, Gardener, Farmer , and the less obvious, Pinder keeper of the pound, Parker and Hayward officers responsible for the care of game and of fences.
Association for Federal Information Resources Management: www.affirm.org Chief Financial Officers Council: www.financenet.gov Federal Chief Information Officers Council: www.cio.gov Government Information Technology Services Board: www.gits.gov Industry Advisory Council: www.iaconline.org Information Systems Audit and Control Association and Foundation: www.iasca.org Information Technology Association of America: www.itaa.org Information Technology Resources Board: www.itrb.gov International Federation of Accountants: www.ifac.org National Association of State Information Resource Executives: www.nasire.org Society for Information Management: www.simnet.org
It's USAT that recognizes this as the most damaging detail, emphasizing it above all else in its headline--"Soldiers Lack Confidence in Their Officers"--and lead: "Soldiers have deep misgivings about their commanders and don't feel confident about following them into combat, a harsh Army report said Thursday."
In an effort to significantly upgrade the expertise of information security officers in its various business units, the central group at the financial services corporation had recently arranged for an outside firm to provide 5 weeks of training for these individuals.
"Three things you will need if you are a 110-year-old black writer intent on composing your autobiography on a manual typewriter in an outdoor location where New York police officers may happen to walk by."
Gilbert Casellas is currently the President and Chief Operating Officer of the Swarthmore Group, an Investment and Financial Advisory firm located in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
I was commanding officer of the largest squadron in the United States Navy.
The Federal Chief Information Officer: Third Annual Top Ten Challenges Survey, Association for Federal Information Resources Management, November, 1998; Implementing Best Practices, Capital Planning and IT Investment Committee, Federal CIO Council, June 1998; The Impact of Change: Clinger-Cohen Act Implementation, Laying the Foundation for Year 2000 and Beyond, Eighth Annual ITAA Survey of Federal CIOs, Grant Thornton LLP, December 1997; and IAC/CIO Task Force Draft Report, Federal Chief Information Officer«s Working Group and Industry Advisory Council, July 9, 1996.
A former CIA officer attacks the agency for recruiting tons of useless foreign agents who file reams of worthless intelligence reports.
To determine the applicability of the leading organization's practices to federal agencies, we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials, including officials in OMB's Information Policy and Technology Branch, the Computer Security Division of NIST's Information Technology Laboratory, CIO Council members, the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council's systems subcommittee, information security officers from 15 federal agencies, and members of the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection.
Last week Israel also ordered the PA to arrest one of its high-ranking police officers for planning an attack on a Jewish settlement.
The chief executive officers (CEO) of leading organizations understand the important role the CFO and the finance organization play in improving the entity's overall business performance.
The NYT lead editorial has this reaction to the crime: "If an armed police officer has to be stationed outside every abortion provider's home and office, 24 hours a day, let it be done."
Stephens, Charlotte S., The Nature of Information Technology Managerial Work: The Work Life of Five Chief Information Officers (Quorum Books, Westport, Connecticut, 1995).
In the first, was the Ferret galley with several general officers and a number of ladies.”
The police officers reluctantly began descending, checking that the lower floors were clear of civilians.
The trouble is that Kalugin helped plan the kidnapping of Nicholas Shadrin, a former Soviet naval officer who was a highly-valued double agent for the CIA.
After a number of contacts were made through intermediaries, the officer set the price at $1.
In Claggart, the officer who tries to frame Billy for the crime of mutiny, we find a nautical version of Kenneth Starr.
Although all the radios were capable of using more than one channel, most PAPD officers used one local channel.
But both understood what being an officer meant.
The project manager or Contracting Officer's Technical Representative may be the best source for problem reports.
, home to police officers and firemen; to Broken Arrow, Okla., on the buckle of the Bible Belt.
During the first broadcast, the captain or first officer could be heard declaring "Mayday" amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit.
The scandal began as a limited investigation of two officers in the LAPD's Rampart Division, which covers eight square miles west of downtown.
In particular, the units that process payments under the direction of the certifying and disbursing officers should have in place effective internal control activities6 to ensure payments are legal, proper, valid, and accurate and that duplicate payments are avoided.
Question about that: Just as papers routinely appeal to citizens to provide information they might have about unsolved crimes or fugitives, why doesn't the LAT invite readers who think they've been mistreated by the officers in question to come forward?
The Counterterrorist Center at CIA, for example, recruits liaison officers from throughout the intelligence community.
The key elements are, says the author, that China doesn't normally pay an agent for information, request the provision of classified documents, use intelligence officers to elicit information, or engage in clandestine activity in the United States.
However, security managers at many of the organizations told us that their chief executive officers or other very senior executives had an ongoing interest in information technology and security, which translated into an organizationwide emphasis on these areas.
The Symposium, while not yet a formalized body, is a broad working group that has included representatives of the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals, several Circuit Court judges, two Federal District Court judges, and the President and other officers of the State Bar.
CIA officer Harold James Nicholson was arrested and charged with spying for Russia . He allegedly sold the identities and profiles of new agents for $120,000.
Financial Officers Council, GPRA Implementation Committee, May 1995.
Critics are harsh on the film's premise and execution, but a few find bright spots in Judd's beauty and Tommy Lee Jones' gritty turn as her parole officer.
CIA officers described Massoud's reaction when he heard that the United States wanted him to capture and not kill Bin Ladin.
"I think I also have an obligation to deal with the hurt and the harm done to these police officers who were put in a position where they had to kill your son."
Because certifying officers' responsibilities cover the payment they authorized, their responsibilities can extend to most aspects of a transaction.
A career military officer, he left my mother and his four children little in an economic sense, but the mementos of his life, including photographs, his military decorations and the memories of those whose lives he touched, are cherished to this day.
The senior security officer at this organization noted that, when rules such as this are aimed at users, it is especially important that they be stated in clearly understandable, relatively nontechnical language.
(For example, after the Rodney King verdict and ensuing riots in 1992, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals concluded that the San Francisco Police Department had acted improperly in ordering officers to disband all future protests.)
For officers not receiving the evacuation order, see PAPD interview 7, WTC Command (Nov.
A profile of a rookie cop says police work is improving because street officers have been given more responsibility.
Within minutes of impact, Port Authority police officers from the PATH, bridges, tunnels, and airport commands began responding to the WTC.
Only 10 percent of the officers but 37 percent of the civilians think capital punishment should be banned.
In late October, a group of officers from the Counterterrorist Center flew into the Panjshir Valley to meet up with Massoud, a hazardous journey in rickety helicopters that would be repeated several times in the future.
The breakup of the U.S.S.R. shattered the army into 15 pieces, as Russia lost nukes, ships, bases, and many of its best officers to newly independent republics.
He had trouble getting any Directorate of Operations officer to run it; he finally recruited a former analyst who was then running the Islamic Extremist Branch of the Counterterrorist Center.
An officer told me that we couldn't drive any farther, although pedestrians were allowed in the area, and I was free to walk home.
Once approved, by signature, the form without the supporting documents was forwarded to Treasury (for civil agencies) or another unit under the disbursing officer (for DOD) for actual payment.
For inducement to be proved, officers must have used coercive or persuasive tactics.
Also by about 9:00, transit officers began shutting down subway stations in the vicinity of the World Trade Center and evacuating civilians from those stations.
Thomas Bruder, one of the four officers accused, tells his story, blaming the others.
Educating court and law enforcement officers is a program priority, Crockett said, because in that emotional and painful situation "sensitivity and education is absent" among some who deal with victims.
The Star reports that "on nearly a dozen occasions in the last three months, Hillary has viciously lashed out at numerous Secret Service officers for getting in her way."
According to Lance, the Philippine police officer, who after 9/11 offered the much more elaborate account of Murad's statements reported in Lance's book, claims to have passed this added information to U.S. officials.
An ATF officer told the Times that the survey did not take enough into account, like understaffing or the number of cases referred to state officials.
Putting themselves in danger of falling debris, several officers entered the plaza and successfully rescued at least one injured, nonambulatory civilian, and attempted to rescue others.
"[Saddam], being a parolee, is not in a position to determine who his parole officer will be."
The city of Boone gave Schroeder $6,300 in July to resolve pending cases, said Kathy Berg, Boone's finance officer.
But how could they be properly supervised by overworked, underpaid probation officers with scores of cases to manage?
Client Centered Legal Services of Southwest Virginia, Incorporated and Hugh F. O'Donnell, its executive director (collectively, "CCLS"), appeal an order of the district court granting judgment in favor of the Legal Services Corporation and two of its officers (collectively, "the LSC") on CCLS's claims that various actions by the LSC exceeded its statutory and regulatory authority.
So an off-duty officer stopped in a speed trap will try to escape by murmuring to the traffic officer, I'm in the job, mate, or perhaps just I'm job.
It is establishing a program for certifying agents as intelligence officers, a certification that will be a prerequisite for promotion to the senior ranks of the Bureau.
Keep in mind, again, that the data are not good to begin with; this is simply the opinion of an officer who arrived on the scene after the fact.
On the PAPD officer reaching the 44th floor, see PAPD interview 7, WTC Command (Nov.
In briefings to international aid workers in Pristina, one K-For officer warned of "contaminated dust" at the scene of depleted uranium munitions explosions and urged aid officials to stay 150 feet away from targets hit in NATO airstrikes.
CIA officers were able to map the entire site, identifying the houses that belonged to Bin Ladin's wives and the one where Bin Ladin himself was most likely to sleep.
Based on a grim novel by the Baron of Bleak, Russell Banks, and set in a frigid town in northern New Hampshire, Affliction tells the story of Wade Whitehouse (Nick Nolte), a part-time police officer and full-time flunky, who's constitutionally unequipped to survive a succession of personal and professional crises.
The field officer passed these instructions to the tribals word for word.
"We're not scientists, we're police officers," added department spokesman Frank Pasquarello.
It announced a program for hiring and training better officers with counterterrorism skills, recruiting more assets, and trying to penetrate al Qaeda's ranks.
"For your protection and mine, stop talking and let me finish my job," the officer replied.
The individuals who were involved in the organizations had various technical and business backgrounds-such as information security specialists, computer scientists, engineers, auditors, lawyers, law enforcement officers, and medical professionals.
If a politician were to say today that he opposes abortion except when yadda yadda yadda , we would all know what he means, and we would know what was meant if, after an arrest, a police officer pulled out a card and just said yadda yadda
NYPD helicopters and ESU officers remained on the scene throughout the morning, prepared to commence rescue operations on the roof if conditions improved.
The session begins with a bizarre dialogue about Michael Jackson--an African-American superstar who in the Iraqi officer's view was driven by bigotry to whiten his face and straighten his hair--and winds up with the Iraqi pouring oil down Barlow's throat in a brutal effort to drive home the war's real aim.
Though obviously unreliable, Ames had been protected and promoted by fellow officers while he paid his bills by selling to the Soviet Union the names of U.S. operatives and agents, a number of whom died as a result.
A recent news item in The Times [November 1992] published in the international press presumably to call delighted attention to the obtuseness of the chief of police of Dearborn, Michigan, concerned an officer who was suspended for three days to seek psychiatric help in disabusing himself of his obsession for writing the figure 7 with a bar through it to distinguish it from the figure 1, a disambiguating practice long followed in Europe where it is the practice to write 1 to look like the left half of an upward-pointing arrow.
For the officers climbing, see PAPD statement 3, WTC Command, Nov. 12, 2001.
Sheriff Jones, a huge 64-year-old white lawman who dresses for work in plaid shirts and suspenders, was one of the most feared law officers during the civil rights era.
As of September 11, the Port Authority lacked any standard operating procedures to govern how officers from multiple commands would respond to and then be staged and utilized at a major incident at the WTC.
Consider for instance, the following item in today's Times : "An article on July 18 about allegations of sexual misconduct among New York City police officers misstated the street number of what was said to be a brothel frequented by officers.
One senior security officer noted, "Sharing information and solutions is important.
Officer David Mack was arrested in late 1997 for robbing a bank of more than $700,000.
At 9:01, the NYPD patrol mobilization point was moved to West and Vesey in order to handle the greater number of patrol officers dispatched in the higher-level mobilization.
This year, the Secret Service costs taxpayers about $590 million and employs more than 4,600 people--including 2,000 special agents (whose responsibilities include presidential protection) and 1,200 officers in the Uniformed Division.
The NSC staff 's Paul Kurtz wrote to then national security adviser Samuel Berger, "We noted while there was no information regarding potential attacks in the U.S. they should inform their officers to remain vigilant."
The problem is that, of the 3,100 member U.N. police force planned for Kosovo, only 156 officers are there yet, and the NATO troops in the area haven't been able to close the gap.
Most often the title is usedAuthority (SSA) when the selection process is formal and the official is other than the Contracting Officer.
To frame the question less contentiously: Did the scattered theologians, bureaucrats, army officers, and (in one case) ordinary housewives who defied Hitler act more as isolated individuals than as a concerted movement?
As early as mid-1997, one CIA officer wrote to his supervisor: "All we're doing is holding the ring until the cavalry gets here."
To be sure, "superfluity" overstates the case, since Grove will remain at Intel as chairman of the board, while Craig Barrett, who will become CEO May 20, has already been running much of the company's day-to-day business as president and chief operating officer.
Perhaps the terrorists stabbed the flight attendants to get a cockpit key, to force one of them to open the cockpit door, or to lure the captain or first officer out of the cockpit.
Since then, he has accused several officers of dealing drugs, making wrongful arrests, planting evidence, and abusing suspects.
The military's Central Command has its own interagency center, recruiting liaison officers from all the agencies from which it might need help.
Princess Diana's musings, in her sea of troubles , could go back to her association with a nayful of knaves , particularly one, one of an execution of officers who have betrayed her confidences.
With budgets for the CIA shrinking after the end of the Cold War, it was not surprising that, with some notable exceptions, new hires in the Clandestine Service tended to have qualifications similar to those of serving officers: that is, they were suited for traditional agent recruitment or for exploiting liaison relationships with foreign services but were not equipped to seek or use assets inside the terrorist network.
Everybody makes front-page mention of yesterday's surprise resignation by the Air Force's top officer, Gen.
1 For example, the information on who was present at each of the group meetings conducted by the NEPDG can be used to confirm that only full-time officers or employees of the federal government attended the meetings and thus rule out the possibility that the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) is applicable to meetings of the group.
The conning officer reports that all small arms, ammunition, and pyrotechnics have been inspected.
GAO reviewed defense contracts and audited the accounts of Army and Navy disbursing officers.
The announcement was organized by the NAACP, which suspects racism in the investigation because all the accused officers are black, and most of the accusers, white.
The primary purpose of the supervisor's approval of staff's travel vouchers is to help the certifying officer ensure that all claims are valid when certified.
The writer, a long-time intelligence officer, observes that, "Most of our counter-terrorism successes are against loners."
We sympathize with the working-level officers, drowning in information and trying to decide what is important or what needs to be done when no particular action has been requested of them.
None of the reporting mentions it, but this sort of development is sadly familiar--it was reported after the fact that the Marines' commanding officer in Beirut in 1983 had expressed grave concern to his superiors about the vulnerability of his troops to hostile forces operating in the area.
To diversify its officer corps, the Army began targeting scholarship money disproportionately to ROTC programs at historically black colleges and began heavily recruiting blacks for West Point.
GSA, Guide for Contracting Officers' Technical
But I suggested that Time might want to make a contribution to one of the charities of which I am an officer and director, Recording for the Blind & Dyslexic.
The collapse of the South Tower forced the evacuation of the PAPD command post on West and Vesey, compelling PAPD officers to move north.
' Charles Stedman's History of the American War described, “It is to the famous Mischianza that we allude, or festival given in honor of sir William Howe, by some of the British officers at Philadelphia, when he was about to give up his command to return to England.”
The security officers at the computer vendor said that because the company's information security policies emphasized user behavior, they were included in the organization's employee code of conduct.
"There was a tragic element to his life story," waxed the New York Times . Cisneros is the second ex-Clinton Cabinet officer to be indicted--following Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy--and would have been the third, according to pundits, if Commerce Secretary Ron Brown hadn't died in a plane crash.
Further accountability can be achieved by ensuring that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department (e.g, Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA), Chief Financial Officers Act, Clinger-Cohen Act, etc.).
Some conspirators, certainly, were cold-blooded pragmatists; others were disaffected front-line officers who had suffered on the Eastern front.
For recollections of the NMCC officer, see Charles Chambers interview (Apr.
The finding: "[M]inorities were less likely to receive information about loan products, received less time and information from loan officers and were quoted higher interest rates ..."
authorize the Comptroller General to release officers and employees in RIFs which are carried out for purposes of downsizing, realignment or correcting skills imbalances.
Military officers and the Republican candidates blasted Bradley and Gore for crossing "a boundary between social politics and military policy."
EPA Project Officer: Ravi K. Srivastava National Risk Management Laboratory Research Triangle Park, NC 27711 
The WP , NYT , and USAT go front-page with the bombing yesterday at an Alabama abortion clinic that killed an off-duty police officer working there as a security guard.
After completing and signing the voucher, it would be approved by the supervisor, then forwarded to the certifying officer's location, certified for payment, and payment made to the traveler.
Among other things, he is missing the name of the judge who supposedly let Bush off, the name of the arresting officer, the police station, the date and circumstances of the arrest.
See, e.g., CIA officers' visits to Tashkent noted in CIA briefing materials, DCI Update, "Islamic Extremist Terrorist Threat," Feb. 18, 2000; CIA briefing materials, EXDIR Update, Visit to Tashkent, Apr.
After receiving a tip from a former Mexican police officer, U.S. and Mexican law enforcement agents began excavating the sites near Ciudad Juarez, just south of El Paso, Texas.
He said the Association recognizes that many foreign service officers frequently travel long distances and would therefore receive considerable benefits from such legislation.
In Birmingham in 1918 it was possible to buy a manual designed to enable local speakers to correct their accents, since, as its author claimed, “to no one is the absence of local dialect more important than to the young officer in the army”.
1 Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance (QA) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management, and includes the following: (1) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program;
And it's a measure of the seriousness with which they're taken that deans and admissions officers compete fiercely to better their schools' rankings from year to year.
Action officers should have drawn on all available knowledge in the government.
Prompted by the recent murder of a NYC plainclothes officer during a drug bust, the NYT has an informative take-out on undercover work, which points out that about twice a month a NYC undercover officer is shot during a buy, and five or six times a month, one is forced at gunpoint by dealers to use coke or heroin.
For the account of the desk officer, see DOJ Inspector General interview of Michael D., Oct. 31, 2002.
She was hailed by the parliament's presiding officer as "Queen of Scots," the first monarch to be thus addressed since 1707.
A career military officer, Musharraf was thought to have the political strength to confront and influence the Pakistani military intelligence service, which supported the Taliban.
So she was incensed at finding herself humiliated repeatedly by Zeus' philandering and reduced to being his sexual parole officer.
FAA memo,"Full Transcription; Air Traffic Control System Command Center, National Traffic Management Officer, East Position; September 11, 2001,"Oct.
Among other innovations, Corbett has teamed local probation officers with local police officers.
The Contracting Officer or other contracting personnel participated in the alternatives analysis to ensure that a feasible acquisition approach was selected.
Then, Chief Technology Officer Nathan Myhrvold will give a demonstration of Microsoft Air Bag TM , experimental software to protect users from physical harm when their computers crash.
However, he noted that these officers are often assigned to hardship locations that require difficult travel.
The President's military aide, an Air Force officer, quickly researched the options and, sometime around 10:20, identified Barksdale Air Force Base as an appropriate interim destination.
[Pictures of lush land, with mountains in the background are shown, then police officers in riot gear forcibly ousting the men,] ". . whom the government calls invaders, as well as their cattle.
In the folk dramas of El Teatro Campesino (the Farmworkers’ Theater), la migra was often characterized as an unscrupulous arrogant patrol officer who accepted bribes from the growers and ordered raids in the agricultural fields to arrest undocumented immigrants the day before payday.
Thomas Bruder, one of the four officers accused, tells his story, blaming the others.
And we flag down an officer and he comes and he tries and tells us, he proceeds to tell us there was a black belt, wait the murder belt?
All civilians who reached the lobby were directed by NYPD and PAPD officers into the concourse, where other police officers guided them to exit the concourse and complex to the north and east so that they might avoid falling debris and victims.
The goal of the American Cancer Society, __ Unit, is to reach the employees and officers of every business in the county with important cancer information.
and the police officer told me that um
A bronze statue depicting a young man with bound hands stands in the courtyard where Graf von Stauffenberg and other army officers (who conspired to blow up Hitler on 20 July 1944) were shot.
Well, I worked as a police officer for the town of Matthews for about four and a half years until recently.
Thomas V. Fritz President & Chief Executive Officer Private Sector Council
When I think of grace, I am reminded of the many Salvation Army officers and employees who selflessly dedicate their lives to the poor and brokenhearted.
The story with respect to Port Authority police officers in the NorthTower is less complicated; most of them lacked access to the radio channel on which the Port Authority police evacuation order was given.
Well, they had warden's houses, all the officers, all the guards; they all lived there.
However, they then found that the young men who took over the female roles were also attracting ardent devotees among military officers and even priests — homosexuality at that time was not yet frowned upon.
i liked him because even though he's a law enforcement officer you know sometimes the laws are kind of ridiculous and you need to sometimes break them to get your point across and for a good reason
The military's officer corps, especially the Army's, has been successfully transformed from a clubby elite, where promotions depended on golfing partners, into a more integrated meritocracy.
Deliberations on proposed mail classification changes follow proceedings in which an opportunity for on the record hearings is afforded to mail users and an officer of the Commission required to represent the interests of the general public.
the uh criminal area for very long as a as a police officer as uh someone who works for the court system or whatever
The Daily Telegraph reported fears by senior officers that the new code of conduct would damage recruitment and lead to a flood of courts-martial, with service personnel being punished for what in civilian life is perfectly acceptable behavior.
Others sent their daughters to the harem or their sons to serve as officers in the imperial army.
Also, during the first three months of 1997, she had met twice with the organization's chief executive officer, at his request, to discuss the security implications of new applications.
you know like police officers firemen doctors anybody who has you know who's important whose decisions are important and you know that's
One of the film's most outlandish (and effective) scenes is the torture of Barlow by an Iraqi officer (Saïd Taghmaoui) who wants to "educate" him.
Vault 3, the smallest so far opened to the public, is a command post with 68 officers in war robes.
The agency's Contracting Officer and Contracting Officer's Representative/Contracting Officer's Technical Representative hold primary responsibility for administering the contract.
wonder what those California officers do when they have those you know twenty and thirty car pileups on the highway if it'd take a officers uh you know whole army of officers just to do the paperwork
The story's body quotes a B-1 officer saying that "vindication might not be the right word," and waits until the ninth paragraph to reveal that "the Pentagon had not yet been able to assess the damage done by the bombers' strikes."
Two hundred years ago, after Napoleon sent his army officers to explore the land and bring back the first hand-drawn impressions of half-buried statues and columns, the world couldn’t get enough.
Though some officers, particularly in the Bin Ladin unit, were eager for the mission, most were not.
and that i heard that uh and i don't particularly like Richard Gere i guess the only movie that i that i liked that he was in was Officer and a Gentleman and even then you know that was kind of pushing it
Then came the accusation of treason in 1894 against the French army officer Alfred Dreyfus, who happened to be Jewish, and the subsequent division of French society into French nationalists convinced of Dreyfus' guilt and those equally convinced of his innocence.
The governor, a scholarly retired naval officer with good intentions, was accompanied by a contingent of 80 Spanish soldiers, most of retirement age.
Other NYPD officers helping evacuees on the mezzanine level of the North Tower were enveloped in the debris cloud that resulted from the SouthTower's collapse.
and apparently no charges were filed against the owner of the gun who happened to be a police officer
An inside piece at the Times explains one factor behind Defense Secretary William Cohen's recent call to raise military pay: lured by high salaries and quality of life, juicier retirement packages, and limitless opportunity for advancement, officers trained in finance and technology are retreating to the private sector.
The Italian Army was the least well prepared of the combatants, lacking artillery, machine guns, trucks, and properly trained officers, but the infantry showed remarkable courage in the trenches.
Some of these officers in the North Tower decided to evacuate, either on their own or in consultation with other first responders they came across.
well you know i'm home a little too often i think they're they're not calling substitutes that often but at any rate um i had taken a state test to be of all things a court officer
But it's Karmazin, who will be president and chief operating officer of the new company, who's really essential to Viacom's future, because it's Karmazin who recognizes that no matter what you make, if people don't see it or hear it, it doesn't matter.
A landed gentry made up of army officers, government officials, and commercial speculators ran the province, creating a hereditary aristocracy known as the Family Compact.
19Chief Financial Officers Council, Streamlining Governmentwide Statutory Reports (Jan.
for the um oh you know we work with the banking officers
Prompted by the recent murder of a NYC plainclothes officer during a drug bust, the NYT has an informative take-out on undercover work, which points out that about twice a month a NYC undercover officer is shot during a buy, and five or six times a month, one is forced at gunpoint by dealers to use coke or heroin.
Launched on the River Clyde in Scotland in 1936 for the Cunard line, the Queen Mary is 1,019 ft (310 m) long, displaces 81,237 tons, and carried a complement of 1,174 officers and crew, with accommodation for 1,959 passengers.
As a result, it is important for the Congress to give serious consideration to creating a deputy secretary for management/chief operating officer (COO) position within the department to provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key infrastructure and stewardship issues while helping to facilitate the transition and transformation process.
what they call ambulance chasing and go after it you know it's quite easy to go after and follow a fire department or a police officer
Every self-respecting dictator will decorate himself with grand military titles--but let us set these baubles aside and concentrate on dictatorships run by genuine career military officers.
Southwest of the Invalides is the Ecole Militaire, where officers have trained since the middle of the 18th century.
Two on-duty NYPD officers were on the 20th floor of the North Tower at 8:46.
right yeah we real we've become aware of that we have a there's a loan officer through our church too that i think could help us better you know he does that full time with the bank you know
As a security officer at Microsoft, I would like to respond to Charles Simonyi's "I Fit the Profile."
On the opposite side of the road a lane leads to the site of the prison where thousands of people were tortured and executed between 1933 and 1945, including many of the officers involved in the Stauffenberg plot.
Lewin had served four years as an officer in the Israeli military.
For officers on the ground floors, see PAPD interview 4, Port Authority BusTerminal Command (Nov.
, chief knowledge officers or chief technical officers) that diffuse responsibility across several senior-level managers.
The Chief Financial Officers Act requires agencies to develop and maintain financial management systems that provide complete, reliable, consistent, and timely information.
For officers assisting in the North Tower evacuation, see NYPD memo, request for departmental recognition 1 and 2, June 26, 2002.
It is unclear, however, whether non-ESU NYPD officers operating on the ground floors, and in a few cases on upper floors, of the WTC were as well coordinated.
Each toxicity test laboratory should (1) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program; (2) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives (DQOs); (3) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures (SOPs) for culturing, toxicity testing, instrument calibration, sample chain-of-custody procedures, laboratory sample tracking system, glassware cleaning, etc.; and (4) provide an adequate, qualified technical staff for culturing and testing the organisms, and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data.
State Department consular officers around the world, it should not be forgotten, were constantly challenged by the problem of terrorism, for they handled visas for travel to the United States.
There was no central location where the required information was being posted, and several of them did not have decontamination supplies,' said Britta Campbell, an EPA enforcement officer who conducted most of the farm inspections.
To the CTC, that meant proceeding with "the Plan," which it had put forward half a year earlier-hiring and training more case officers and building up the capabilities of foreign security services that provided intelligence via liaison.
In April 2001, the Director of Congressional Affairs for the Foreign Service Officers Association told us that the Association would support legislation that would allow federal employees to keep for personal use frequent flyer miles earned on official travel.
If the tribals captured Bin Ladin, the officer assured them that he would receive a fair trial under U.S. law and be treated humanely.
For other officers' positioning, see NYPD interview 20, Manhattan SouthTask Force (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 21, 6th Precinct (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 19, 13th Precinct (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 4, Housing (Feb.
In the opinion of one of the ESU officers, some of these firefighters essentially refused to take orders from cops.
Audits conducted under the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, as expanded by the Government Management Reform Act of 1994, also have specific audit requirements prescribed by OMB in the areas of compliance and internal control.
FBI agents and analysts in the field need to have sustained support and dedicated resources to become stronger intelligence officers.
IRS reported that during a fiscal year 2000 pilot program, revenue officers with delegated authorities prepared 257 non-filer cases involving tax assessments of about $3.
One instance in which the FDNY/NYPD rivalry may have had an impact on the total fatalities was the alleged failure of ESU officers descending past at least two firefighters after 9:59 in the North Tower to share their evacuation instructions.
6, 2004); Benedict Sliney interview (May 21, 2004); FAA memo, "Full Transcription; Air Traffic Control System Command Center, National Traffic Management Officer, East Position; September 11, 2001," Oct. 21, 2003, pp. 14, 27.
We interviewed various officials, including chief financial officers, chief information officers, business unit executives, state executive and legislative branch officials, treasurers, controllers, internal auditors, agency administrators, and human resource specialists.
Mr. Bookstaver's reasoning for the delay went deeper than journalistic instinct, back to his years as press officer for the Emergency Services Unit of the New York Fire Department.
After the South Tower was hit, the ESU officer running this command post decided to send one ESU team (each with approximately six police officers) up each of the Twin Towers' stairwells.
32Implementation of the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA), Chief Financial Officers
Beyea, a lawyer at Pine Tree Legal Services, conducted the study and said she surveyed district court judges, case management officers, family law attorneys and people registered to be GALs.
Similarly, Berger recalled that to go to war, a president needs to be able to say that his senior intelligence and law enforcement officers have concluded who is responsible.
In an effort to significantly upgrade the expertise of information security officers in its various business units, the central group at the financial services corporation had recently arranged for an outside firm to provide 5 weeks of training for these individuals.
The aircraft was a Boeing 757 piloted by Captain Charles F. Burlingame and First Officer David Charlebois.
Military officers in the Joint Staff told us that they shared this sense of frustration.
Such a list provides the official administratively approving the voucher (usually the traveler's supervisor) and the certifying officer additional evidence for determining the reasonableness of the claims.
Title 7, "Fiscal Guidance," provides guidance in several areas including areas covering our responsibility to settle accounts of accountable officers, issue internal control standards, and respond to agencies that inquire about these matters.
Theresa de Leon, Legal Aid's chief operating officer, said as the agency searched for new office space, it learned that buying a building would be less expensive than renting one.
The compromise position of several committees has been to transfer responsibility for visa policy to the proposed department, while retaining the cadre of overseas visa officers within State.
They were hampered by not knowing how many officers were responding to the site and where those officers were operating.
Guide for Contracting Officer's Technical Representatives
Because decision review officers have more flexibility to address appeals informally, creating this new position provided the opportunity to streamline the process and save time.
The specific form was forwarded along with the related supporting documents to the agency certifying or disbursing officer for review and approval.
Determine the authority and experience level of theContracting Officer's Technical Representative.
But Lance states the Philippine officer declined to identify these officials.
Contracting Officer (CO).
USAT , the WP , and LAT front (while the NYT stuffs) the fascinating spy story unfolding in Washington, where the day before yesterday it was announced that a career Russian intelligence officer was sent packing after being caught engaging in an eavesdropping operation against the State Department.
Determine whether the Contracting Officer is trained and experienced in information technology acquisitions.
The national database in which this information is kept allows officers at the scene to code multiple reasons for an accident; they do, indeed, tend to cite "excessive speed for conditions" as a contributing factor quite frequently.
But NEADS did not know where to send the alert fighter aircraft, and the officer directing the fighters pressed for more information:"I don't know where I'm scrambling these guys to.
Fill in the blank on this tax tip from a Washington state IRS collection officer.
Department of the Air Force, where he served as the chief legal officer and final legal authority to more than 2000 military, civilian, and reserve attorneys.
The conning officer is guided by my Standing Orders, which is a compendium of actions to take when I'm not on the bridge.
When the decision came back that they should stand down, not shoot, the officer said,"we all just slumped."
The presidential smoking ban would, says the WP , "set a standard policy across the government and extend existing prohibitions to places currently exempt, such as military officers' clubs."
After the end of the Gulf War, concerns about lack of warning led to a major study conducted for DCI Robert Gates in 1992 that proposed several recommendations, among them strengthening the national intelligence officer for warning.
A passionate Dreyfusard, Monet supported his friend Zola in his defense of the French army officer falsely accused of passing secrets to the Germans.
The CIA officer does not recall this particular identification and thus cannot say why it was not shared with his FBI colleague.
Christian Coalition head Pat Robertson described himself in résumés and a published autobiography as a Marine officer assigned to combat duty during the Korean War.
We also conclude that at least some members of each of five companies knew to evacuate (two firefighters from Ladder Company 10; the officer of Ladder Company 20; all but the officer of Engine Company 10; at least two firefighters from Squad 18; and at least three firefighters from Engine 6).
For officers being diverted, see, e.g., NYPD interview 21, 6th Precinct (May 4, 2004).
“But critics have since questioned the need for the United States to maintain the 45-square-foot military base [at Guantanamo, Cuba]--whose day-to-day mission, officers say, is primarily Naval fleet training.”
In our interviews, some military officers repeatedly invoked the analogy of Desert One and the failed 1980 hostage rescue mission in Iran.
The paper's Moscow correspondent claimed to have seen a video in which a Russian officer captured by the Chechens made the allegations.
Military officers reviewed the capture plan and, according to "Mike," "found no showstoppers."
Over half of street-level juvenile probation officers earn less than $30,000 a year.
The Port Authority's on-site commanding police officer was standing in the concourse when a fireball erupted out of elevator shafts and exploded onto the mall concourse, causing him to dive for cover.
Hackworth wrote in Newsweek , "It is simply unthinkable an experienced officer would wear decorations he is not entitled to, awards that others bled for.
Let me also note that Gene L. Dodaro, GAO's Chief Operating Officer, would make a terrific Deputy Comptroller General.
The Los Angeles Times , however, leads with the day's dollop of the city's metastasizing police brutality and corruption scandal: that a police captain chose to ignore officers' allegations of a stationhouse beating of a suspect.
We suggested that agencies inform all travelers that random samples of payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of further verifying the validity of the payments and, for those selected transactions, travelers would be required to forward all related documents to the certifying or payment officer's location for review.
Kelly Flinn does not excuse the Air Force pilot, but emphasizes that her superior officers treated her clumsily, and that her lover Michael Zigo was "a cad."
The Goldwater- Nichols Act required officers to serve tours outside their service in order to win promotion.
), Metabolife felt ill-used by 20/20 's Arnold Diaz when he interviewed its chief executive officer, Mike Ellis, about the safety and efficacy of Metabolife's popular herbal diet pills.
Special Operations Forces into Afghanistan, perhaps as part of a team joined to a deployment of the CIA's own officers, would have required a major policy initiative (probably combined with efforts to secure the support of at least one or two neighboring countries) to make a long-term commitment, establish a durable presence on the ground, and be prepared to accept the associated risks and costs.
Well, yes--he attended the Merchant Marine Academy and was in the Naval Reserves, which (as one officer pointed out) meant he had experience with guns.
Invoking President Bush's own language, Clarke wrote,"You are left with a modest effort to swat flies, to try to prevent specific al Qida attacks by using [intelligence] to detect them and friendly governments' police and intelligence officers to stop them.
Sixty-four percent of the military officers but only 30 percent of the civilians surveyed are Republicans.
The senior security officer at this organization noted that, when rules such as this are aimed at users, it is especially important that they be stated in clearly understandable, relatively nontechnical language.
The paper reports that the case is being watched closely in Congress, where there are concerns that officers get treated more leniently than enlisted men.
The Federal Chief Information Officer: Third Annual Top Ten Challenges Survey, Association for Federal Information Resources Management, November, 1998; Implementing Best Practices, Capital Planning and IT Investment Committee, Federal CIO Council, June 1998; The Impact of Change: Clinger-Cohen Act Implementation, Laying the Foundation for Year 2000 and Beyond, Eighth Annual ITAA Survey of Federal CIOs, Grant Thornton LLP, December 1997; and IAC/CIO Task Force Draft Report, Federal Chief Information Officer«s Working Group and Industry Advisory Council, July 9, 1996.
And while in theory that information could be--and sometimes is--the product of especially dedicated digging or sharp analysis, it's often the product of a phone call to a chief financial officer, or comes from a vice president who lets slip that the fourth quarter is looking especially good.
At least one NYPD officer from this area managed to evacuate out toward 5 WTC, where he teamed up with a Port Authority police officer and acted as a spotter in advising the civilians who were still exiting when they could safely run from 1 WTC to 5 WTC and avoid being struck by people and debris falling from the upper floors.
Believing that the two crimes were connected, investigators began to examine whether other Rampart officers participated in or knowingly overlooked such misconduct.
reengineer its claims processing, established a new decision review officer position and provided employees in those positions the authority to review and change claims decisions that veterans appealed.
What is less clear is whether this was orchestrated from the highest levels of the Indonesian government or rather was the more spontaneous expression of officers' personal sentiments.
Traditionally, certifying or disbursing officers2 responsibilities extended throughout the payment process.
I like to see the gleam in the eye of a young officer when she handles the ship well alongside the pier; mastering the effects of wind, tide, and current.
In the first success factor, the CIO depends to a great extent on the other senior executive officers to support the inclusion of the CIO in critical strategic discussions.
The paper said that although the police cannot use sneaker stereotyping to arrest people, officers are told to watch out for suspicious shoes.
Also in the North Tower, one team of PAPD officers was in the mid-20s and another was in the lower 20s.
This after Giuliani announced a controversial homeless policy that involved police officers rousting homeless people, with some going to jail.
Numerous NYPD officers saw the plane strike the North Tower and immediately reported it to NYPD communications dispatchers.
The major exception: the turn-of-the-century Officers Section, which is crowded with lavish markers . These stone angels, huge crosses, marble cannonballs--and even a cannon--were paid for by soldiers' families.
There is no evidence that PAPD officers without WTC Command radios received an evacuation order by radio.
My husband served as a commanding officer of a CG cutter, 1980-82.
Under traditional payment processes, certifying officers reviewed all invoices they authorized for payment.
An officer must trust his fellow officers, and expect their trust in return.
The aircraft was piloted by Captain Jason Dahl and First Officer Leroy Homer, and there were five flight attendants.
Because if Bush was arrested in 1972, any number of people would have to know about it--one or more police officers, prosecutors, a judge, lawyers, friends, and so on.
But working-level CIA officers were disappointed.
, who had been investigated by the Secret Service for making threats against President Clinton in 1996, marched past a weapons detector and began firing, killing one police officer and mortally wounding a second officer whose own shots brought the gunman down.
The CIA officer reported that the tribals said they "fully understand the contents, implications and the spirit of the message" and that that their response was,"We will try our best to capture Bin Ladin alive and will have no intention of killing or harming him on purpose."
A former CIA officer told the Dallas Morning News that members of the Army's Delta Force were present at the Waco standoff.
The 40,000-officer NYPD was headed by a police commissioner, whose duties were not primarily operational but who retained operational authority.
An international carrier inbound to the United States was handed off to a new Center after the captain had read back the clearance Cleared to descend to two zero zero, cross two zero miles south of XYZ at two two zero and the First Officer had set the altitude selector to 20,000 feet.
To help ensure the success of GPRA, the CFO Council, which the CFO Act created to provide the leadership foundation necessary to effectively carry out the Chief Financial Officers' responsibilities, established a GPRA Implementation Committee.
In fact, as Starr makes clear, when Foster's body was turned over, three Park Police officers reported a pool of blood underneath his head and new, wet blood pouring out of his nose.
Officers had portable radios with 20 or more available channels, so that the user could respond outside his or her precinct.
Officers perennially gripe about the abrasive and unsympathetic qualities of job toilet paper .
When civilians reached the concourse, another NYPD officer stationed at the bottom of the escalator directed them to exit through the concourse to the north and east and then out of the WTC complex.
The one for this warning of possible discipline is a Form No. 163, so the PC can now say of himself, I've been one-six-three'd; and a bit later, when the senior officer assigned to investigate the complaint decides that there is enough evidence to justify a hearing (which he always does), comes the even more dreaded next stage, I've been one-six-foured --i.e., given notice of the date of the disciplinary hearing.
Each toxicity test laboratory should (1) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program, (2) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives (DQOs), (3) prepare written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures (SOPs) for culturing, toxicity testing, instrument calibration, sample chain-of-custody procedures, laboratory sample tracking system, glassware cleaning, etc., and (4) provide an adequate, qualified technical staff for culturing and toxicity testing the organisms, and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data.
Convictions and indictments of top mobsters have created chronic uncertainty about who can speak for the various families as well as increased concerns about exposure at meetings to informers and undercover police officers.
The supervisory approved voucher would then be forwarded electronically to the certifying or payment officer for approval of payment.
The poet laureate is an officer of the Library of Congress.
Financial Management: Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act (GAO/T-AIMD-96-1, November 14, 1995)
But even that program is called into question at least in part because some government coercion is justified, such as taxes to secure the creation of infrastructure and the police force to prevent private aggression (while curbing the excesses of rogue officers).
The Chief Financial Officers Act requires agencies to develop and maintain financial management systems that provide complete, reliable, consistent, and timely information.
Corbett has also got probation officers to work with inner-city clergy on a wide range of crime control and prevention initiatives.
The Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and the Government Management Reform Act of 1994 authorize GAO to audit agencies' financial statements and annually audit the consolidated financial statements of the United States.
Today's installment in the series about women in the military that the WP started yesterday focuses on a little-noticed obstacle confronting women officers trying to rise to top command jobs: a key route for getting them is serving as an aide-de-camp to those in them now, and the top brass hardly ever pick women.
With the Sudanese regime acting as intermediary, Bin Ladin himself met with a senior Iraqi intelligence officer in Khartoum in late 1994 or early 1995.
Most recently it has been chaired by a senior officer, alternately the Head of Radio (who has rarely been able to attend meetings), and the Head of TV (who attended one meeting out of eleven).
Each laboratory should develop and maintain an effective health and safety program, requiring an ongoing commitment by the laboratory management and includes: (1) a safety officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a safety program; (2) the preparation of a formal, written, health and safety plan, which is provided to the laboratory staff; (3) an ongoing training program on laboratory safety; and (4) regularly scheduled, documented, safety inspections.
0730 hours: A second collision-avoidance report from the conning officer; another large merchant ship trying to occupy the same piece of ocean.
It is intended to assist federal officials in strengthening their security programs, and we are pleased that it has been endorsed by the federal Chief Information Officers Council.
Forty-five percent of the military officers but only 17 percent of the civilians would bar homosexuals from military service.
Agency officials designated to be certifying officers (who certify payment) must have certain documents on file with Treasury, must follow Treasury regulations, and can be held legally liable for payments they authorize.
He created the Boy Scouts in 1907, shortly after returning to England from a tour of duty as a cavalry officer in South Africa.
These agencies stated that part of the streamlining effort would include reducing the time, effort, and cost of moving paper documents through a manual system, reviewing and approving the documents, and filing the documents at the certifying or payment officer's location.
The idea of committing the crime came from law enforcement officers, rather than the defendant .
For example, if we wanted to learn about how noncompetitive awards were reviewed in an agency, a good case study would obtain information from the agency head, the head of the procurement division, the inspector general's office, the contracts officer responsible for selected awards, staff involved in the reviews for these awards, counterpart persons from the contractors' procurement and program operations staff, and the legal divisions within the agency and the contractors.
leaves open the theoretical possibility of appointing a military officer so honorable that he will work assiduously to implement a policy he personally disagrees with."
To determine the applicability of the leading organization's practices to federal agencies, we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials, including officials in OMB's Information Policy and Technology Branch, the Computer Security Division of NIST's Information Technology Laboratory, CIO Council members, the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council's systems subcommittee, information security officers from 15 federal agencies, and members of the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection.
-- István Deák, author of Beyond Nationalism: A Social and Political History of the Habsburg Officer Corps, 1848-1918Back
The captain or first officer could be heard shouting:" Hey get out of here-get out of here-get out of here."
The WP has a senior U.S. officer suggesting a more prosaic explanation: "I think what he's trying to do is shoot down one of our airplanes."
For officers responding on their own initiative, see PAPD interview 8, JFK Command (Mar.
Of course, most of the people whom CIA officials must strive to understand--or recruit--are not suave Europeans but rather Middle Eastern thugs, Russian weapons traffickers, Chinese bureaucrats, Latin American officers, and the like.
A Message From the Federal Chief Information Officers Council
' Jones wrote “The particulars of this burletta are contained in the following letter from an officer on the spot, to his friend in England dated at Philadelphia, the 20th of May 1778.”
It should be noted that statistical sampling and fast pay procedures neither reduce the need for effective internal control nor relieve the certifying/disbursing officer of his or her responsibility.
More surprisingly, there is not a single mention of the most important public event for Degas during the 1890s, the Dreyfus affair, when Degas didn't just look like a dog but behaved like one, cutting off Jewish friends of long standing and adamantly insisting (along with Paul Cézanne and Renoir) on the guilt of the Jewish army officer falsely accused of treason.
These laws emphasize involving senior executives in information management decisions, appointing senior-level chief information officers, and using performance measures to assess the contribution of technology in achieving mission results.
Indeed, Tripp pulls down more than all but a handful of the U.S. military's most senior officers.
Seeing links not only with al Qaeda but specifically with the 1998 embassy bombings, a CIA desk officer guessed that "something more nefarious [was] afoot."
American officers said the work was intended to show Albanians and Serbs that the cultural monuments of both must be protected.
-- Senior information security officer for a major university
Of course, this would be easier if the public knew what the officers look like--which raises another question: Why hasn't the LAT run their pictures?
CIA officers told the tribals that the plan to capture Bin Ladin, which had been "turned off " three months earlier, was back on.
I tell my wardroom of 13 officers to eat "three squares" a day--mealtime has always been an important aspect of shipboard life, more for its social aspects than anything else.
For stationing officers around the perimeter, see NYPD recordings, City Wide 1, Special Operations Division, and Divisions 1, 2, and 3 radio channels, Sept. 11, 2001.
The paper plays right into all this lookism, describing one officer it quotes as "fit-looking" and the chief himself as "6 feet, 2 inches and.
Soon thereafter, he instructed officers arriving from outside commands to meet him at the fire safety desk in the North Tower lobby.
John McCain's father and grandfather, John Sidney McCain Jr. and Sr., were distinguished naval officers who rose to become four-star admirals.
Also, during the first three months of 1997, she had met twice with the organization's chief executive officer, at his request, to discuss the security implications of new applications.
The co-op's officers would, however, have acquired a new tool of management.
the Chief Financial Officers Act-which created CFOs in all major agencies;
The officers have been placed on administrative duty while a grand jury examines the case.
This officer believed that Tenet's assessment was the key to the decision.
In the 1780s there had been a nation-wide protest against grant of pension by the Congress to officers who had served in the Continental Army during the American War of Independence.
Instead of referring requests to a different office as was done in the past, IRS has delegated this authority to revenue officers.
Also, it was Mayor David Dinkins who found the money to hire 3,000 more police officers in New York under his "Safe Streets Safe Cities" program.
But the military officer quoted earlier recalled that the Pentagon had been willing to act.
She claims the Air Force treated her unfairly and that her commanding officers gave her no guidance.
Counterterrorist Center officers briefed Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI Director Louis Freeh, telling them that the operation had about a 30 percent chance of success.
The WP front reports that NATO planning last summer to capture Bosnian Serb leader and wanted war criminal Radovan Karadzic was compromised when a French military officer met secretly with Karadzic.
Controversies surrounding Central American covert action programs in the mid-1980s led to the indictment of several senior officers of the Clandestine Service.
Army as a Medical Officer, my title was “Dal Yoo, M.D., U.S.A. (United States Army)” and I recall my Master Sergeant's morbid joke that M.D. , U.S.A. could stand for `Many Die and U Shall Also.
-- Requiring all officers and members of the Board of Governors to take at least one pro bono case during each year of their service to the Association.
A recent article in the Weekly Standard showed that the officers who serve in the institute on a rotating basis are trained in lengthy seminars, rife with the goofiest sort of political correctness.
These officers would be stationed around the perimeter of the complex to direct the evacuation of civilians.
Cheryl also claimed that among the men were a St Michael landlord, a uniformed policeman and others who she believed were undressed police officers carrying guns.
They thus might give Pakistan greater security on one of the several borders where Pakistani military officers hoped for what they called "strategic depth."
Similarly, no real police officer has, in my hearing, ever referred to his territory as either his manor or his patch , both terms being the norm in British cop shows.
Determine the authority and experience level of theContracting Officer's Representative or Contracting Officer's Technical Representative.
2) The Army, which, unlike the other services, thinks officers should be allowed to fraternize with enlisted personnel who are not in their chain of command.
-- Senior information security officer for a major university
Having either, Chummy will of course have a docket number at CRO or its computerized replacement; any police officer, however, will still say Well, well, well!
However, another firefighter reports that ESU officers ran past him without advising him to evacuate.
...an RP accent was one of the foremost criteria for being an officer in the First World War.
These communications will take several forms, including, as facts and circumstances warrant, meetings between GAO's Comptroller General or Chief Operating Officer and the heads of agencies or their designees at the presidential appointee with Senate confirmation (PAS) level to discuss areas of mutual interest and concern.
"The wife of an Army officer who until recently commanded a U.S. military unit running anti-drug operations in Colombia has been charged with smuggling cocaine into the United States.
Many PAPD officers were on the ground floors of the complex-some assisting in evacuation, others manning the PAPD desk in 5 WTC or assisting at lobby command posts.
The archives of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia contain a note dictated by a fellow of the college in 1944 that reads, "Recently a Japanese officer sent 210 Chinese heads to Japan as trophies to be displayed.
Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 (Public Law 101-576) ¬ The CFO Act provides a framework for improving federal government financial systems.
And there are some concrete earnings examples: a Marine master sergeant with 20 years in makes more than $50,000, better than a senior firefighter or police officer, and both of those civilian jobs are as dangerous or more so than the typical military job.
On September 11, 2001, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Police Department consisted of 1,331 officers, many of whom were trained in fire suppression methods as well as in law enforcement.
Mossad has also been handicapped by U.S. mistrust . In 1986, the FBI caught Jonathan Pollard, a Jewish-American naval-intelligence officer, shipping sensitive satellite photos to Lakam--a now-defunct arm of Israeli intelligence largely devoted to stealing nuclear secrets.
A few of these officers from outside commands were given WTC Command radios.
The bleak prognosis: Haitians don't trust cops, and the new officers have done little so far to remedy this.
We interviewed various officials, including chief financial officers, chief information officers, business unit executives, state executive and legislative branch officials, treasurers, controllers, internal auditors, agency administrators, and human resource specialists.
Like police officers, bounty hunters are authorized to use "all reasonable force " to apprehend skips.
In many cases the surge officers had little familiarity with the new issues.
I have seen references to issues that lie "between me, my scale, and our God" (an article about dieting); "me, my stylist, and our God" (an article about hair care); and "me and the officer with the radar trap and our God" (an article about highway speeding).
Many officers reporting from the tunnel and airport commands could not hear instructions being issued over the WTC Command frequency.
Marie shocked the polite society of his married officer friends and their wives by pulling a switchblade out of her purse and cleaning her nails.
Prior to that, disbursing officers usually approved vouchers for payment.
The LAT off-leads with the Supreme Court story, and leads with the ongoing LAPD probe: police officials' request that charges be filed against three officers.
Numerous officers responded in order to help injured civilians and to urge those who could walk to vacate the area immediately.
A lieutenant; a vicar; an officer who is deputed by a superior or by proper authority to exercise the powers of another.
Agency information includes Inspector General reports, Federal Managers' Financial Integrity Act reports, Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) plans and reports, Clinger-Cohen Act reports, and Chief Information Officer reports.
In a similar vein, several of the engineers have braved the elements by appearing at our daily all-hands gatherings on the flight deck without coats; only to be outdone by a petty officer who wore shorts through the frigid Strait of Magellan!
The Contracting Officer and Contracting Officer's Representative/Contracting Officer's Technical Representative should ensure that deliverables are received as required.
Twelve officers have been suspended so far.
In addition, to foster a results-oriented culture in federal agencies, the Congress is considering legislative proposals to, among other things, focus attention on the impact poor performance can have on the effectiveness of an organization and require agencies to have a chief human capital officer to select, develop, and manage a productive, high-quality workforce.
Critics can't decide whether this fable by An Officer and a Gentleman director Taylor Hackford is good kitschy fun or a "never-never land of movie awfulness" (David Denby, New York ). Praise goes to Al Pacino's frenetic performance as the devil--a Manhattan lawyer--who wants to corrupt his naive junior partner, played by Keanu Reeves.
Immediately after the South Tower collapsed, many NYPD radio frequencies became overwhelmed with transmissions relating to injured, trapped, or missing officers.
(Capitol Hill security is treating the press with all the respect we have come to expect: We are penned behind Tensators, and anyone who dares step past the guide ropes is yelled at, then moved back by Capitol police officers.
By August 24, the Minneapolis agent had also contacted an FBI detailee and a CIA desk officer at the Counterterrorist Center about the case.
Naughton is alleged to have carried on a five-month Internet relationship with the undercover officer during which he repeatedly solicited sex and ignored warnings that her age might get him in trouble.
The CIA appears to have briefed President Clinton on its "Next Steps and New Initiatives" in February 2000, noting the need to hire and train the right officers with the necessary skills and deploy them to the right places, as well as to work with foreign liaison.
This number was exceeded by another officer who sent 220 heads."
As the officer who took the call explained, "[I was] about to push the alert button when the tower advised that the aircraft was turning south and approaching Reagan National Airport."
Officer Tippet Murder!
Although follow-on military options were briefed more widely, the vice director of operations on the Joint Staff commented to us that intelligence and planning documents relating to al Qaeda arrived in a ziplock red package and that many flag and general officers never had the clearances to see its contents.
If Texas' chief legal officer is going to take it upon himself to decide whether Microsoft should be prosecuted, that decision should be based on whether he believes the company has violated the law.
Thus, when the trail went cold after the Kuala Lumpur meeting in January 2000, the desk officer moved on to different things.
Both the Navy and the Marines have set themselves five-year deadlines to make their officer corps 12-percent African-American, 12-percent Latino, and 5-percent Asian-American.
An additional accountability mechanism is that the Chief Operating Officer and the Secretary of Education are required to agree on, and make public, a 5-year performance plan that establishes the Office's goals and objectives.
Startups can't sustain themselves because they lack talented chief operating officers, chief financial officers, and salespeople.
Boyd E. Givan (Retired) Chief Financial Officer The Boeing Company
"The sight of the Great Officers of State walking backwards ahead of the Sovereign will remain unchanged, however.
Although there were ESU teams and a few individual police officers climbing in the towers, the vast majority of NYPD personnel were staged outside, assisting with crowd control and evacuation and securing other sites in the city.
Bunt is unprepared for the ruthless capitalism of Mr. Hung, a People's Liberation Army officer who appears in Bunt's club to make him an offer for the factory he simply cannot refuse.
This officer, who was especially knowledgeable about Afghanistan, had noticed a recent stream of reports about Bin Ladin and something called al Qaeda, and suggested to Cohen that the station focus on this one individual.
A theory being pursued by investigators, says the paper, is that the officer conspired with Death Row Records founder Marion "Suge" Knight to arrange a contract killing of the rapper.
As one military officer put it, we had our hand on the door, but we couldn't open the door and walk in.
But in particular, officers, soldiers and sea men receive pension when they are disabled for further services.
We also conclude that at least some members of each of five companies knew to evacuate (two firefighters from Ladder Company 10; the officer of Ladder Company 20; all but the officer of Engine Company 10; at least two firefighters from Squad 18; and at least three firefighters from Engine 6).
The Pakistani man accused of mowing down two CIA officers at CIA headquarters in 1993 has been turned in by anonymous Afghans, after the United States offered a $2 million bounty for him.
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Pfizer Inc
Unfortunately, it is often the death of a law enforcement officer that initiates the process.
NEADS commanders and officers actively sought out information, and made the best judgments they could on the basis of what they knew.
The WP and LAT give personal information on the fallen officers, including their marital status (both were married) and number of children (2 and 3).
Determine the authority and experience level of theContracting Officer's Representative or Contracting Officer's Technical Representative.
Radio conversations between Kopassus officers and militia commanders shortly before and after the Aug. 31 referendum included Kopassus saying, "It is better we wait for the result of the announcement [of the ballot].
However, the firefighters urged the police officers to descend because they lacked the protective gear and equipment needed to handle the increasing smoke and heat.
Three protesters and a police officer were killed during the protests.
All civilians who reached the lobby were directed by NYPD and PAPD officers into the concourse, where other police officers guided them to exit the concourse and complex to the north and east so that they might avoid falling debris and victims.
Update on the Monica Lewinsky investigation : 1) Prosecutors are interrogating Secret Service officers before the grand jury, reportedly about Clinton's liaisons with Lewinsky and his meetings with his attorneys.
NYPD officers stationed on Vesey Street between West Street and Church Street urged civilians not to remain in the area and instead to keep walking north.
The Los Angeles Times leads with the fatal shooting of a local police officer.
Third, because the attacks came so close to the 9:00 shift change, many firefighters just going off duty were given permission by company officers to "ride heavy" and became part of those on-duty teams, under the leadership of that unit's officer.
While training for a career as an officer in the late 1920s, he displayed fashionable contempt for the Weimar Republic.
Where no match is found, the travel office (or certifying officer) could request the hotel receipts to verify outoftown lodging costs.
It's scary to have "an officer corps so overwhelmingly Republican ."
The Contracting Officer and Contracting Officer's Representative/Contracting Officer's Technical Representative should ensure that deliverables are received as required.
The NYT adds another fascinating revelation about last week's military action: the number-two officer in the Pentagon traveled to Pakistan just before the strikes so that he could be on-hand to reassure the Pakistani military that the missiles were not an attack by India.
Other civilians exiting the stairs who were either injured or exhausted collapsed at the foot of these stairs; officers then assisted them out of the building.
The Los Angeles Times leads with the latest in the city's mushrooming police scandal: The LAPD chief's call for the quick dismissal of the cases against 99 people in which the arrests were based on officers' documented illegal activity, ranging from lying to unprovoked shooting.
In late 1999 or early 2000, the Joint Staff 's director of operations, Vice Admiral Scott Fry, directed his chief information operations officer, Brigadier General Scott Gration, to develop innovative ways to get better intelligence on Bin Ladin's whereabouts.
The Times reported: "Law enforcement officers said it was impossible to know, for now, whether the explosion was caused by a bomb or a missile because PETN is an explosive component commonly found in both.
Half a billion at least, says Francis Tally, a big pharmaceuticals veteran who is now chief scientific officer at Cubist Pharmaceuticals, a biotech company located in Lexington, Massachusetts.
Not far down the street, an officer stopped me and, to my amazement, got ready to draw his pistol.
Required • Lessons learned report or other report by the Contracting Officer describing negotiations and selection activities.
One of my first and most vivid impressions after becoming a London police officer was the exceptional richness of police jargon.
However, by 10:00 the ESU officer running the command post at Church and Vesey ordered the evacuation of all ESU units from the WTC complex.
A piece notes the growth of the private police industry: Security guards and rent-a-cops now outnumber police officers 3-to-1.
Most were located two levels below the Chief Information Officer (CIO).
As a junior officer in charge of an infantry medical detachment, this assignment was mine.
A member of the only student-run chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union in New York state, Zelon worked to resolve disputes between students and police officers to help protect the public's right to peaceful protest.
The department has stocked up on pepper spray and smoke bombs and has given additional riot training to 45 officers, alarming many Hartford residents, tensely awaiting a prosecutor's decision about whether to charge a white officer who fatally shot a black 14-year-old in the back.
Are variances in cost and schedule projections tracked by the project manager or Contracting Officer's Technical Representative?
Novelist Lucian Truscott IV, a former Army officer and son and grandson of generals, writes a NYT op-ed in support of the Clinton administration's latest assault weapons ban.
The university's senior security officer noted that the database could be augmented to provide an even broader range of security management information.
As for blaming HBES in particular and evolutionary psychologists in general: Culturebox was mistaken to rap the officers' knuckles for letting MacDonald hold executive positions--he was elected to them, not appointed.
As a result, the CIA officer usually did not translate either questions or answers for his FBI colleague and friend.
The piece's only real false-step: describing the Marine Corps' ideal officer as a "knuckle-dragging intellectual."
In the spring of 2000, after the CIA had sent out officers to explore possible closer relationships with both the Uzbeks and the Northern Alliance, discussions took place in Washington between U.S. officials and delegates sent by Massoud.
“I will now read the order of the regimental commanding officer.
The GAO as an institution, and the Comptroller General as an officer of the legislative branch, assist the Congress in exercising its responsibilities under the Constitution to oversee, investigate, and legislate.
Nonetheless, each conning officer uses some common sense to verify the computer solutions with what is actually happening.
Other officers began performing rescue and evacuation operations on the ground floors and in the PATH (Port Authority Trans-Hudson) station below the WTC complex.
But after a shaky first few months in charge, Armey settled in as the House's relatively effective chief operating officer.
It was led by Ali Mohamed, a former Egyptian army officer who had moved to the United States in the mid-1980s, enlisted in the U.S.
A retired Army officer tells Newsweek that NATO could retake Kosovo in a brief ground attack (100,000 troops, 2-3 months of prep, and 10,000-30,000 Serb casualties).
It provided for chief financial officers in the 24 largest federal departments and agencies, which together account for about 98 percent of the government's gross budget authority.
[In the Second World War] the public-school-educated actor Dirk Bogarde (born in 1921) claims that in that war the sole reason for his promotion from the ranks to officer status was his accent.
When VBA established its decision review officer position, it first used a pilot program to test the new operational approach at 12 locations.
However, my two favourite examples have not appeared in the pages of that magazine: an officer of the British Trust for Ornithology called Sue Starling , and two researchers in the field of asthma called Ichinose and Sneeze .
An investigation by a special counsel resulted in the indictment of McFarlane, Poindexter, North, and ten others, including several high-ranking officers from the CIA's Clandestine Service.
"Although getting into the state units was difficult for most others, Bush was soon in the Guard," says the Times . Bush got a "special commission making him an instant second lieutenant" and "was able to jump into the officer ranks without the exceptional credentials many other officer candidates possessed."
The highest-ranking officer in the North Tower was responsible for communicating with the Chief of Department.
It passed along a few foreign intelligence reports, including the Czech report alleging an April 2001 Prague meeting between Atta and an Iraqi intelligence officer (discussed in chapter 7) and a Polish report that personnel at the headquarters of Iraqi intelligence in Baghdad were told before September 11 to go on the streets to gauge crowd reaction to an unspecified event.
At six foot two, she stood a full head taller than even her Arrallin first officer.
And well, come to find out he was a police officer but he was off-duty and he was in an unmarked car.
Meanwhile, al Qaeda finance officers and top operatives used their positions in Bin Ladin's businesses to acquire weapons, explosives, and technical equipment for terrorist purposes.
All companies in (City/County) will have the opportunity for their employees and officers to contribute to the fight against cancer.
i think anyone in a in a public job like bus drivers and cab drivers and police officers and things like that i think they should be randomly drug tested i believe full force in that
The officers’ quarters of 1797 have been reconstructed to house a museum of local Indian culture and natural history.
M & F are forced to flee on foot, as heavily armed police officers fire tear gas at the demonstrators and chase them for blocks.
In one 1880 decision, the Court upheld a federal penalty against a Virginia state officer who disqualified blacks from jury service.
Of the several word lists compiled by officers of the First Fleet, as the first group of convict-laden ships was known, that of Lieut. William Dawes is the most ambitious, attempting a grammar of Dharuk as well as a vocabulary.
that's uh my wife said the other day said she just couldn't do that couldn't be a police officer because you're you know you never know
The life-sized (and slightly larger) infantrymen, archers, officers, and their horses symbolically guard the tomb of the first Qin emperor.
And I try to tell Charlotte that we just passed an officer and needless, to say, uh, they didn't get up with him.
From the bank, head for Queen Street, which leads north from the Birdcage, a metal cage once used by police officers to direct the traffic that regularly comes to a halt on Front Street.
oh yeah i i was uh sitting in the barber shop i'm i'm an officer in the Air Force and i was having my hair cut
Consider for instance, the following item in today's Times : "An article on July 18 about allegations of sexual misconduct among New York City police officers misstated the street number of what was said to be a brothel frequented by officers.
At about 9:56, the officer running the ESU command post on Church and Vesey streets had a final radio communication with one of the ESU teams in the South Tower.
And this is a picture of Colonel ( ) with some of his officers.
Young army officers and the professional classes were becoming increasingly interested in West­ern ways of government and social organization.
As the number of officers declined and overseas facilities were closed, the DCI and his managers responded to developing crises in the Balkans or in Africa by "surging," or taking officers from across the service to use on the immediate problem.
they do it as a labor of love so the officer idea is a good idea
But the OSS internal liaison officer reasoned, "Look, bud, do you know who you're dealing with here?"
During World War II, the church was turned into a club for Japanese officers; it was restored after the war.
Congress' determination to make agencies accountable for their performance lay at the heart of two landmark reforms of the 1990s: the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993 (GPRA).
well that bothers me that that bothers me a great deal i had a friend who was a police officer who was killed in the line of duty
Joseph Ralston and not a lower-ranking officer.
The Soviets themselves imprisoned some 1.5 million Poles in labor camps of their own and eliminated potential “troublemakers” through actions like the Katyn massacre, in which 4,500 Polish military officers were summarily executed.
Financial Management: Challenges Facing DOD in Meeting the Goals of the Chief Financial Officers Act (GAO/T-AIMD-96-1, November 14, 1995)
and and it was very interesting how he did it and uh i mean i'm i'm an Air Force officer so it uh it was interesting for me uh you know i'd certainly
He has not revealed most of their identities; one National Guard officer whom Pepper implicated in the plot sued him for libel.
He had been an audacious cavalry officer in the Anglo-Burmese wars and now exploited the situation for his own benefit.
Some units-including one whose officer knew that the South Tower had collapsed-either delayed or stopped their evacuation in order to assist nonambulatory civilians.
that they uh i go on i'm an officer in the Air Force and travel quite a bit on business so i uh find myself down in Melbourne Florida every about once once a month once every two months or so and uh
Despite the planes' detection techniques, sometimes "you don't know if it's some civilian driving to the grocery store, or a military vehicle," says an intelligence officer.
An obelisk here honors “Native Officers and Sepoys, who died…nobly performing their duty. ”
DOD memo, "Towards a More Aggressive Counterterrorism Posture," undated, pp. 1, 7. The principal author of this paper was Thomas Kuster, a career civil servant and former special forces officer.
oh heinous things from calling from uh killing police officers to i mean just multiple you know molestations molestations to murders of children just you know really bad things
White officers were given a month's leave in the wake of the explosion; a 1994 Navy investigation concluded that Meeks and the other "mutineers" were victims of racial prejudice but did not overturn the ruling.
The Watts riots were sinisterly echoed in the Los Angeles riots of 1992, when the same area of South-Central L.A. was ravaged by violence in response to the acquittal of white police officers who were captured on videotape beating a black resident.
No funds transferred from a purchaser to a seller of allowances under this paragraph shall be held by any officer or employee of the United States or treated for any purpose as revenue to the United States or the Administrator.
not just lawyers but police officers and judges and
The company's CEO is Southern Baptist, and its chief financial officer is Roman Catholic.
Brahmins, the priestly caste, fill many of the top posts in the universities and administration; many Indian Army officers can trace their ancestry to the proud Kshatriya warrior caste; business is dominated by the merchant or Vaishya caste; and Shudras till the land.
CIA officers suggested that the tribals would prefer to try a raid rather than a roadside ambush because they would have better control, it would be less dangerous, and it played more to their skills and experience.
less than twenty percent or twenty ten percent it was a ridiculously low low number actually do ever report to a parole parole officer
A piece calls the killing of Amadou Diallo by New York police officers more explicable than last year's beating of Abner Louima.
Friedrich Wilhelm I (1713–1740) despised the baroque glitter of his parents’ court, and subjected the previously easy-going Berliners to a frugal, rigid concept of Preussentum (Prussianness), that is, unquestioning obedience to the ruler and his administrators, and sharply defined class distinctions, affirming the supremacy of the aristocracy and officer class and that of soldiers over civilians in general.
Traditionally, hardcopy documents have been retained at the certifying or payment officer's location for ease in accessibility.
that's it's awful so one thing they could do is probably support people more reporting it i know some police agencies try to have women police officers that the women can report to and this kind of thing but
Military officers in Sierra Leone (primer--it's in west Africa) ousted the country's first democratically elected president in a coup.
The company’s chief officer, James Douglas, became first governor of British Columbia.
1 Executive Guide: Maximizing the Success of Chief Information Officers (Exposure Draft) (GAO/AIMD-00-83, March 31, 2000).
you you know my uh uh oldest daughter's fiance is a uh is a part part he's a college professor but he also is a reserve police officer
It is Ruddy's contention that none of this should necessarily be believed; the doctor, the widow, the friends, the Park Police officers that found the body, the coroner who performed the autopsy--all may well be "complicit" in a cover-up.
The Wall Street Journal "Tax Report" reports that Jack Regan Stevens, a former IRS officer, pleaded guilty to embezzling 13 taxpayer payments totaling more than $77,000 by altering payment checks made out to "IRS" so that they resembled his initials.
It was by a former British intelligence officer (MI5?
He has also expanded the secret police, which now totals an estimated 80,000 officers.
Both Times es report that police officers beat and arrested three demonstrators who dared to chant: "No conversions."
Klaus Naumann, NATO's senior military officer.
A police officer caught going bent will get into trouble.
Cohen has faced down two generals who bucked his authority, but hasn't won (and will never win, the article predicts) the full confidence of high-ranking officers.
Mirage has hired a probation officer to monitor the ex-inmates and to help co-workers deal with discomfort--a big problem, apparently.
I can't speak about the CBO study, but I've seen the one from RAND, and its conclusions are more complicated than he suggests--that junior enlisted servicemen are overpaid compared to their civilian counterparts, senior enlisted are slightly underpaid, junior officers moderately underpaid, and senior officers seriously underpaid.
"In the 19 th century officers frequently had political alignments," Stevens said, "but they did not favor a single party consistently."
To sustain the myth that only unsupported mujahideen guerrillas were involved, "Pakistani officers and soldiers killed in combat have been disowned by their generals, their services unacknowledged; even a decent burial has been denied them," the paper said.
Based in Iraq, the 30,000 member army includes 10,000 women soldiers; 70 percent of the officers and the commander are women, too.
However, my two favourite example have not appeared in the pages of that magazine: an officer of the British Trust for Ornithology called Sue Starling, and two researchers in the field of asthma called Ichinose and Sneeze.
It is "scary," he said, to have "an officer corps so overwhelmingly _____________."
[FBI Officer Fox, speaking on the MacNeil/Lehrer News Hour, 13 December 1994.]
I can't speak about the CBO study, but I've seen the one from RAND, and its conclusions are more complicated than he suggests--that junior enlisted servicemen are overpaid compared to their civilian counterparts, senior enlisted are slightly underpaid, junior officers moderately underpaid, and senior officers seriously underpaid.
Symonds had been hired in Morocco, where he fled in 1969 after being named as part of a ring of corrupt metropolitan police officers who had taken bribes.
At the same time, the cavalry officer's sabre, a much-coveted battle trophy, gave rise to the alternative nickname of Long Knives , a sobriquet that combined light-hearted jeering with wary respect.
And then I saw, right in front of my eyes, on the deck of the carrier, a chief petty officer sliced into three parts by a propeller blade.
The phone ringing in my cabin awakens me; it's the conning officer on the bridge making a report of a vessel that we have in sight approximately 12 miles away.
For, not only are convicts or screws prison officers the only people to use them, they are likely to be the only people to know them.
' Since ukuleles often provide music for dancing, the association might be from the dancers' flea-like movements, or there could be a connection with Edward Purvis, a British military officer who popularized the instrument in Hawaii.
These prognostications--divulged anonymously by "senior military officials" and "Pentagon planners" and "officers who know [the Joint Chiefs'] thinking but decline to be named"--represent a particularly demoralizing aspect of modern war-making: leaking as Pentagon policy.
Some British newspapers also fronted parallel demonstrations in London in which about 1,000 anti-capitalist protesters battled police at Euston railway station, leaving one police officer seriously injured.
Abubakar, apparently among the cadre of army officers who want the military to loosen its political control, says he will turn over power to an elected civilian government by October 1st.
Fill in the blank on this tax tip from a Washington state IRS collection officer.
When this takes place next month, such officers as the Silver Stick in Waiting will not take part.
The Los Angeles Times , Washington Post , and New York Times lead with the day's dominant story: a gunman's shooting spree in a Capitol corridor that killed two police officers and wounded a tourist.
Memorable line: "If I'm president, I'm the chief law enforcement officer of the United States, right? ...
You might also have him off for TDA (Taking and Driving Away, now replaced by Taking a conveyance ), or for OPD (Outraging Public Decency), IPO (Impersonating a Police Officer), or for the better-known ABH or GBH (assaults occasioning Actual or Grievous Bodily Harm).
Federal employee unions, Democratic members, and the White House strongly opposed a provision that would limit certain kinds of overtime pay for customs officers.
The exclusionary rule serves a clear purpose by discouraging overzealous police officers from inappropriate behavior.
"There appears to be every reason to believe that the police officers acted in accordance with police procedure and acted in a responsible way to save human life.
As a WP editorial points out, the agents are law enforcement officers and so shouldn't be any more silent about illegal activities than say, an Arkansas state trooper.
"There won't be a suitable apartment until they have thrown out those vile 'youtres ' [an abusive term for Jews] who encumber us," he wrote to a fellow naval officer.
If convicted, the officer could receive a dishonorable discharge and almost four years in prison.
His lawyer has threatened to focus the trial on the Army's alleged selective prosecution of black officers for sexual harassment.
But what the hey, this is L.A., so instead he's on the front page of the LAT debuting a new departmental program that will use medals and financial incentives to get officers to drop those ugly excess pounds.
The LAT reports that Washington state corrections officials are reviewing the conduct of Buford Furrow's probation officer, who never made unannounced checks of Furrow's house and car for weapons.
Recommendation: The CIA Director should emphasize (a) rebuilding the CIA's analytic capabilities; (b) transforming the clandestine service by building its human intelligence capabilities; (c) developing a stronger language program, with high standards and sufficient financial incentives; (d) renewing emphasis on recruiting diversity among operations officers so they can blend more easily in foreign cities; (e) ensuring a seamless relationship between human source collection and signals collection at the operational level; and (f) stressing a better balance between unilateral and liaison operations.
The Journal 's main "Politics and Policy" piece notes a signal consequence of the absorption of the White House staff in the Clinton sex scandals: the further empowerment of his Cabinet officers.
The current DCI is responsible for community performance but lacks the three authorities critical for any agency head or chief executive officer: (1) control over purse strings, (2) the ability to hire or fire senior managers, and (3) the ability to set standards for the information infrastructure and personnel.
Currently, 38 percent of the patrol's rank-and-file officers are Hispanic.
Numerous PAPD officers were also climbing in the South Tower, including the PAPD ESU team.
Law enforcement officers return 10 percent of skips, but catch most of them at routine traffic stops and at border crossings.
As law enforcement officers, Bureau agents tended to write up only witness interviews.
Monica Lewinsky cooed, hoisting a large box of Domino's above her stylish dark tresses, according to the testimony of Lewinsky and Officer Fox.
Congress recognized the need for greater leadership in information management and technology in the Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996, which mandated the position of chief information officer (CIO) for executive departments and agencies.
The cover story chronicles the admissions process at the University of Pennsylvania, then offers tips: High grades and low test scores are better than low grades and high test scores; hard classes and extracurriculars impress admissions officers; being an alum's kid does not guarantee admission.
The FBI was initially misinformed about how the Saudis got to Lexington by a local police officer in Lexington who did not have firsthand knowledge of the matter.
The NYT runs a story inside reporting that a U.S. intelligence official, "apparently a CIA officer," has left Austria after being caught wiretapping the phone of a North Korean diplomat.
Most were located two levels below the Chief Information Officer (CIO).
She neglects to mention that our safety depends on the ability of these officers to kill their adversaries.
But just before the tower collapsed, a team of NYPD ESU officers encountered a stream of civilians descending an unidentified stairwell in the 20s.
The piece goes on to point out that in the past three years, CIA officers have been caught spying in, and kicked out of, at least four other countries: Germany, France, Italy and India.
Those were in the hands of military officers and engineers.
The paper also describes this piece of Congressional budget reasoning: "[B]ecause of the killing of two Capitol Hill police officers earlier this year, it provides $200 million to develop a visitor center to more easily control entry into the Capitol and a tightening of security at the Capitol and the Library of Congress."
The university's senior security officer noted that the database could be augmented to provide an even broader range of security management information.
A NYT investigation of Colin Powell's charity, America's Promise, alleges that it has undefined goals, does not meet its own deadlines, takes credit for corporate contributions and community projects with which it is only peripherally involved, and does not reveal how or how much it pays its top officers, as charities traditionally do.
Incredibly, twelve firefighters, one PAPD officer, and three civilians who were descending stairwell B of the North Tower survived its collapse.
State Department report on Pakistan saying that "the police committed numerous extra-judicial killings and tortured, abused and raped citizens" and that "there is no evidence that any police officers were brought to justice."
Though the CIA had virtually abandoned Afghanistan after the Soviet withdrawal, case officers had reestablished old contacts while tracking down Mir Amal Kansi, the Pakistani gunman who had murdered two CIA employees in January 1993.
The class leader, a loan officer named Vince, spent three sessions explaining how none of us would ever, ever own a home.
FAA memo, "Full Transcription; Air Traffic Control System Command Center, National Traffic Management Officer, East Position; September 11, 2001," Oct. 21, 2003, pp. 10, 13; FAA audio file, Herndon Command Center, New York Center position, line 5154.
"Although getting into the state units was difficult for most others, Bush was soon in the Guard," says the Times . Bush got a "special commission making him an instant second lieutenant" and "was able to jump into the officer ranks without the exceptional credentials many other officer candidates possessed."
Julia Carroll Chief Financial Officer Naperville, Illinois
According to the Times , Chung now says a large part of the nearly $100,000 he gave to the DNC in the summer of 1996 came from a Chinese woman aerospace executive/army officer whose father was at the time China's top military commander and a member of the Communist Party leadership.
FAA memo, "Full Transcription; Air Traffic Control System Command Center, National Traffic Management Officer, East Position; September 11, 2001," Oct. 21, 2003, pp. 17-19.
His personal security force included an incredible 30 officers until Congress forced him to halve it last year.
FAA memo, "Full Transcription; Air Traffic Control System Command Center, National Traffic Management Officer, East Position; September 11,2001,"Oct.
An officer must trust his fellow officers, and expect their trust in return.
FBI agents did create records of interviews and other investigative efforts, but there were no reports officers to condense the information into meaningful intelligence that could be retrieved and disseminated.
Even so, "Mossad secretly sent agent operators to Britain to gather information on Arab targets" and "MI5 exposed these undeclared Mossad officers and quietly instructed them to leave the country."
For the on-site commanding officer's actions, see PAPD interview 1, WTC command (Oct.
People did not distinguish between pension granted as a provision for old officers and pension granted for the purpose of bribery for favor and support.
This allows one-stop case resolution, because the revenue officers now maintain complete control of the case through collection of any balance due.
In its heyday SCOSE was chaired by one of the academic members, which gave it a certain impartiality and independent force, and the circulation of its findings was the responsibility of a senior ABC officer and a trained secretary-cum-research assistant who was the servant of the committee and who reported to that officer.
This Food and Drug Administration (FDA) safety officer raised concerns about the cardiovascular side effects of rofecoxib (Vioxx) and other Cox-2 inhibitors.
The officer told Dole that Lewinsky and Clinton had had an affair and that Dole should take special care not to be seen or photographed with her, because it would lend credence to theories that the affair is a right-wing conspiracy and that Monica was a bimbo plant.
Desk officers at the CIA's Bin Ladin unit did not have "cases" in the same sense as an FBI agent who works an investigation from beginning to end.
Four white New York City police officers were arrested on charges of second-degree murder for firing 41 bullets at Amadou Diallo, an unarmed black man.
The adequacy of controls over computerized data is also addressed indirectly by the Federal Managers' Financial Integrity Act of 1982 and the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990.
The program is the Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps.
In Bangkok, CIA officers received the information too late to track the three men as they came in, and the travelers disappeared into the streets of Bangkok.
The best and brightest joined the officer corps.
99 on the voucher by transposing the seven and the one, the approving official and the certifying officer, who might generally expect much lower taxi fares, would have no basis to assess the reasonableness of the claim.
Seale, killed in Peru while on a mission; and Marine veteran and Washington, D.C., police officer Henry J. Daly, killed in a shootout.
He and the other officers who had worked through the plan with the tribals judged it "about as good as it can be."
In 1980, he jumped to General Mills, where he eventually served as president, chief operating officer, and vice chairman.
Twenty-six additional FDNY companies-more than 150 firefighters-were en route at the time of the South Tower's collapse, and scores more PAPD officers on Church and Vesey were preparing to enter the towers.
An Iraqi officer trying to escape from the smoke-filled bunker with a huge pile of blue jeans isn't so different from the Americans lugging bullion in Louis Vuitton bags.
Maximizing the Success of Chief Information Officers
More miscellany: Russian President Boris Yeltsin fired his top two military officers for resisting budget cuts and reforms.
The Secret Service's Intelligence Division tracked down the origin of this threat and, during the day, determined that it had originated in a misunderstanding by a watch officer in the White House Situation Room.
Then he came back and denied there should "ever be any kind of inquiry into the personal, political opinion of officers in the U.S. military."
Several hours later, this same desk officer drafted a cable distributed solely within CIA alleging that the visa documents had been shared with the FBI.
As Gore belatedly realized, "support" is the better answer, because it leaves open the theoretical possibility of appointing a military officer so honorable that he will work assiduously to implement a policy he personally disagrees with.
This executive guide is intended to assist federal agencies in achieving the objectives of the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and subsequent related legislation by providing case studies of 11 practices critical for establishing and maintaining sound financial operations.
Spooks who have already brought the toys into their offices are advised to "contact the Staff Security Officer for guidance."
He said that many states are establishing state chief information officers who are generally responsible for creating an interoperable infrastructure and common data standards for all agencies within the state.
In practice, commanding officers do ask and vigorously root out homosexuals.
After the South Tower was hit, the ESU officer running this command post decided to send one ESU team (each with approximately six police officers) up each of the Twin Towers' stairwells.
"I did not mean to imply that there should ever be any kind of inquiry into the personal, political opinion of officers in the U.S. military," Gore said, at an impromptu press conference two days later.
-- Chief information security officer at a major financial services corporation
Conquer this urge, and you may graduate the first month of parenthood without fielding a call from an American Express security officer worried about "unusual activity" on your card.
We provided an opportunity for 28 federal departments, agencies, and entities (subsequently referred to as agencies), including all of the agencies with presidentially appointed chief financial officers and the President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency, to comment on a draft of the protocols.
A yawning gap in the lineup of military officers; a face that failed to match the body attached to it; a face whose shading did not match that of the faces on either side; an elbow marooned in space, bereft of other body parts--such things could just pass for evidence of ineptitude.
Posts in these commands became prized assignments for ambitious officers, and the voices of their five commanders in chief became as influential as those of the service chiefs.
Meanwhile, the NYT reports that the federal government on Thursday formally took over the prosecution of police officers implicated in the brutal attack last summer on Haitian immigrant Abner Louima.
The Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 provided for chief financial officer positions in 24 major agencies and required annual reports on the financial condition of government entities and the status of management controls.
Notra Trulock, a department intelligence officer, deflated the accusation, saying that of 12 suspects initially brought to the FBI's attention, three were Chinese-Americans and the rest Caucasians.
The Chief Operating Officer is appointed by the Secretary of Education to a minimum 3-year and a maximum 5-year term, and may receive a bonus for meeting the performance goals or be removed for failing to meet them.
Monday, he cited published reports that "Clinton administration Cabinet officers are being asked to arrange their travel schedules and public announcements so the vice president can finance his political campaign with taxpayer dollars when his funds run out."
Although not all CIA officers had lost faith in the tribals' capabilities-many judged them to be good reporters-few believed they would carry out an ambush of Bin Ladin.
Likewise, the Israeli army's chief medical officer, responding to the public outrage, said that if authorities ban his doctors from practicing on fallen soldiers, it will be the injured who will suffer.
The Contracting Officer monitors costs as required by the contract type (fixed-price or cost-reimbursable) and makes contract modifications as needed.
As Aphrodite Jones recounts in her book about the incident, All She Wanted (for which Diane Keaton has bought the movie rights), Tom told a police officer that Lana "was in the car" but didn't go into the farmhouse.
Contracting Officer's contract file.
After 6,000 indigenous protesters and several disgruntled military officers seized the congressional building and the presidential palace, Mahuad fled to an unknown location.
In the interest of cross-fertilization, all senior FBI managers, including those working on law enforcement matters, should be certified intelligence officers.
Wiranto, the commander in chief; as well as many younger officers.
The department has stocked up on pepper spray and smoke bombs and has given additional riot training to 45 officers, alarming many Hartford residents, tensely awaiting a prosecutor's decision about whether to charge a white officer who fatally shot a black 14-year-old in the back.
$20,171 to support overtime costs of two additional officers to serve PFAs during nonscheduled work hours, ensuring more expedient and immediate delivery and service of PFA orders.
Last fall (months before her existence was revealed to the public), a Secret Service officer warned Bob Dole to avoid a neighbor in the Watergate named Monica Lewinsky.
Although automation of payment processes helps streamline operations, the basic responsibilities of the certifying and disbursing officers remain the same.
About the Aug. 8 "Readme": You can justify withholding the British intelligence officer's article in a dozen different ways, but the fact remains that because of the financial liability to your parent company you decided not to publish a story that your training and experience as journalists indicated was important and ought to be told.
Customs officers assigned to the port, noticing Ressam's nervousness, referred him to secondary inspection.
The LAT leads with news that the Los Angeles police scandal is mushrooming, based on a reporter's unadvertised attendance at a special briefing for LAPD officers at which they were told that investigators are now looking into seven questionable shootings of Angelenos, and into the police theft and resale of street drugs.
Development and maintenance of an effective health and safety program in the laboratory requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management, and includes (1) the appointment of a laboratory health and safety officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a safety program, (2) the preparation of a formal, written, health and safety plan, which is provided to each laboratory staff member, (3) an ongoing training program on laboratory safety, and (4) regularly scheduled, documented, safety inspections.
The law enforcement officers induced the person to commit the crime .
For the call to the FAA, see DOD record, Senior Operations Officer log, Sept. 11, 2001 ("9:00 NMCC called FAA, briefed of explosion at WTC possibly from aircraft crash.
In an editorial titled "Who Dares Wins" (the motto of the British SAS commandos), the paper said that the Russians have won "not only Pristina and the initiative, but the secret admiration of scores of NATO officers frustrated by an enforced wait on the Kosovo borders."
Commissioner Meissner responded in 1993 to the World Trade Center bombing by providing seed money to the State Department's Consular Affairs Bureau to automate its terrorist watchlist, used by consular officers and border inspectors.
It reports that as she was leaving the White House one morning she passed an officer who said, "Good morning, Mrs. Clinton."
Representatives of one group told us that their members' ability to properly gather and protect computer-related evidence had facilitated law enforcement investigations, thus limiting the time and resources that the victim and the law enforcement officers needed to carry out an investigation.
And Mossad uncovered a 1961 plot by right-wing French army officers to assassinate President Charles de Gaulle.
Generally, the supervisor's approval serves two main purposes for the certifying officer: (1) to indicate the claims on the voucher are reasonable and (2) to verify that the travel actually took place.
Latino Officers Association vs.
This task force was managed by the New York Field Office of the FBI, and its existence provided an opportunity to exchange information and, as happened after the first World Trade Center bombing, to enlist local officers, as well as other agency representatives, as partners in the FBI investigation.
The NYT pass at the story, running inside, includes this not-quite-Miranda warning from Arafat's chief of police, "If anyone from the Qassam Brigades [of Hamas] gets near a police officer, shoot him in the legs!"
In 1996, the CIA set up a special unit of a dozen officers to analyze intelligence on and plan operations against Bin Ladin.
The writer notes that his cousin, an 18-year Army officer, attended college and graduate school for free, and that given the tax advantages of a military salary, his pay of $54, 792 is actually equivalent to a civilian salary of just under $94,000 a year.
The officers instructed those civilians who seemed composed to evacuate the complex calmly but rapidly.
The announcement was organized by the NAACP, which suspects racism in the investigation because all the accused officers are black, and most of the accusers, white.
The nadir for the Clandestine Service was in 1995, when only 25 trainees became new officers.
Christopher, Tony's protégé, has a new gig as an SEC compliance officer involving some complicated scheme to dump crummy stock on unsuspecting widows and shut-ins, but basically he's the same asshole junkie he always was, and has taken to fighting in bars with Ariana, his girlfriend.
Probation Officers
The agency's Contracting Officer and Contracting Officer's Representative/Contracting Officer's Technical Representative hold primary responsibility for administering the contract.
In a national survey, probation officers admitted that their average urban caseloads were at least 25 percent higher than they should be.
In addition, the case officer was frequently given photographs from a broad range of CIA stations to show to this particular witness.
Contact Floyd's parole officer for details.
Although the certifying officers are primarily responsible for payments authorized, the volume of transactions, the geographic dispersion of activities, and the emphasis on prompt payment make it virtually impossible for these individuals to review all invoices before authorizing payment.
Emergency room doctors and nurses were notified of the situation by a police officer, but citing hospital policy, they refused to leave the emergency room to come to his aid--thirty-five feet away.
One senior security officer noted, "Sharing information and solutions is important.
In 1979, while a member of the City Council, she hosted a coming-out-of-jail cocktail party for John R. Hill, who had murdered a corrections officer on the first day of the Attica riots.
In particular, the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and the Government Management Reform Act of 1994 spelled out an ambitious agenda to remedy the government«s lack of useful, relevant, timely, and reliable financial information.
There was no need for the Kremlin, he said, to "act like the czarist officer who farted at the ball and then shot himself."
Third, because the attacks came so close to the 9:00 shift change, many firefighters just going off duty were given permission by company officers to "ride heavy" and became part of those on-duty teams, under the leadership of that unit's officer.
The war ended long ago, but for Erwin Siegelbaum, who at 15 saw the Nazi officer Nachtigel murder his parents, the war has never ended.
The Chief Operating Officer is to enter into annual performance agreements containing measurable organization and individual goals with key managers, who can receive a bonus or can also be removed.
The Wall Street Journal "Washington Wire" reports that three separate suicides by Navy officers in and around Washington in recent months have the service rattled.
FAA memo, "Full Transcription; Air Traffic Control System Command Center, National Traffic Management Officer, East Position; September 11, 2001," Oct. 21, 2003, p.
"Today's Papers" can handle that one--because the more experienced officers have rank, and insist that rank has its privileges, like working during the daytime.
Epidemic Intelligence Service officers at CDC, state and local laboratory personnel, and other public health officials use the system to securely conduct on-line discussions about posted events, communicate with public health officials, and request both financial and nonfinancial assistance.
For although I am Chinese-American and thus a "person of color," I am also this: child of the suburbs, product of mostly white schools, junior officer of the overclass, skeptic of hard-core multiculturalism, friendly with many minorities but friends with few, never once the victim of blatant discrimination, husband now of a woman named Haymon.
At the time of the collapse of the South Tower, there were numerous NYPD officers in the concourse, some of whom are believed to have died there.
, who had been investigated by the Secret Service for making threats against President Clinton in 1996, marched past a weapons detector and began firing, killing one police officer and mortally wounding a second officer whose own shots brought the gunman down.
Military officers in the Joint Staff shared this concern.
Goldhagen recounts the tale of a witness who saw a Russian man beaten to death because his name was Abraham; he does not report the same witness's account, on the next page of testimony, of the "sexually sadistic murder of a young [non-Jewish] girl by one of the officers."
However, security managers at many of the organizations told us that their chief executive officers or other very senior executives had an ongoing interest in information technology and security, which translated into an organizationwide emphasis on these areas.
The NYT front says the U.S. government admitted Thursday that a U.S. spy went into Iraq in the guise of a UN weapons inspector and left an eavesdropping device behind that for ten months allowed the U.S. and "a select elite" within the UN team to monitor the communications of the officers who protect Saddam Hussein and conceal his weapons of mass destruction.
23"Remarks by the President, Prime Minister Tony Blair of England (Via Satellite), Dr. Francis Collins, Director of the National Human Genome Research Institute, and Dr. Craig Venter, President and Chief Scientific Officer, Celera Genomics Corporation, on the Completion of the First Survey of the Entire Human Genome Project," The White House, Office of the Press Secretary (June 26, 2000).
Standard theories about German officers and their disillusionment with the regime seem inadequate.
At 8:58, while en route, the NYPD Chief of Department raised the NYPD's mobilization to level 4, thereby sending to the WTC approximately 22 lieutenants, 100 sergeants, and 800 police officers from all over the city.
The popular use of the name in the US in the 1870s must have been in honor of Oliver Otis Howard (1830-1909), since the surnames of Civil War officers were often used in baptism.
Also, the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 calls for financial management systems to comply with internal control standards, and the Federal Financial Management Improvement Act of 1996 identifies internal control as an integral part of improving financial management systems.
Furthermore, says the NYT , early on the morning of the test explosions, "one lonely analyst" saw a photo of fences being removed, but it took four or five hours before more experienced officers arrived to review the evidence.
The NMCC officer who participated told us that the call was monitored only periodically because the information was sporadic, it was of little value, and there were other important tasks.
The paper follows up inside with a fascinating interview with the former Russian officer who decided on a hunch that an apparent Sept. 1983 American ICBM attack was a false alarm and so didn't start World War III.
For the PAPD Chief 's and officers' ascent, see PANYNJ statement 1, Feb. 1, 2002.
2. "Michael O'Reilly, the chief financial officer of Linux software maker Corel , announced he was resigning Wednesday.
The NYPD suffered 23 fatalities-the second largest loss of life of any police force in history, exceeded only by the number of PAPD officers lost the same day.
And to show me the famous window of the Defenestration of Prague, the glorious day in May 1618 during the Thirty Years War when two royal Catholic officers had been hurled from the window by the Protestant members of the Bohemian Diet--and being in Prague, had landed on a haystack below.
For 40,000 officers, see NYPD information provided to the Commission, July 9, 2004.
"The documents in his file," explains the writer, "may spur a debate relating to how an officer can have a file containing numerous complaints of misconduct against minorities and still be promoted through the ranks."
Even after Bin Ladin's departure from the area, CIA officers hoped he might return, seeing the camp as a magnet that could draw him for as long as it was still set up.
It is "scary," he said, to have "an officer corps so overwhelmingly _____________."
Some officers were then assigned to assist in stairwell evacuations; others were assigned to expedite evacuation in the plaza, concourse, and PATH station.
In Yediot Aharanot , Danny Rothchild, a former intelligence officer of the Israeli Defence Forces, predicted that the transfer of power in Jordan will take place "without many shocks" but that there will be hard times ahead for the Jordanian people.
Captain Victor Saracini and First Officer Michael Horrocks piloted the Boeing 767, which had seven flight attendants.
In 1975, the American Mathematical Society wanted to elect a slate of four officers from a list of eight candidates.
FEMA information officer Bill Lindsay announced Wednesday that the relief center will be open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., seven days a week, until further notice at Trinity Baptist Church.
For the first time in nearly a decade, the WP reports, the Marine Corps is charging a commanding officer with negligence in a training death.
They were hampered by not knowing how many officers were responding to the site and where those officers were operating.
They write that the man convicted of murdering a police officer: "ennobles the rest of us to deepen, enlarge, and improve our political opposition to a state gone mad."
The Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 provided for chief financial officer positions in 24 major agencies and required annual reports on the financial condition of government entities and the status of management controls.
5) The top U.N. human rights officer criticized NATO for killing civilians and making itself "the sole judge of what is or is not acceptable to bomb."
The agency's Contracting Officer and Contracting Officer's Representative/Contracting Officer's Technical Representative hold primary responsibility for administering the contract.
"What I'm hoping is that everyone will have a sense of closure from this," a police officer told a reporter after an execution was carried out last month in Arizona, 18 years after the crimes had been committed.
Specifically, we recommended that OMB promote the federal Chief Information Officers Council's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for increasing awareness of the importance of information security, especially among senior agency executives, and improving information security program management
As commander in chief, a president is giving orders, in effect, or he is the superior of the officers that are reporting to the commander in chief in the chain of command.
the individual who possesses a sufficient level of authority and responsibility for the financial reporting process, such as the chief financial officer.
An officer, McCain explains, "keeps his word, whatever the cost.
The three plainclothes NYPD officers who had made it up to the 54th floor of the NorthTower felt the building shake violently at 9:59 as the SouthTower collapsed (though they did not know the cause).
After a long period of disillusionment--uncomfortably mixed with exhilaration at the success of the blitzkrieg--and as soon as Hitler decreed the invasion of the Soviet Union, the officers began to plot again.
Sending CIA officers into Afghanistan was to be considered "if the gain clearly outweighs the risk"-but at this time no such gains presented themselves to warrant the risk.
Some quality control problems noted at the WP : 1) A story about trials of an experimental anti-autism drug is slugged by the paper "Treatment Counters Autism" even though the story goes on to explain that the drug worked no better in the studies than placebos given to the control group; 2) an AP story the paper runs about a credit card scam targeting senior military officers fails to mention that the Wall Street Journal broke the news yesterday; 3) over a heart-wrenching story about a 9-year-old boy who concealed the accidental death of his mother for a month, leaving her body in their home because he was afraid of being sent to an orphanage, the Post goes with the bad taste headline of the year, century, and millennium: "MOTHER DIED, BUT BOY, 9, KEPT MUM."
Specifically, we recommended that OMB promote the federal Chief Information Officers Council's adoption of information security as one of its top priorities and encourage the council to develop a strategic plan for increasing awareness of the importance of information security, especially among senior agency executives, and improving information security program management
So an off-duty officer stopped in a speed trap will try to escape by murmuring to the traffic officer, I'm in the job, mate, or perhaps just I'm job.
Each Level 4 mobilization fields about 1,000 officers.
An LAT front-pager reveals that one of the suspects in the 1997 shooting of rap star Notorious B.I.G. is a former LAPD officer now in prison on unrelated bank robbery charges.
a COO-Chief Operating Officer
In her twenty-minute speech, with few details, she said that the CIA had followed her and that she had once been stopped at gunpoint by law enforcement officers at Newark airport.
For example, the chief executive officer (CEO) may ƒposition the CIO for success≈ in advance of hiring a new CIO while the other principles await the CIO«s attention.
Hence, the New York City cops searching for gay police officers.
Their ability to perform any mission, counterterrorism included, they argued, depended on preserving what they had, restoring what they had lost since the beginning of the 1990s, and building from there-with across-the-board recruitment and training of new case officers, and the reopening of closed stations.
“Bar that,” as the Sheriff's officer said to his first floor window.
Pakistani intelligence officers reportedly introduced Bin Ladin to Taliban leaders in Kandahar, their main base of power, to aid his reassertion of control over camps near
La Repubblica of Rome was preoccupied with the Vatican's difficulty in finding a new commanding officer for the pope's 100-strong Swiss Guard, it being the view of the Swiss bishops that the deputy commander, Lt.
And the increase in calls prompted Jackson Police Chief Rick Staples in March to form a focus group to determine if police officers need to make changes in their response to domestic calls.
"The 1998 Career Guide" says hot career paths include: animator, crisis specialist, corrections officer, grief therapist, and cosmetic dentist.
A onetime special forces officer, he had worked with Albright when she was ambassador to the United Nations and had served on the NSC staff with Clarke.
When one such officer inspected the cadets at a public school (Lancing) in 1919, the sixteen-year-old Evelyn Waugh helped to organize the dropping of rifles as a demonstration against the man's accent.
These observations are based on the body of work we have developed over the last several years and on our recent discussions with federal information security officers and other federal officials who are knowledgeable about federal information security practices.
An article follows a Haitian-American cop as he trains Haitian police officers.
Throughout this period (9:03 to 9:59), a group of NYPD and Port Authority police officers, as well as two Secret Service agents, continued to assist civilians leaving the North Tower.
"Most of the people who walk into the office have something wrong with them," said Petty Officer Benny Granillo, a Navy recruiter.
The bulk of GAO's work centered on the auditing of agency vouchers; GAO clerks checked vouchers and settled the accounts of executive branch disbursing officers.
Run for the district attorney's office by veteran probation officer Mike Cleary, the citywide program boasts an 80 percent success rate, costs little to administer, and holds kids (including hundreds of juvenile felony offenders) accountable.
Numerous electronic edits would be applied to the voucher at the certifying or payment officer's location prior to payment authorization.
The officers pleaded not guilty, and their attorneys said the officers had fired their weapons in the "reasonable belief" that they were in danger.
To determine the applicability of the leading organization's practices to federal agencies, we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials, including officials in OMB's Information Policy and Technology Branch, the Computer Security Division of NIST's Information Technology Laboratory, CIO Council members, the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council's systems subcommittee, information security officers from 15 federal agencies, and members of the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection.
The longest stretch of Eyes Wide Shut features Dr. Bill Harford (Tom Cruise) on an endless nocturnal prowl, perturbed by his wife's needling confession that she once had a sexual fantasy about a naval officer she saw in a hotel lobby.
CIA officers, including Deputy Director for Operations Pavitt, were irate."
The WSJ "Washington Wire" reports that the Army general who heads up the 1st Cavalry Division had this assessment for acquisition officers of the high-tech gear they're providing him: "You are fielding pieces of crap."
However, we emphasized that employees responsible for maintaining the documents must be familiar with the retention and storage requirements set forth in Title 8, "Records Management," of the GAO Policyand ProceduresManualand that they might be requested to forward the documents for review by the certifying officer or auditors.
Microsoft's chief technical officer (and Slate contributor), Nathan Myhrvold, whose "Save the Web" memo last year helped start the archive movement, counters that we don't know now what will be important later.
But a senior Joint Staff officer described the plan as "generally, not too much different than we might have come up with ourselves."
Neighborhood delis ran out of flowers, and NYPD officers were telling onlookers to "say a prayer and move it along, please."
The NYPD had specific and detailed standard operating procedures for the dispatch of officers to an incident, depending on the incident's magnitude.
"In the foreground, the usual do-gooders, blissfully unaware that just behind them a phalanx of officers from NYPD's Special Forces division are aiming their automatic weapons at what they assume are gun-wielding rapists."
Association for Federal Information Resources Management: www.affirm.org Chief Financial Officers Council: www.financenet.gov Federal Chief Information Officers Council: www.cio.gov Government Information Technology Services Board: www.gits.gov Industry Advisory Council: www.iaconline.org Information Systems Audit and Control Association and Foundation: www.iasca.org Information Technology Association of America: www.itaa.org Information Technology Resources Board: www.itrb.gov International Federation of Accountants: www.ifac.org National Association of State Information Resource Executives: www.nasire.org Society for Information Management: www.simnet.org
The soldier was wrestled down by a fellow officer and later explained that he wanted to thwart Israel's troop withdrawal from Hebron.
FAA audio file, Herndon Command Center, National Operations Manager position, line 4525; FAA audio file, Herndon Command Center, National Traffic Management Officer east position, line 4530; FAA memo, "Full Transcription; Air Traffic Control System Command Center, National Traffic Management Officer, East Position; September 11, 2001," Oct. 21, 2003, p.
The Guardian said that one of these manhandled protestors ought to bring a civil action against the police, so as at least to identify "which officer was in charge and from whom he received his instructions."
GSA, Guide for Contracting Officers' Technical
More important, Weisberg assumes that Gore would never appoint somebody who disagrees, and might therefore sabotage the policy (among disagreers, only the theoretical perfectly honorable officer would pass muster).
To determine the applicability of the leading organization's practices to federal agencies, we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials, including officials in OMB's Information Policy and Technology Branch, the Computer Security Division of NIST's Information Technology Laboratory, CIO Council members, the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council's systems subcommittee, information security officers from 15 federal agencies, and members of the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection.
Ellis is a former police officer and real estate agent [this last strikes Chatterbox as a cheap shot] who, it turns out, is also a convicted felon."
As mentioned earlier, legislation enacted in the 1990s has provided a statutory framework that includes the Government Performance and Results Act of 1993, the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 and related financial management legislation, and information technology reform legislation, including the ClingerCohen Act of 1996 and the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
The WSJ reports that the result of a recent high-level U.S. military war game set in a conflict between India and Pakistan shocked and disappointed many of the Army officers participating: none of the U.S.' heavy divisions could get to the Indian subcontinent in time to have any effect on the war's outcome.
The dispatcher further confused the substance of the 911 call by telling NYPD officers at the WTC complex that "the 106th floor is crumbling" at 9:52, 15 minutes after the 911 call was placed.
In its Thursday edition, the Herald led with a revelation that Australian military officers working as U.N. arms inspectors in Baghdad had placed and operated spying devices that were later used by the U.S. to select targets for Operation Desert Fox.
This program should include (1) a safety officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a safety program, (2) the preparation of a formal, written, health and safety plan, which is provided to each of the laboratory staff, (3) an ongoing training program on laboratory safety, and (4) regularly scheduled, documented, safety inspections.
They're on the new West Side Story recording where Salt-N-Pepa, Def Jef and others do "Gee, Officer Krupke," and, between choruses, add their own machine-gun interpolations, beginning with:
Thomas V. Fritz President & Chief Executive Officer Private Sector Council
But we do trust Scott, a former naval-intelligence officer and editor of the Washington Monthly . Though if the typos get any worse, we may need to e-mail him a supply of Seattle's favorite beverage.
§ 716 does not include the Vice President because he is a constitutional officer of the government.
That may reflect poorly on the membership, but it can't be pinned on the officers.
Officers at the CIA had worried that giving him a green light might cross the line into violation of the assassination ban.
Down below the fold on the front page, the NYT breaks the story of an Air Force officer, William Kite, who faces a court martial for fraternizing with an enlisted person and lying about it to superiors.
An FBI special agent recognized the name Khallad and connected this news with information from an important al Qaeda source who had been meeting regularly with CIA and FBI officers.
Yesterday morning, says an LAT front-pager, a man was killed in a shootout with police officers after he lead them on a three-hour freeway car chase.
At about 9:00, the senior NMCC operations officer reached out to the FAA operations center for information.
Clinton used the Reserve Officers Training Corps to escape the draft, then backed out and never served in the ROTC.
His business aides received word that a Sudanese military officer who had been a member of the previous government cabinet was offering to sell weapons-grade uranium.
Critics say that the military applies these laws hypocritically, allowing high-ranking male officers to get away with affairs but not women or rank-and-file soldiers.
We suggested that agencies inform the field office staff that random samples of all payment transactions would be selected for the purpose of verifying the validity of the payments and that they would be required to forward all documents related to the selected transactions to the certifying officer's location for review.
In theory, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs at that time, Colin Powell, was an obedient officer ranking directly below Clinton in the chain of command.
contracting officer,
A top Pentagon officer from the Gulf War describes the generals' standard procedure: "They tell the White House, 'You are going to need an overwhelming amount of stuff.
These observations are based on the body of work we have developed over the last several years and on our recent discussions with federal information security officers and other federal officials who are knowledgeable about federal information security practices.
A rough study by the CBO found that enlisted service members earned higher wages than three-quarters of male civilian high-school graduates of the same age, and officers earn higher wages than three-quarters of college graduates of the same age.
For CTC contact, see FBI email, Harry S. to Chuck F., "Please Pass To [desk officer],"Aug.
Albright's father, Josef Korbel , was a foreign-service officer in the liberal interwar Czechoslovakian government.
For the government's major departments and agencies, this legislation (1) established chief financial officer positions,
Thus the languages of the New South Wales inland—Wiradhuri and Kamilaroi and its dialect Yuwaalaraay—formed part of a borrowing continuum which began with Dharuk and which incorporated the Australian pidgin which David Collins, an officer of the First Fleet, had described as a barbarous mixture of English with the Port Jackson dialect.
