At this rate, the United Nations said, Colombia's coca crop will be reduced 50 percent by the end of the year.
Let increased happiness become “increased rate of reproduction,” hence, increased fitness.
Since the illegal-abortion rate remains high in countries where abortion is outlawed, contraception may be the only effective way to bring abortion rates down.
standing you know and try to decide how we want to invest our money because right now the the uh interest rates on everything seems to be so low that you know i don't really see any benefit over um uh
Dive rates in Vallarta range between US$60 and US$120 for a two-tank dive.
So I still am fluent in French and I am very thankful for that, um, because recently, when my grandmother came to visit, she has never had heart trouble, and, um, never had anything go wrong with her heart or anything, and one day, while she was here, which was, here recently her heart rate dropped real low, so we had to, um, rush her to the emergency room, and this was something very scary for her because she doesn't speak any English.
Studies that have used only investigator-reported events probably underestimate the true MI rate.
Our students, moreover, consistently have the highest success rate of any law school, graduates on passing the Indiana Bar exam.
In this study, the respiratory rates of the study groups were significantly higher than the control group at 30 min.
Thousands of residents still live in sub-standard conditions, our teen pregnancy rate is the highest in the state, only one-third of residents have high school diplomas, and half of our residents have little hope of participating in community improvements because they do not own their home.
No statistical differences were observed in mortality rates between the patients who had occult AI (χ 2= 0.311, P = 1) (Fig.
Indeed, while many Americans grew wealthier during the 1980s and 1990s, the rate of childhood poverty in America was actually rising by 20 percent!
A significant increase in interest rates on many IOLTA accounts by major banks.
School of Medicine researchers and physicians have: developed treatments that turned a 90 percent mortality rate for testicular cancer into a 90 percent cure rate; pioneered echocardiography, we use of sound waves for detecting heart disease; shared in developing "smart" pacemakers, which monitor heart rhythm and automatically shock the heart when it develops irregularities; founded the world's first DNA bank, preserving genetic material for future study and diagnosis; pinpointed the defective gene in Huntington's disease and one type of Alzheimer's disease; and spearheaded the use of many New treatments for critically ill children, including infant heart transplant and special therapies for cancer.
To avoid the substantial volatility in the implied interest rate after 2005 as a result of declining debt, interest rates are held constant at 5.4 percent-the average interest rate assumed by CBO on short- and long-term Treasury securities-from 2005 through the end of the simulation period.
When I found out that the infant mortality rate in Indiana was 86 percent greater than for mothers in Sweden, I was shocked.
These primers significantly advanced the rate of ERCA amplification, cutting the reaction time in half for the Factor V Leiden probe set (data not shown), resulting in a 20-minute assay.
On the February and July exams, for example, our pass rates were 96.
This situation would create a kind of selection pressure favoring recombinant haplotypes and thus also favoring those chromosomes that happen to have a high recombination rate between the selected genes.
You may also take advantage of our special 2-year membership offer for $30, a savings of almost 60% off our regular 2 year rate.
For instance, if we want to maintain the genome-wide Type I error rate at the usual 5% level, then the Bonferroni-adjusted gene-specific (that is, test-specific) Type I error rate is = 0.05/ N , where N is the total number of genes to be tested.
In the United States, we have a rate of childhood poverty that is higher -sometimes two or three times higher -than other major western industrialized nations.
Case-control studies are applicable with special considerations for cancer screening [ 22 ] . Periodic Screening Evaluation (PSE) is a method for using data from subjects of various age who receive at least two regularly scheduled screenings to estimate the reduction in cancer mortality from periodic screening over a range of ages [ 23 24 ] . The main assumptions of PSE are (1) once a cancer is detectable on screening it would be detectable on later screenings (2) given age, year of birth adds no information for predicting the detection rate on the first screen, (3) no selection bias in using refusers to estimate survival from detection in the absence of screening.
- the artistic quality is top rate - the education programs lead the country (other theatres wish they could reach even half of the 45,000 students the IRT does) - the treatment we receive here is the friendliest and most accommodating - the IRT audiences really listen and respond
Evolutionary rates and protein-protein interactions: bacteria
The good news is that the teen-age birth rate has fallen almost 9% since 1991.
A recurrence rate of 30% may be expected during the first 5 years after diagnosis.
Your assistance will allow the continuance of offering these programs at reasonable rates.
This, in turn, is based on a productive hourly rate (pay, overtime pay, and benefits for hours worked) increased to account for other costs that can be associated with carriers.
We continue to attract top students and consistently our graduates have the highest success rate of any law school graduates on the Indiana Bar Exam.
Quantitatively, what this means is that if a 10% per year decline of mortality rates at all ages is achieved and sustained indefinitely, then the first 1000-year-old is probably only 5–10 years younger than the first 150-year-old.
You will also be entitled to special discounts on books, audiotapes, and videotapes from the Institute and a reduced rate to participate in our Ethical Fitness TM Seminars.
These rates were calculated by the direct method with the United States standard population for the year 2000 [ 13 ] . Rates were calculated for both LDS and nonLDS populations in Utah and are expressed per 100,000 person-years.
To make it interesting, a little competition has been proposed --the class with the highest participation rate and the class with the highest dollar total will be honored.
The 5-year survival rate for patients with lung cancer is approximately 15%, and it has changed only marginally in the last 30 years [ 1].
Although inflation is low, our productions are very labor intensive and most exceed the rate of inflation.
improve understanding of the rates and processes governing chemical and physicaltransformations of mercury in the atmosphere, including speciation of emissions from electricity generation and the transport of these species;
Admission Rates: Adults - $5.
The mammalian proteins with an increased rate of amino-acid substitution between the human and rodent lineages also show a level of K s significantly higher than that of the total dataset (Table 1).
It is one of the more significant factors that places the United States 20th among the 36 industrialized nations of the world in infant mortality rates.
When we chose a value of Δ corresponding to a false detection rate < 20%, there were 124 differences according to the ratio method but only 56 differences according to the signal method.
However, the average response rate to our appeals is 10%, which means that about 544 of you send in checks -- if history repeats itself with this appeal then each of you will have to give $182 to make the $100,000 goal.
The major mode of failure was ligament tearing at both of the strain rates.
00 Under 6 yr - Free Tour and Military Rate $3.
The amended rule will result in banks paying higher interest rates on IOTA accounts, which could yield an additional $15 million dollars in IOTA revenues.
On the February and July 1990 exams, our pass rates were 96.
First, it would eliminate the "preferred" categories of mail, all of which have rates that are below corresponding commercial rates.
We are losing natural areas and habitats at an alarming rate.
* Results calculated using three percent discount rate as recommended by EPA's Guidelines for Economic Analysis (US EPA, 2000a).
School of Medicine researchers and physicians have: developed treatments that turned a 90 percent mortality rate for testicular cancer into a 90 percent cure rate; pioneered echocardiography, we use of sound waves for detecting heart disease; shared in developing "smart" pacemakers, which monitor heart rhythm and automatically shock the heart when it develops irregularities; founded the world's first DNA bank, preserving genetic material for future study and diagnosis; pinpointed the defective gene in Huntington's disease and one type of Alzheimer's disease; and spearheaded the use of many New treatments for critically ill children, including infant heart transplant and special therapies for cancer.
The principle underlying this assay is that bacteria resistant to a treatment will increase in frequency over sensitive bacteria only to the extent that the treatment is effective at killing or reducing the rate of growth of the sensitive bacteria.
but uh we try to avoid them with a passion because of the percent of interest rate if you've got the cash to pay for something it's better to do it that way than versus credit cards unless it's a small enough sum that you can do it within a two three month period but
When choosing gifts to be shipped, remember to bypass the extremely fragile items and always ask for handling and insurance rates before you buy, as they can frequently double the price.
In the figure, we assume that the order-fulfillment rate equals 97 percent and the order-fulfillment lead time is three weeks.
The NYT and LAT report that consumer spending rose at a 3.9% rate, below the rate for the first six months of the year (6.
The average distribution from these permutations defines the values of d e . Reducing Δ expands the list of "significant" genes, but also increases the false detection rate.
they don't know how to sit there and look at the interest rate and say well this one is only sixteen percent and this one's twenty two hum
On the west, the people of Kerala, who speak Malayalam, boast the highest literacy rate in the country: 90 percent for the whole State, compared with 81 percent for the next highest (the district of Mizoram); and this with a national average of just over 52 percent.
At equilibrium, the net rate of formation or destruction of each molecular species is zero, aside from small fluctuations that damp out.
Now, these problems with a rigidly fixed exchange rate are not news.
Our data show that a group of physicians, comprised largely of primary care providers, would require a high degree of benefit in terms of response rate to recommend therapy for HCV, which was not necessarily related to their perspectives on the harm associated with treatment side effects.
well the credit card companies i know are arguing against uh being forced to lower their rates but uh
The more tours you buy, the lower the rate, so water-ski enthusiasts will certainly get value for money.
Perhaps were the mutation rate of bacteria higher their communities would become supracritical.
This tightfistedness set the table for the current boom, leading to low interest rates, job growth, the Wall Street explosion, etc.
A recent study identified a number of α5 helix residues in α t that when changed to alanines increased rates of guanine-nucleotide exchange ( i.e., decreased affinity for guanine-nucleotides) [ 5 ] . Individual mutation of amino acids in α t , cognate to T330, N332, V333, F337 in α i2 (Figure 1), increased nucleotide exchange rates [ 5 ] . Two of these critical amino acids, N332 and V333 in α i2 , are in fact the first two amino acids that are replaced by the novel splicing in sα i2 (Figure 1).
had an enormous jump in the uh in the SAT rate
The premier season is from October through February and rates range from US$180 to US$350 for a private fishing charter.
Let happiness, or the economist’s utility, become “rate of reproduction,” hence, fitness.
The presidentially appointed Postal Rate Commission, which adjudicates the Postal Service's applications for rate changes, cast doubt on USPS's figures, claiming that it had "seriously misestimated its need for a rate hike."
Despite improvements in the overall management of such patients, including intensive fluid resuscitation, broad-spectrum antibiotic therapy, and life-support devices, mortality rates have not improved during the past decade [ 4].
i mean that is you know just a a rate that you have to pay
Its mortality rate for children under five of 13 per 1,000 places it on a par with major industrial countries.
The most recent evidence suggests that on a large enough scale the universe is flat, the matter distribution is isotropic, and  a recent surprise  the universe may be expanding at an accelerating rate.
If we compare these 164 deletions to the retained 7873 entries, we find that the updated 2% attrition rate only trivially raises the earlier 1.5% rate.
For example, litters of inbred mice sometimes have a runt, suggesting a difference in rate of development and/or other factors.
you just pretty much go wherever you want to go and they had great summer rates so like if you do it before September or October or something like that you really save a ton of money and i would love to do that
Crime rates are rising, especially violent crimes involving the young.
4 shows the comparative growth rates in inventories from 1992 to 1994 for business units with low, medium, and high technology levels.
USA Today runs its Clinton defense story as the off-lead and goes instead with Michael Jordan's imminent retirement, a story that rates big front play at the NYT and a reefer at the LAT . Another sports story dominates much of the rest of the USAT front: the wildly accelerating prices sports franchises are fetching.
Utilization rates were lowest in the VA, and were considerably higher in the 2 national samples.
so you know but you look at our our crime rates and things like that and you compare them to to like Texas or someplace that does you know it it it's impossible to make a case that it's it's affecting it in any way
The Edinburgh and Lothians Tourist Board offers the “Lothians and Edinburgh Golf Pass,” with discounted rates on 20 courses in the Lothians region.
Thus, it appears that the biosphere and the econosphere have endogenous mechanisms that gate the exploration of the adjacent possible such that, on average, such explorations do successfully find new ways of making a living, new natural and business games, at a rate that can be selected by natural selection, or its economic analogue of success or failure, at a rate that is sustainable.
Another interpretive discrepancy: The analysts consulted by the WP say that the Fed will probably still reduce short-term interests rates in November, but the LAT and the NYT say that such Fed action is now less likely.
However, in one test, around 5% of randomly selected C. elegans genomic sequences were found to have the capacity to fold into plausible miRNA precursor hairpins [ 11 ] . This suggests that computational prediction of miRNAs based on presumed structure alone would have an unacceptably high false-positive rate.
well you know i would love to see a ban uh on firearms and i'd have to rate myself as a number one however i worry that that the that the country could ever get to that point
Almost all rooms in the Lake District are priced at a B&B (bed-and-breakfast) rate, per person, with a fee added at many places for individuals traveling alone.
A few sewing operations are so demanding that some operators are never able to achieve the minimum acceptable production rate for them.
well you know i'm home a little too often i think they're they're not calling substitutes that often but at any rate um i had taken a state test to be of all things a court officer
Second: Others claim that the rate of return that the average investor expects to receive on stocks has fallen.
All studies, except F1K-MC-EVAS, utilized inclusion and exclusion criteria similar to those in the phase 3 Study F1K-MC-EVAD (Recombinant Human Activated Protein C Worldwide Evaluation in Severe Sepsis [PROWESS]) [ 4 ] . Severe sepsis was defined in all protocols as the presence of known or suspected infection, the presence of a systemic response to infection (as evidenced by alterations in temperature, heart rate, respiratory rate, and white blood cell count), and the presence of one or more associated acute organ dysfunctions (cardiovascular, respiratory, renal, hematologic, or metabolic acidemia).
By use of an equation suggested by Zurek relating the decoherence timescale, Td, to the relaxation timescale, Tr, of the system, in which increasing mass and area increase the rate of decoherence in proportion to their product, it can be qualitatively shown (via suciently rough arguments) that geometry may well be thought of as decohering, and doing so on a length scale of about cm, which is smaller than the Compton radius of the electron and even smaller than the radius of a nucleus.
and you'd be surprised how quick that gets the pulse rate up
So how much do tax rates matter?
Yet, despite a large cost difference, there is no rate distinction between these flats and those that can be processed effectively.
Now an interesting feature of the Td/Tr equation alluded to above is that whatever the exponential rate of expansion of geometry may be per Planck time unit, the exponential rate of decoherence, Td, which grows as the mass times the size scale squared of the geometry, increases, until eventually the exponential rate of formation and exponential rate of decoherence of geometry must balance.
uh recently we've been hitting Pancho's up it's a local Mexican restaurant pretty heavily because they've got a good rate on the you know good prices and everything
The column reports that last year banks raised outstanding credit by more than 8 percent, the fastest rate of increase in ten years.
The cocktail showed favorable detection rate for melanoma micrometastases as compared to MART-1 and Melan-A alone.
In short, an endogenous process almost certainly limits the rate of generation of molecular diversity such that cells and local communities are not supracritical.
and i used it once and then i cut up because the interest rate was like almost twenty three percent
The Times also says that the Asian and Russian financial crises get some credit for braking inflation because of all the overseas money they drove into the American financial markets, helping to keep interest rates low.
Specifically, for fiscal year 2001, the senior executive in the Nashville regional office had a target for his office for an abandoned telephone call rate of not more than 5 percent for customers' inquiries of VBA's benefit programs, such as compensation and pension services.
When the rate of geometry formation and decoherence balance, geometry keeps building tetrahedra as fast as possible everywhere, but flat geometry, by hypothesis, decoheres most slowly.
yes they they uh they used to be uh uh more credit conscious i think the credit card companies now with with interest rates as high as they are they don't have to be as credit conscious they can
Book -- Burn Rate , by Michael Wolff;
No significant changes were observed in heart rate, respiratory rate, oxygen saturation, and wheeze score after aerosol treatments (Table 2).
It is a further plausible hypothesis that the rate of exploration of the adjacent possible endogenously converges to the rate that is maximally sustainable.
it's bigger than Kenosha by a little bit and their crime rate's crime rate's a lot worse than ours
Agricultural workers: Because they are seasonal laborers and have a high turnover rate, they were excluded from the law.
survival rate was 73%,71%,34%,15%.
Moreover, and as this volume indicates, the offsetting influences of lean retailing and short-cycle production in comparison with low foreign labor rates must be evaluated by product demand variability, rather than simply making generalizations about aggregate trade and immigration.
yeah it's even higher uh tax rate over there on income
It is one thing to assume that the Federal Reserve could in principle always lower interest rates enough to offset the depressing effects of tax increases and spending cuts.
Both of these species have broad chromosomal regions where crossing over occurs at higher rates than others, but there have been no reports of local recombination hotspots.
As a result, between 1972 and 1992 the annual rate of new shopping-center construction outpaced the growth in population and potential consumers.
you know i personally i don't have a gun but i wouldn't mind having one i live in a neighborhood where the crime rate is going up somebody breaks in my house i wouldn't mind having a gun you know in self-defense but uh
These days, high capital mobility and a fluctuating exchange rate are the norm, but in those days they seemed outrageous--or would have seemed outrageous, if anyone but the Canadians had been involved.
We use the Kelvin model as a conceptual representation for describing the individual behavior of both the ligament and the bone as a function of loading rate.
Eigen and Schuster elegantly relate the known mutation rates of viruses to the sizes of their genomes and show that viruses are close to but below the error threshold where selection can still overcome the melting.
crime oh our crime rate has just exceeded all
The overall national economic growth rate has been about 0.8 percentage points lower under Clinton than under Reagan.
Under the life-cycle model, people save to accumulate assets to finance future consumption, and attaining their wealth-to-income target depends in part on the rate of return anticipated.
At each step uphill, the fraction of directions uphill is cut in half, yielding exponential slowing in the rate of finding fitter variants, hence, rather general laws about the rate of improvement slowing exponentially that we will discuss in the next chapter on “learning curves” in economics.
yeah that's what's happening here there is like um that's in fact a big gubernatorial issue is the the turn over rates of
The experience of the past few months (in which the prospect that the government would have to sell vast quantities of bonds to finance its deficits temporarily led to a tripling of long-term interest rates) suggests that any attempt to stimulate the economy with even bigger deficit spending will do more harm than good.
The deconvolution procedures will first be tested for an intestinal input rate described by the same gamma distribution used above for figs.
The rate of exploration of the adjacent possible globally must be bounded such that a generalized Eigen-Schuster error catastrophe, melting the population or community away from adequate organization to survive and propagate, does not occur.
and the fact that and i read one time that uh there was a high divorce rate in in uh
This was supposed to convince the market that all was well, so eventually interest rates could come down.
In an earlier report by Merrill and Feuer [ 2 ] , based on 1990-92 national data, the hysterectomy prevalence correction based on an historical, rather than a cross-sectional, approach increased the age-adjusted rates of corpus uterine rates from 22.
If the mutation rate in a population of viruses is low, by successive rare successful mutations the population climbs steadily uphill, then becomes trapped on or in the near vicinity of a local peak.
all right so what do you think about gun control or what how do you rate on a one to ten scale your feelings about gun control
The paper reports that Thompson's players now achieve only a 59 percent graduation rate compared to an overall rate for freshmen at the school of about 90 percent.
Mataloni Jr., Raymond J. "An Examination of the Low Rates of Return of Foreign-Owned U.S.
In general, if the mutation rate is low enough, a population located at one point on the landscape will have a few mutants, one or two of which are fitter.
uh well i'm not sure how it is in Georgia but in in Pittsburgh the rate the crime rate really is not very high at the moment is that is that true for for Atlanta
I have no statistics to back me up, but it is my impression that, as the rate of publication of English dictionaries has increased over the past few decades, the fabrication of new words has similarly increased.
It considers only the most important information from the time domain of heart rate variability (HRV), i.e. whether the heart rate accelerates or decelerates from one beat to the next.
We measured eYciency thermodynamically as the conversion of available free energy coming into the system from the photon source into the excess hexamer with respect to the undriven steady-state rate of reaction concentration of the hexamer.
stops all them interest rates and interest rates aren't
The white graduation rate is 86 percent, so she reconfigures the stats to show that blacks have a dropout rate that's 78 percent higher for blacks than for whites.
The input is PO absorption directly to the liver (organ=liver), described by the Hill equation (type = 3) with A, H and T indicated by rate, tend and hn, respectively.
We will only broach the technological adjacent possible at that rate at which we can make a living doing so.
well i think for the US i think basically from what i've read that the US has one of the highest crime rates in the world so i think that's a priority
(In the short run, higher-income taxpayers may pay more taxes, not less, if a capgains rate cut leads them to sell more assets than they otherwise would have done.)
Postal Rate Commission
Not surprisingly, cutters were the highest paid workers receiving day rates.
credit card i think has the lowest about the lowest interest rate of any of the ones that we use
In big cities, New Year's Eve rates of upwards of $100 an hour are common.
Carotid angioplasty and stenting is associated with a perioperative stroke rate exceeding 3% in most series, largely due to emboli.
This arrangement worked well from Dillard’s perspective; it found this firm to be one of its best rapid-replenishment suppliers, with high order-fulfillment rates and on-time deliveries—the main criteria for success.
not so much that but i have noticed a difference because i am not exercising as much anymore in the uh in my heart rate which slowly creeps up as you get less and less fit
, and I know that the functional illiteracy rate in our state is 52 percent.
Sample size (eight protein sets) also was limited in the Kollman and Doolittle study [ 23 ] . Taken together these data suggest the following relative order of rate differences: archaebacteria < eubacteria < eukaryotes (archaebacterial origin) < eukaryotes (eubacterial origin).
This is illustrated in Table 7.1, which shows the average order-fulfillment rate for products with different levels of demand variability, assuming the same level of average demand is held for each SKU.
oh that's great yeah i've i've definitely noticed it's had a good effect on my pulse rate my resting pulse you know it gets it down to about forty yeah
While service standards differ (many countries offer two mail deliveries each weekday, for example), even at 33 cents, U.S. prices compare favorably with first-class rates overseas--Japan charges 74 cents, Germany 59 cents, France 48 cents, and Great Britain 37 cents.
Individual proteins from the four-taxon data set were each subjected to two different relative rate tests [ 22 23 ] . Proteins determined to be rate-constant at the typically applied stringency level (5% significance), and at two greater stringency levels (10% and 40% significance) were concatenated and bootstrap support was determined using neighbor joining.
Mortality rates of mice in Smith and Huggins [ 18 ] and here, as well as the RCA values, indicate that phages specific for the K1-capsule are more effective in controlling the infections than phage that are not specific for the capsule.
In the second, a survey of taxpayers would have to be very large to get a good "hit" rate of individuals who sought assistance, and the diversity of individual questions would have blurred ability to interpret variation in IRS responsiveness.
To avoid misinterpretations, it is also important to note that RSA and cardiorespiratory phase synchronization are both caused by cardiorespiratory couplings, but RSA results solely from modulation which is seen as a uni-directional interaction between heartbeat and respiration: breathing modulates heart rate but not vice versa.
The mortality models were weighted by the inverse of the standard error for the predicted mortality rate, to account for differences across hospitals in the accuracy of the excess mortality measures, which are due to differences in sample sizes [ 14 ] .
At high concentrations (above 100 pM level), the rate of increase of the MM signal can eclipse that of the PM signal (Figures 1d, 2d, Table 1for PheX_3) resulting in an eventual decline in the ADI (Figures 1d, 2dfor PheX_3).
2. Has the Relatively Low National Saving Rate Affected Investment and Economic Growth?
0% paraformaldehyde) was injected for 1 to 2 min at an increased flow rate.
In the VA, not only were overall rates lower, but also both the number of CABS performed and age adjusted rates declined from 1991 to 1999, whereas in the National Hospital Discharge Survey and the Nationwide Inpatient Sample, both the estimated number of procedures and age adjusted rates increased during the time for which data were available.
3mg/ml per week rates of GAG replenishment seen in young bovine cartilage explants recovering from trypsin-induced GAG depletion [ 14 ] . Comparison of these GAG accumulation rates with the rate of GAG release into the culture medium clearly suggests that at least 75% of the newly synthesized GAG is retained by the tissue.
6 Using an LSFO consumption rate is conservatively high, and Table 6-6 shows expected consumption rates if all projected FGD retrofits were LSFO technology and operated at 85 percent capacity factor.
[ 12 ] In the VA since 1991, there has been a decline in both the total number and rate of CABS performed, and since 1996, a decline in age adjusted rates of PCI.
The QT intervals were rate corrected (QTc) by application of the equation recommended by Mitchell et al.
This test relies on the assumption that functionally constrained protein-coding sequences should exhibit significantly lower rates of evolution in amino-acid-encoding nucleotide sites (typically first and second positions in a codon) relative to silent sites (typically third positions in a codon).
Standard emission rates are set forth for three categories of units: coal-fired units; oil-fired units; and other units.
( iii ) The rate of cell division is increased.
Unemployment rates are up.
In a series of 250 injections with a survival rate of 55% and an expression rate of 30% AJ/Pst was also specifically expressed in myocytes (see figure 7).
By correcting for mass and temperature, Brown, Gillooly, and their colleagues believe they have revealed underlying similarities in all the rates of life.
3According to neoclassical growth theory, the rate of growth of labor productivity depends on the growth rate in the capital-labor ratio, weighted by capital's share and the growth rate of total factor productivity.
Children are especially adept at learning to use hypnosis, [ 10 13 23 ] which may account for the high rate of reported success.
There is also the need to examine groups with frequent (possibly cryptic) hybridization, recent radiations, and high rates of gene transfer from mtDNA to the nucleus.
In concordance with previous investigations [ 10 ] , it was found that the rate of lens compaction was not constant over time, and that the majority of compaction was observed before middle age.
Quantitatively, this leads to the prediction that the ratio of the average rate of amino-acid substitution per site (K a ) relative to the average rate of silent substitution per site (K s ) for functionally constrained coding sequences should be significantly less than 1 [ 21].
The overall success rate for single-band amplification was 88%.
Interestingly, our study shows that tubular epithelial apoptosis was associated with TED and IF in human DNP, while normal appearance of tubular epithelium and interstitium was associated with baseline apoptosis rates in diabetic mouse models.
Heart rate was unchanged from pre-norepinephrine infusion to peak response (p = 0.3905).
Interestingly, the fraction of mutant genomes encapsidated with wild-type protein is equal to the fraction of wild-type genomes encapsidated with mutant protein at zero mutation rate.
The simplest case considers a disease with only two macroscopic epidemiological characteristics, an infection rate and a removal rate, which may change over time as in the case of meningococcal meningitis.
In 1995, however, GSA established a voluntary gainsharing program under which employees who use free tickets awarded for official travel miles or secure lodging at less than the established lodging rates can receive cash awards of up to half the amount saved for the government.
Prehn and West, using 1990 census data, calculated breast cancer incidence rates for aggregations of census block groups matched to Marin County on characteristics associated with higher breast cancer risk (percentage white population, urban status, average parity, median household income, percentage of persons with a college degree, percentage of persons with a working-class occupation, and percentage of households living below the poverty line), and found rates in the matched areas to be comparable with those in Marin County [ 4 ] . In another study using interview-based information, higher breast cancer incidence rates among white women in the SFBA were also fully explained by the distribution of parity, age at first birth, months of breast-feeding, age at menarche, and age at menopause [ 5 ] . Other previous analyses of nationwide variation in breast cancer incidence and mortality found most of it attributable to the distribution of known breast cancer risk factors [ 15 16 ] . It thus seems likely that a substantial part of the excess incidence observed in Marin County is explained by a higher concentration of women with a higher breast cancer risk profile.
In other words, ignoring the qualitative calls increased the false-positive rate by a factor of 20.
This increase in depreciation reflects a shift in the capital stock's composition from long-lived assets with relatively low depreciation rates, like steel mills, to shorter-lived assets such as computers and software.
Comparison of colony size measurements with plasmid retention rate measurements:
14Raymond J. Mataloni, Jr., "An Examination of the Low Rates of Return of Foreign-Owned
(1), (2), or (c), the owner or operator of two or more units subject to one or more of the applicableemission limitations set pursuant to these sections, may petition the permitting authority for alternative contemporaneous annual emission limitations for such units that ensure that (1) the actual annual emission rate in pounds of nitrogen oxides per million Btu averaged over the units in question is a rate that is less than or equal to (2) the Btu-weighted average annual emission rate for the same units if they had been operated, during the same period of time, in compliance with limitations set in accordance with the applicable emission rates set pursuant to subsections (b) (1) and (2).
During the first 2 weeks of post-IL-1-exposure culture, those investigators observed [GAG] recovery rates of approximately 4%/day with very little change in [GAG] observed during the third week, when [GAG] levels reached about 85% of the control level.
For nonutility units, the term "actual 1985 emission rate" means the annual sulfur dioxide or nitrogen oxides emission rate in pounds per million Btu as reported in the NAPAP Emission Inventory, Version 2.
This substitution controls for intrinsic differences in fitness of the two bacteria, for differences in the physiological states of the bacteria at the time of inoculation that could affect their growth rates independent of treatment, and for possible differences in the host response with and without treatment.
Therefore, it simultaneously established a separate, independent Postal Rate Commission to provide an open process in which the public could participate in the development of postage rates.
Rural women were also less likely than urban women to have a recent mammogram or clinical breast exam (CBE) [ 8 ] . Conversely, a recent qualitative study reported that rural women had higher rates of mammography and CBE than their urban and suburban counterparts [ 9 ] .
The program entered limited production in 1997 and full rate production in 2000.
6% (82/103) for D. littoralis . Coding exons from known and predicted genes pass the K a /K s test at similar rates: overall, (72.
Early studies indicated that depletion of amino acids and not other nutrients is essential for initiation of development [ 19 20 21 ] . Upon amino acid starvation, among other events there is a substantial decrease in the rate of initiation of protein synthesis, resulting in a reduction in size and amount of polysomes and accumulation of free ribosomes [ 19 22 23 ] . It is believed that the decrease in protein synthesis in response to starvation occurs post-transcriptionally, since adding back amino acids rapidly restores protein synthesis and does not require new mRNA synthesis [ 22 ] .
The rate of SP-A gene transcription increased in a time-dependent manner (Fig.
An ideal benefits estimate of mortality risk reduction would reflect these human characteristics, in addition to an individual's willingness to pay (WTP) to improve one's own chances of survival plus WTP to improve other individuals' survival rates.
In contrast, only 40 of the 113 (35%) patients evaluated in the RH facilities were ventilated for at least 96 h; despite this difference, the mortality rates and tertiary transfer rates are similar in both groups.
The first study shows mode I at slow strain rate and mode III at fast strain rate.
In contrast, among adults from 25 through 74 years, the rates among women were 18% to 34% higher than those in men, with the largest excess in the younger age groups.
It has been reported that maternal consumption of contaminated sport fish from Lake Ontario reduces menstrual cycle length and time to pregnancy [ 9 10 11 ] . The sex ratio of live births could be reduced if fecundity among women who consume contaminated GLSCF is reduced because of an increased rate of spontaneous abortion of male fetuses.
After January 1, 2000, the Administrator shall allocate annually for each unit, subject to theemissions limitation requirements of paragraph (1), which is located in a State with an installed electrical generating capacity of more than 30,000,000 kw in 1988 and for which was issued a prohibition order or a proposed prohibition order (from burning oil), which unit subsequently converted to coal between January 1, 1980 and December 31, 1985, allowances equal to the difference between (A) the product of the unit's annual fuel consumption, on a Btu basis, at a 65 percent capacity factor multiplied by the lesser of its actual or allowable emissions rate during the first full calendar year after conversion, divided by 2,000, and (B) the number of allowances allocated for the unit pursuant to paragraph(1): Provided, That the number of allowances allocated pursuant to this paragraph shall not exceed an annual total of five thousand.
The effect of diet on normalized metabolic rate may be construed as suggesting that the failure of metabolic rate to scale proportionally to the increase in body weight on the high fat diet may have contributed to the maintenance of the obese state, especially since the calculated caloric intake on the high fat diet was less than on the chow fat diet.
The second-order rate constants (in M -1s -1units) of the fibrosarcoma PAI-1 and the wtPAI-1 towards t-PA were 1.4 ± 0.5 × 10 7and 1.7 ± 0.6 × 10 7, and towards uPA were 4.1 ± 1.4 × 10 7and 4.4 ± 1.6 × 10 7, respectively.
Further research is therefore necessary to determine the influence of fluctuating temperatures on developmental progression, both with respect to developmental abnormalities and developmental rate.
Following publication of the report of the joint Postal Service-Postal Rate Commission task force on ratemaking, the Postal Service petitioned the Commission to adopt rules to implement some of the report's recommendations.
[ 11 17 18 ] . A role for nm-myosinII may exist, given its localization and that other perturbations that affect myosin function - myosin S1 microinjection, ML-7 treatment, and expression of dominant negative nm-myosinII constructs and have similar effects to BDM treatment [ 5 7 12 ] . However, a study in chick dorsal root ganglia neurons where nm-myosinII was inactivated using chromophore assisted laser inactivation saw no effect on retrograde flow rates [ 19 ] . We know now that BDM does not in fact inhibit nm-myosinII.
At the time of cancer diagnosis the rate of EBV and CMV seropositivity was not different in cancer patients and healthy controls.
Our Save the Unified Surpluses base simulation reflects CBO's January 20017 assumption that discretionary spending increases at the rate of inflation over the 10-year budget projection period.
The possibility of breast cancer clusters on Long Island has been in the news and the focus of recent research [ 2 ] . New York state had the 4 thhighest death rate from breast cancer in 1995-99, though it was 17 thin colorectal cancer and 39 thin lung cancer [ 3 ] . While breast cancer rates are higher in the Northeastern US than in other parts of the country, Kulldorff et al.
Analysis of mean tumor growth rate for the entire 42 days of intervention revealed that the mean tumor growth rate of mice fed the sE supplement was 63% slower than the mean tumor growth rate of mice not fed the sE supplement (significant at p < 0.01 as illustrated in Fig.
We hypothesize that other novel, high-scoring candidates with a similar level of third-species-conservation but which lack evidence of expression may in fact be genuine, thus implying up to 7/27 (26%) false-negative rate of northern analysis.
The exception is that, even adjusting for potential confounders, early antibiotic therapy was associated with a lower 28-day mortality rate.
In this report, we simulated the effect of different saving rates on the nation's standard of living using a standard model of economic growth originally developed by economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Postal Rate Commission
A complete description of the method for deriving lifetime and age-conditional probability estimates of being diagnosed with cancer is given elsewhere [ 8 ] . Probability estimates of developing cancer are reported across the age span and interpreted as the probability that the average child born today will be diagnosed with the disease by age x . This statistic assumes that the current rates upon which the probability estimates are based will remain constant over the child's lifetime.
A third limitation is the moderate participation rate and, as a consequence, the restricted generalization of the results to the general public.
It is our hope that refinement of miRNA prediction algorithms may further reduce the false-positive rate and elevate confidence in their output to a comparable level.
It is also noteworthy that beginning in 1995, utilization rates for CABS declined in the VA and National Hospital Discharge Survey.
Protein-specific rates were estimated by regression, fixed through the origin, of these calibration points within eukaryotes: arthropod-chordate (0.
Aeration is accomplished by bubbling air through a pipet at a rate of 100 bubbles/min.
Typical A frequency distribution of unfiled rates shows that 14 states had rates of 3, which turns out to be both the mode and the median for this distribution.
This is because the number of women alive that have undergone a hysterectomy increases over the age span, as evident in the corrected versus the uncorrected rates and probabilities.
For the period 1990 to 1996, the estimated rate for lower respiratory infection office visits was 74.
There is little doubt that large-scale and standardized sequencing, when integrated with existing taxonomic practice, can contribute significantly to the challenges of identifying individuals and increasing the rate of discovering biological diversity.
the cost of delivery and the benefits received by the mailer, the letter-size piece might be a more efficient piece for the nation as a whole, but the mailer will not make the change unless a rate differential is offered.
This model assumes that the rate of leaving the exposed or infectious class is constant, irrespective of the time already spent in that class.
The effect of diet on normalized metabolic rate may be construed as suggesting that the failure of metabolic rate to scale proportionally to the increase in body weight on the high fat diet may have contributed to the maintenance of the obese state, especially since the calculated caloric intake on the high fat diet was less than on the chow fat diet.
For example, to contribute to VA's strategic goal to "provide 'One VA' world class service to veterans and their families through the effective management of people, technology, processes and financial resources" and to address its priority of accuracy, VBA set a national target of 72 percent for fiscal year 2001 for the accuracy rate of original and reopened compensation and pension claims and appeals that were completed and determined to be technically accurate.
8301 et seq, repealed 1987) to exceed an annual sulfur dioxide tonnage emissions limitation equal to the product of the unit's annual fuel consumption, on a Btu basis, at a 65 percent capacity factor multiplied by the lesser of 1.20 lbs/mmBtu or the unit's allowable 1987 sulfur dioxide emissions rate, divided by 2,000, unless the owner or operator of such unit has obtained allowances equal to its actual emissions
,negative treppe) in failing hearts with this model [ 18 ] . This is in line with data from humanstudies, which showed that when first administered, β-blockers actually slowheart rate and diminish ejection fraction [ 27 ] .The higher dose of carvedilol significantly reduced heart rate andblood pressure for up to eight hours.
The reversion rate for the assay was low (< 0.001%).
For a given combination of maximal type I error rate, minimal power, and the estimated or expected effect size to be detected, there are multiple pooling designs that may satisfy these conditions.
ninput:=1; finput [ 1 ] :=table([organ=lung, type=1, rate=0.
They also reflect projections of labor force participation rates, unemployment rates, and weekly hours worked.
However, a literature search revealed that a few strains of rats, studied primarily for investigation of hypertension and stroke, have been reported to be sitosterolemic as well [ 15 16 ] . We hypothesised that these rat strains may be mutated in either Abcg5 or Abcg8 . Tissue (and plasma) plant sterol levels in the Wistar Kyoto (WKY) rat, the spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) and the stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHRSP) were significantly higher than in Wistar and WKA rats fed either a regular chow diet or diets that have higher plant sterols and these were correlated with increased death, or red cell hemolysis etc. [ 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 ] . Dietary sterol absorption rates were increased, with a decrease in sterol excretion [ 16 ] , characteristics similar to that observed in sitosterolemic patients.
According to Southern and colleagues [ 8 ] , the factor that determines the magnitude of oligonucleotide hybridization signals is not the stability of the duplexes that may be formed through hybridization, but rather the rate of forward reaction, which is determined by the rate of hybrid nucleation.
Similarly, the very small further increase in metabolic rate after adrenalectomy was significant.
The rate of occurrence for many of these diseases or disabilities has been rising, as has treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and depression in children [62,63,67,68,69,70].
Because the rate of growth prior to katatrepsis was the same at both temperatures, 10°C embryos that undertook early katatrepsis appeared to do so at a less developed stage; that is embryos just prior to katatrepsis had significantly shorter bodies at 10°C than at 0-4°C (figure 5).
The rates of CHF in SHEP participants treated with diuretics and placebo were 5 and 10 per 1,000 person-years, respectively.
Our observation that incidence rates estimated from both populations were of a similar magnitude supports the feasibility of this approach.
00866 × 4629 genes), so the false detection rate (40/107 = 37%) is the same as that estimated from t-tests.
The mortality rates were 40% in the steroid therapy group and 60% in the standard treatment group.
If one knows, a priori, that the absorption rate approximates a gamma distribution, then the spline break points can be chosen to provide an optimal fit to this gamma distribution (see Methods for details).
During rate cases, the Postal Rate Commission has sometimes made adjustments to Postal Service costing.
Of note, however, the annual rate of increase in frequency of patient visits with reported hyperlipidemia was 34% in 2001 and 21% in 2002, while it averaged only 12% through 2000.
All BRCA1 antisense subclones were able to proliferate as well as exhibit a decreased death rate in estrogen-deprived media, whereas parental and control subclones failed to grow.
Even so, in 2002, one year after the publication of Adult Treatment Panel III [3], statins were reportedly used in only 19% of patient visits with established CHD or its equivalents, and the average rate was no higher than 50% among high-risk visits where a diagnosis of hyperlipidemia also was noted.
05% formic acid; v/v) was performed with ISCO μLC-500 syringe pump at a flow rate of 5 μl/min.
Second, one could speculate that, even if the majority of the analyzed interactions actually do occur, they are selectively (nearly) neutral; the number of such real but functionally irrelevant interactions would not affect the rate of evolution.
Unfortunately, they didn't discuss what would happen if age-specific mortality rates fell by more than 2% per year.
Our results for 1995 to 1998 indicate a slightly higher rate for Hawaii (52.
Flow rates were 0.2 ml/min and the detection wavelengths were set to 220 and 240 nm.
This assumption is commonly adopted in statistical models that are used to estimate the transmission rate of HIV [14–17].
When using an aspiration flow rate of 150 ml/min, the response time - defined as the time necessary to reach 95% of a reference NO concentration - is around 30 s and only mean concentrations of NO can be accurately measured.
The San Francisco Bay Area reports some of the highest breast cancer rates in the world [ 1 2 ] . Within this region, appropriately adjusted breast cancer incidence and mortality rates are highest in Marin County, a small, urban county of 250,000 predominantly white, non-Hispanic residents located immediately north of the city of San Francisco.
[ 1 ] Nationally, although death rates have been declining since the mid-1980s, this trend is not consistent across all ethnic groups.
It is well recognized that the characterization of gene organization in the oriC region as well as the complete genome sequence will provide a springboard for addressing questions such as the nature of the slow growth rate of M. paratuberculosis as compared to the genetically related rapidly-growing mycobacteria.
Depending on their respective objectives and features, contractual arrangements of this kind have been labeled "contract rates," "negotiated service agreements," or more recently, "niche classifications."
However, if we assume they were similar or even higher among LDS, and given the similar TURP-detected prostate cancer incidence rates observed, there is no reason to believe that prostate cancer is more common in LDS men.
In contrast, if channel activation causes the formation or activation of a molecularly unique COP with fixed pore dimensions, the delay between channel activation and dye uptake should be independent of molecular size, but the subsequent rate of dye uptake should be linear and inversely proportional to molecular weight.
NMR spectroscopic applications enable the rates of osmotic shrinkage and swelling to be measured in situ and also enable measurement of transport of small molecules and ions in vivo [ 70].
Age adjusted rates of CABS and PCI were lower in the VA than in the other 2 settings, but it is important to put these rates in perspective.
Selection was measured in terms of the ratio of the rate of nonsynonymous substitutions (K n ), which are usually subject to selective pressure, to the rate of synonymous substitutions (K s ), which are assumed to be (nearly) neutral.
The delirium rate is 10-40% in cancer patients [ 23], but increases to 85% in patients with advanced malignancies [ 15].
Firstly, the extremely high probability of infection in high-dose challenge studies conflicts with the low transmission rate of HIV per sex act [14–17].
Heart rate in nursling females was significantly slower than in adult females (655 ± 6 bpm vs. 741 ± 2 bpm, P < 0.05).
In this essay, we characterize the current HIV epidemic in Nepal, look at the ways in which the conflict may be fuelling the infection rate, and discuss the current local and international response from the health and development community.
Rates are expressed as the number of procedures per 100,000 population.
Although a number of molecular-marker maps are available for various species, further resolution of the target region is often required, as markers may be irregularly spaced along the chromosome owing to uneven rates of recombination.
Although we have not determined the single-nucleotide polymorphism rate between the libraries, we observed four cases of insertional polymorphisms in which BACs contain transposable elements that are absent from the Release 2 WGS assembly; two on the X, a gtwin element in BACR33A08 and a 412 element in BACR29P19; one on chromosome 2, a roo in BACR01K07 and one on chromosome 3, a roo in BACR02C22.
On the other hand, given a higher rate of return, people need to save less now to finance a given level of future consumption.
The second statement is that the rate difference should be equal to the average incremental savings for the worksharing program.
The other method is a simple procedure to assay phage growth rate in vitro that can be used to screen phages to evaluate their potential for therapy.
Postal Rate Commission
The analysis places a monetary value of these health benefits (at a 3 percent discount rate) at an estimated $28 to $43 billion per year, including $2.
The laser system used in all eyes was the Aesculap Meditec Mel 60 (Karl-Zeiss, Jena, Germany), with laser fluence of 180 mJ/cm 2pulse rate at 20 Hz, in PTK mode.
This result is valid to the extent that the assumptions concerning the weight profile of the mail, and the applicability of First-Class rates to such mail, are valid.
It seems likely that U.S. and foreign mailers would prepare AO mail so that it would qualify for lower domestic rates applicable to printed matter and/or lower priority delivery.
Postal Service has been studied extensively and because U.S. postal costs are the most transparent in the industrialized world, we use U.S data from 1999 as provided in the most recent omnibus rate proceeding, Docket No.
Accordingly, 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using exact methods are reported for event rate estimates.
The American Joint Commission on Cancer, 3 rdedition staging was used to calculate stage-specific rates.
The discovery of rate differences among prokaryotes and eukaryotes required rate adjustments for all proteins and comparisons, including those accepted in rate tests.
Although some effect of indomethacin on cell growth rate was observed, there was no sign of macroscopic foci (data not shown).
Sections 3622 and 3623 similarly specify fairness and equity, together with other criteria, as considerations to be observed in making rate and mail classification changes.
The inability of type 2 viruses to confer a higher mutation rate than type 1 viruses in the non-HSV DNA mutagenesis assay is consistent with the absence of S1 nuclease hypersensitive sites in the LacZ gene fragment.
He is also struck by what is left unexplained when size is accounted for: animals of the same size can still show more than an order of magnitude variation in metabolic rate.
By increasing the rate at which deleterious mutations appear, APOBEC3G pushes viruses over this edge, causing a form of ‘lethal mutagenesis’ that results in their destruction; the rate of mutation becomes so high that no genome can reproduce itself faithfully, and the population crashes.
According to VHA, because it adopted these and other techniques, the performance data show that cardiac teams lowered their mortality rates for all cardiac procedures over the last 8 years by an average of 13 percent.
7% associated with drotrecogin alfa (activated) use reported in the pivotal, phase 3 trial F1K-MC-EVAD (PROWESS) [ 4 ] . These mortality rates are lower than recent mortality rate estimates for severe sepsis, which ranged between 30% and 50% [ 7 ] and lower than the combined placebo rate from controlled clinical trials of 31.
With an abnormal TCD rate of 10%, it is expected that at least 1000-1400 new patients from 24 participating Centers will need to be screened as part of the STOP-II study to identify 100 new patients with TCD velocities >200 cm/sec.
If the removal rate has a linear dependence on concentration (Q(t) = KC(t)) then this total input can be related to the AUC:
Comparatively high prostate cancer incidence rates in the 1990s among white men in Utah have been reported previously [ 2 3 ] .
3. How Has the Personal Saving Rate Changed Over Time?
This selection process may contribute to the favorable mortality rates for these smaller units.
Its annual growth rate, however, fell from 6.7 percent in 1987-90 to 1.9 percent in 1990-93 and further to 0.2 percent in 1993-97.
Our claim of the prevalence of the protein dosage effect as the short-term advantage of duplicated genes is not incompatible with the possibility of a long-term advantage in terms of new functions or the observation that duplicated genes evolve at a faster rate.
Suggested guidelines for management of patients with type 1 diabetes by use of insulin are outlined in Box 2. Since IV regular insulin has a short half-life (ten minutes), hypoglycemia is of little concern, as the infusion can be decreased and the IV glucose rate increased.
The differences in the length of hospital stay, intensive care unit admission rate, and in-hospital mortality between patients with and patients without blood stream infection are listed in Table 4. Compared with patients without blood stream infection, the in-hospital mortality and intensive care unit admission rates of patients with blood stream infection were higher and their length of hospital stay longer.
If the rate of mutant phenotype reversal is slower than restoration of ribosome synthesis, then Rpl11b should accumulate in the nucleus.
As a comparison point, we also examined an alternative personal saving rate available from the Federal Reserve's Flow of Funds Accounts (FFA).
Thus any inbound mail piece would pay the First-Class rate, or the Priority Mail rate for items weighing more than 13 ounces.
Were the offeror's proposed rates compared with the direct, indirect, overhead, and general and administrative rates recommended by the appropriate contract audit activity?
The Administrator shall by regulation establish annual allowable emission limitations for nitrogen oxides for the types of utility boilers listed below, which limitations shall not exceed the rates listed below: Provided, That the Administrator may set a rate higher than that listed for any type of utility boiler if the Administrator finds that the maximum listed rate for that boiler type cannot be achieved using low NOx burner technology.
Aging is associated with characteristic changes at the physiological and molecular level, however organismal life span is still the best measure of aging rate.
Delirium, a syndrome associated with long hospital stays and high rates of morbidity and mortality [ 10], is a sign of deterioration in the homeostasis and physical status of the patient [ 17].
Its annual growth rate fell from 0.6 percent in 1987-90 to negative 1.4 percent in 1990-93 and further to negative 2.0 percent in 1993-97.
The point estimate of the mortality rate with drotrecogin alfa (activated) for each trial category was less than the combined placebo mortality rate of 31.
Knowledge of the gene organization and sequence of this region is particularly important because chromosomal replication may be regulated by a common mechanism that could directly affect rate of growth.
Chambers charges $150 an hour, compared with the going New York rate of $250 for consultation and $500 for court appearances.
ANOVA revealed that the growth rates of the tumors of both groups that consumed FOC were significantly less than the mean growth rates of both of the groups of mice that consumed either CO diet.
In addition, PCR amplification of IMAGE (and other) clones can be expected to fail at a small rate.
High rates of both false positives and false negatives have been asserted by others [ 18, 19], but this is tempered by presentation of a rationale for why phylogenetic and different parametric methods detect different gene subsets [ 20, 21, 22].
4) The rate of intestinal absorption (PO, defined as the rate of uptake by the portal vein) of a drug can be determined from the experimental venous blood levels after an oral dose.
Advertising mail alone has over 60 different rate categories with rate differentials based on shape and discounts for presorting, barcoding and drop shipping.
Apparently the interaction of the channels affects not only the main-state gating rates, but the substate transition rates that create the open channel noise.
3 This paper refers almost interchangeably to rate(s) and price(s).
For boilers with fabric filters, the size of the silo would be less because of the lower sorbent injection rate.
Identify components of rates ��
One of the factors cited for the decline in personal mail volume is falling long distance telephone rates which have made telephone communication more affordable and fostered substitution of telephone calls for personal mail.
The overall increased rate of amino-acid substitution for genes in the D. willistoni lineage is caused by an increased rate of amino-acid substitution in predicted genes.
According to Southern and colleagues [ 8 ] , the factor that determines the magnitude of oligonucleotide hybridization signals is not the stability of the duplexes that may be formed through hybridization, but rather the rate of forward reaction, which is determined by the rate of hybrid nucleation.
These TG mice showed progressive structural and functional abnormalities in their testes, leading eventually to infertility [ 23 24 25 ] . In our recent paper, we described an altered pattern of germ cell proliferation throughout postnatal life in the ABP-TG mice, resulting in a progressive reduction in total germ cell numbers with increasing age [ 26 ] . However, it was not clear whether the reduction in germ cell numbers was the result of a reduced rate of proliferation, an increased rate of apoptosis, or a combination of the two.
Serious bleeding event rate estimates
But at any rate, I had this, this freedom and, um, the girl had come into my life to, to go and pursue this dream, so, um, I started working at place called D&D Studios, which was known for doing, um, a lot of hip hop music, kind of stuff similar to what I was interested in and I was hoping I'd be able to make some, some connections at least, maybe do a little bit of networking there, and, uh, I met some pretty cool people, did some really kind of really interesting projects, um, but--
Bulk Rate Postage & Fees Paid GAO Permit No.
Every great city needs a first-rate system of higher education-both public and private-anchored by a first- rate public university.
Dierent protein family clocks seem to run at dierent rates.
Is a 75 percent graduation rate for blacks at top colleges proof of the success of race-sensitive admissions or of its failure?
and i've been sort of disappointed how that they they say literacy rate has gone down you know
The hotel price categories below are based on regular-season rates for a standard double room, excluding a 15 percent service charge.
and uh we found that uh we found a real good interest rate you know when they're trying to get rid of those cars at the end of the year like that they really come down on their prices and uh
the name of “Spud Island,” a less grandiloquent alternative to “Cradle of Confederation”), tourism rates as the number two industry.
on a scale of one to ten i i think i would rate myself as a in the six or seven or eight
When the left came out on top in the elections of 1936, the situation deteriorated at an alarming rate.
there are many reasons for it but they they certainly have lower crime rates and lower murder rates
Many of these stores rent boots, outerwear, rain gear, and such at daily or weekly rates.
uh well i'm not sure how it is in Georgia but in in Pittsburgh the rate the crime rate really is not very high at the moment is that is that true for for Atlanta
Hotel rates in Israel are always quoted in US dollars.
you know in the past and i don't have you know big cumulative amounts due to those charge cards because that interest rate just is a killer
Otherwise, high season rates generally apply February through May and late July to the end of September.
a live out nanny um but any rate i don't have any of that um i don't know it's really not too difficult with no children and just two people you know
California rates second only to Hawaii for surfing, though some Australians may argue the point.
um i think i would rate probably a seven
In spite of high unemployment and separatist rumblings, the country’s economic growth rate remained one of the highest in all of western Europe throughout the 1980s.
of everybody just pays a flat rate
Intense competition among the middle-range hotels means that you can often bargain for a lower rate, especially if you plan to stay for more than two nights.
you know very rarely do you receive one that has a real low interest rate they're always more expensive and they uh you know if you stay if you stay with a good one for the while you get a good credit rating and you get a good um a good credit line so you don't like to i don't like to bother with it yeah
By the time of Deng’s death in 1997, Beijing was firmly reshaping itself as an international capital in the Western mode, complete with expressways, skyscrapers, shopping plazas, luxury hotel chains, rock concerts, and state-of-the-art computer technologies — not to mention rising crime rates, soaring pollution levels, increasing unemployment, and income disparities sharp enough to make Mao turn over in his crypt.
uh i heard uh someone uh supposedly an authority saying speaking on TV saying that the interest rate as we have known it in the past will never be the
During the peak season (mid-December to mid-April) rates are higher.
they the rates there are fairly reasonable but uh you know even those places are starting to have you know video games and things for kids to your kids play video games
Eureka Fishing Ltd. operates a large-capacity party fishing boat, with per-person rates (Tel.
where they claim all of these things are coming from they don't have a very high crime rate
Both the fort and chapel, however, threaten to collapse because the surrounding cliffs are eroding at a frightening rate.
yes especially the murder rate its just gone crazy
Rates vary enormously.
you know give you these rates and make this agreement then uh you're you're not covered by that and and the added costs get passed on to you so uh i'm not i'm not sure it my uh
If you should be travelling by train (see page 253) and rate comfort above improvisation, go first class with an Indrail Pass.
right and and they don't have the crime rate that we have here i know my son uh was over in Saudi Arabia but he was over there during the war and he said man somebody over there
Drugs have largely disappeared and crime rates are down, although you still need to beware of pickpockets and shouldn’t leave property unguarded.
uh-huh now the lady said they she wanted us to rate from one to ten as to how we felt on a one being uh
As a basic guide, the symbols below have been used to indicate high-season rates in Hong Kong dollars, based on double occupancy, with bath or shower.
and i really i think it's really something that the uh the government ought to encourage more because uh there are all these complaints about how we're not a saving country and where the average savings rate is something like four percent in this country and fifteen percent in uh Germany and Japan
Scientists are forever seeking new solutions for propping it up, but at its present rate of slippage, you still have at least another 200 years to see it standing more or less upright.
well the garbage rates here are high however as long as you bag it in plastic bags you can put out up to ten or twelve bags of of trash
Everyone expected the double-digit growth rates to continue indefinitely.
my i have a brother who's a vet and for something that he can get you know wholesale and i'm sure they can get a lot cheaper because they they hospitals buy in such a bulk rate um
Most international hotels maintain full-service fitness centers with exercise machines, saunas, indoor swimming pools, and other facilities such as tennis courts, with day rates for non-guests.
uh line of credit at our credit union and uh used that as a when the interest rate dropped below what the cards were as a way of paying it off
Expect holiday and weekend rates to be significantly higher, and be sure to ask for specific quotes for your intended stay.
well it's actually Utah's been lucky we haven't been hit by the recession so housing prices have stayed up the only thing that's helping us is that the mortgage rates are going down but uh it's still moving pretty brisk and
An interesting diversion inland from here is to Rates, where you can add a dash of culture to the days spent on the beach by looking around the beautiful 11th-century Romanesque church.
uh so you're a cheese head huh yeah well we're i mean down here i mean Dallas i mean this crime rate's ridiculous i mean it's just
Through the late 1990s, Shanghai was the world’s boomtown, rebuilding itself and growing at a rate far beyond that of any other major city.
Above a critical ratio of the selective advantage at the peak to the mutation rate, the population remains near the peak.
With interest rate hikes a foregone conclusion, the Dow dropped 2.6% and the Nasdaq slid 3.77% on Friday.
Based on their frequency in the non-selected library, stop codons were expected at a rate of 27%.
for what i'm getting and then if if i think the rate's going to drop then i pay them back in less dollars
Reduced rates are available at many hotels through tour operators that specialize in Israel or through airlines as part of land-package arrangements.
Now an interesting feature of the Td/Tr equation alluded to above is that whatever the exponential rate of expansion of geometry may be per Planck time unit, the exponential rate of decoherence, Td, which grows as the mass times the size scale squared of the geometry, increases, until eventually the exponential rate of formation and exponential rate of decoherence of geometry must balance.
Instead, the Fed should stimulate growth by cutting interest rates, which will work because lower interest rates will induce an increase in investment.
Such a system, however, might not be the most desirable, one downside being that the smallest single-piece mailers could default to a rate that is high enough to cover all destinations.
uh socially our crime rate has increased and although it's more publicized as opposed to what it used to be it seems like
The bowling alley in the lower basement of the China World Hotel has special off-hour rates during the day.
Were our autonomous agent in a dilute solution, the rates of reaction would be very slow.
Only the Libertarian candidate, Murray Sabrin, favored deregulating the system under which insurers must petition a state board to raise rates and are forbidden to earn profits of more than 6 percent a year.
By utilizing a hyper-sensitive response to sympathetic stimulation, coupled with an unchanged or lower heart rate, the iron deficient heart can potentially offset some of the oxygen delivery deficiencies of anemic blood without risking myocardial ischemia.
right but but we certainly get our heart rates up
Multiple seatings start at 5pm; dark Sunday and Monday; around $75 (special rate for children 5–10).
Here too the rate of exploration of novel possibilities must be gradual enough that natural selection can weed out the losers.
The rejection rate for student visas has doubled even as the total number of applications has declined.
The cleavage rate (38.
but it should be a standard and and not left up to either the whim or the current overhead rate that's uh that's running in each department
Shows 7 and 10pm, no late show Sunday–Tuesday; dark Thursday; $38 or less (special rate for children 4–12).
Under PBS, a balanced line is a function of the workers’ rate of speed at each of the steps; the total volume moving through the system; the current incentive rates; and such daily uncertainties as turnover and absenteeism.
The 199-point jump in the Dow Jones industrial average came amid anticipation of a quarter-point raise in short-term interest rates.
In addition, saving can be invested abroad without lowering the global rate of return.
and there's uh there's some different things uh one that you've already mentioned is is health insurance i think through our health insurance that i can get better rates as a through a group plan
Many Lakeland hotels also quote a D, B&B (dinner, bed, and breakfast) rate, which includes the evening meal and is often quite cost-effective.
Moreover, the failure to comply with federal and state employment statutes relating to minimum wages, overtime rates, and child labor, uncovered in periodic enforcement forays, have contributed to the decline of this sector.
You had to have a thesis going in when you started your research, and given that we already knew crime rates were falling, it is hard to believe you weren't looking for a correlation between abortion and falling crime rates.
2B, the rate of the spontaneous inactivation of the inhibitor was significantly increased upon mutation: the functional half life of the mutants Asp355Pro, Arg356Pro and Pro357Gly was 23.
that would be certainly nice shit let's say we we would have fifty percent of them law students at any rate yeah yeah
Given Japan’s relatively low crime rates, you can be sure you’ll be reunited with your precious souvenirs.
This incentive system means that each operator needs to have work-in-process waiting; if there is a machine breakdown or no work waiting, then the operator will be paid at some average earnings rate during the waiting period.
That's a rate of 5,000 people a day, twice the previous year's pace.
He uses the same federal poverty guidelines to determine his hourly rate, which tops out at $87.
uh up my uh you know heart rate and respiration and stuff just to keep it
Rates vary greatly according to season and availability; many hotels offer special weekend packages, business rates, and promotions.
Under PBS, a balanced line is a function of the workers’ rate of speed at each of the steps; the total volume moving through the system; the current incentive rates; and such daily uncertainties as turnover and absenteeism.
The piece attributes the record job-jumping rates to the overheated economy and the ease of finding work online.
Based on the approved recommendations for the USA [ 6 ] , patients receiving drotrecogin alfa (activated) in commercial use would have been expected to receive an infusion rate of 24 μg/kg per hour for a total duration of 96 hours.
Increased rates of product introduction, product proliferation, and shortened product cycles mean that companies have to respond much faster to rapidly changing markets.
right their interest rate's twenty two percent
Strategic parents might spend a large portion of their tax cuts, causing interest rates to rise.
PSE estimates the reduction in population cancer mortality rates due to starting periodic cancer screening at age a instead of age b , where ages a and b lie in the range of ages at initial screening.
More generally, the binding of diusible factors, called “trans acting factors,” to cis sites, can tune graded rates of transcription of the nearby structural gene.
uh if you yeah if you can wanna compare crime rates by divorce and and single parents and everything else i'm sure they'll be at a direct proportion to it
The spot closes with a cameo of Clinton that qualifies it for the political ad rate on TV stations.
Postal Service rates based on the percentage of carrier route volume that would be captured by cream skimmers targeting mail in quartile 1, Table 2.42 The maximum effect is an increase of about 1.2 cents in the First-Class rate (with corresponding increases in the other classes).
Although none of these operations actually involves sewing, they do take time to complete and are taken into account when determining the piece rate and normal workload for an operation.
uh the rate of crime doubled within about about a year or so
USAT predicts that the market would deflate if the Fed hints it might raise interest rates again this year.
A positive saving rate means that American households in aggregate are saving.
In addition, the hexamer molecular components are removed from the system at an adjustable rate that holds their internal concentrations constant whatever the rate of reproduction of hexamer may be.
you know the average is about seventy five percent uh complete school you know twenty five percent dropout rate throughout the country
AT&T and MCI have protested the tax and pledged to pass the cost on to consumers: MCI charges 5 percent on all out of state long-distance calls, and AT&T charges a flat rate.
The same test used to screen a population with low case rates (pregnant clinic patients, 7%)6 does not perform as well.
I will suggest that a biosphere gates its way into the adjacent possible at just that rate at which its inhabitants can just manage to make a living, just poised so that selection sifts out useless variations slightly faster than those variations arise.
you know makes for a habit that has to be supported at a rate that uh can't be supported by uh that person as far as working goes i mean you can't be that much into drugs and still hold down a job capable of paying for that much drugs so
They also have about 40 percent the rate of hip fracture of the West.
While two-hybrid screens efficiently identify fusion proteins that are able to interact, the biological significance of the interaction for native proteins acting in vivo generally requires verification, because the technique is susceptible to a high rate of false positives [ 8 ] . To assess the possible contribution of false-positive protein-protein interactions to the combined interaction dataset, we analyzed the connectivity of each protein and found that a small fraction of proteins had a very high number of interactions (highlighted in red, Fig.
Conversely, suppose the blue species secretes a dierent blue metabolite, at metabolic cost to itself, that increases the replication rate of the red species.
and uh i think that should get your heart rate right up there at the maximum and keep it there
The Wall Street Journal explains that the market is interpreting the anticipated rate hike as the last raise this year and an effective means of keeping inflation at bay without slowing economic growth.
To examine this observation more quantitatively and to assess whether the rates of GAG accumulation were correspondingly heterogeneous, we examined separately the [GAG] accumulation in three 'regions', namely those with 'high', 'medium' and 'low' [GAG] at week 3 (as specified above, under Image processing), which is illustrated for one sample in Fig.
That equilibrium ratio corresponds to the concentrations of substrates versus products, where the net rate of production of products from substrates equals the net rate of production of substrates from products.
okay what what what baud rate do you get well you know it used to be that you get a twelve hundred baud
40 a year (assuming an AOL service rate of $21.
These include initial population size, number ofgenerations, reproduction rate, crossover rate, and mutation rate [ 14 ] .
Put in a different way, increasing the amount of inventory from the company’s uniform level to the optimal level raised the manufacturer’s order-fulfillment rate to more than 97 percent for all SKUs, which raised profits more than it cost the manufacturer in terms of added inventory carrying cost.
and they don't have anywhere near the crime rate that we do of the violent crime rates that we do
The low rate of inflation in the U.S. economy is indeed a surprise: But the puzzle is why wages have not risen more rapidly despite very tight labor markets, not why prices have remained stable given very moderate wage increases.
The rate of fetal death was derived for two-week periods starting at 24 weeks' gestation.
Now an interesting feature of the Td/Tr equation alluded to above is that whatever the exponential rate of expansion of geometry may be per Planck time unit, the exponential rate of decoherence, Td, which grows as the mass times the size scale squared of the geometry, increases, until eventually the exponential rate of formation and exponential rate of decoherence of geometry must balance.
but they don't they have an extremely low rate extremely low especially considering the uh the density of the population and stuff um they have uh they have this this sense of of family that's very important to them and and family honor
We don't know precisely what an optimal rate would be, but the anticipated withdrawal rate among HMOs (plans covering about 7 percent of enrollees) is probably not unreasonable.
As additional genomic data become available, more proteins will be useful and greater precision in these rates and rate differences will be possible.
This means that all molecular constituents of the system are treated mathematically as if they were in a real well-stirred container to which the trimers and photons are added at a constant rate.
well i can't see why people if they shop around you can find uh you know thirteen fourteen percent rates without any problem i can't imagine why anyone would even think about paying nineteen you know because there's
What's missing from the article is context: What's the enrollment rate in the United States, or other comparable countries?
Another perhaps more straightforward estimate of statistical significance and our true positive rate is to use the experimental result (see footnote in [ 6 ] ) that less than 2% of the genome or ~300 genes are patterned during the blastoderm.
In short, cells must remain subcritical and cells in communities must remain subcritical, or else the rate of generation of molecular diversity would overwhelm the capacity of natural selection to winnow out the winners from the losers.
and we ended up i think with like a four and a half percent interest rate on a brand new car and our payments
My husband says that one of the side-effects of this lower crime rate is that police are arresting fewer people because so many criminals are already locked up.
Comparison of the evolutionary rates for proteins in different bins showed that yeast proteins in the bins with the greatest number of interactions, on average, evolved slower than the bulk of the proteins (Fig.
Further, in order for the cycle to operate at a finite rate, hence irreversibly, the autonomous agent must be an open thermodynamic system driven by outside sources of matter or energy = hence “food” = and the continual driving of the system by such “food” holds the system away from equilibrium.
so uh we do have a very low tax rate but you know combined with the federal income tax i think that Americans uh generally do pay in too too much in taxes
But the alarmist headline was a Nixonian trick--Nixonian in the sense of that president's notorious declaration, while prices were soaring in the early 1970s, that "we have slowed the rise in the rate of inflation."
Because a large proportion of street costs are fixed,27 the unit (per piece) street cost initially declines rapidly as volume increases and continues to decline at a decreasing rate.
Now an interesting feature of the Td/Tr equation alluded to above is that whatever the exponential rate of expansion of geometry may be per Planck time unit, the exponential rate of decoherence, Td, which grows as the mass times the size scale squared of the geometry, increases, until eventually the exponential rate of formation and exponential rate of decoherence of geometry must balance.
um the success rate of getting it sorted properly seemed to be poor so
This allows it to raise money at an interest rate that is lower than what a normal private corporation has to pay.
Because OCP ligation/ ERCA does not rely on thermal cycling for amplification, amplification kinetics are not limited by cycling rate.
But if the mutation rate is then gradually increased, at some point the population “melts” o the fitness peak and wanders away across the fitness landscape.
and as far as like the you know with interest rates now as low as they are
The WP front features new federal statistics about teen birth rates (the story runs inside at the NYT ) indicating that for the first time they are down among every racial and ethnic group.
For example, one otherwise very well done study reported on the rates of tonsillectomy under classical homeopathic versus placebo treatment as a main outcome even though the reliability of clinical decisions for obtaining tonsillectomy are extremely poor, thus, making this comparison meaningless.
The operator must first select the work to be done, put aside the tickets that indicate she performed the sewing appropriate for those bundles and should be paid at the specified rate for the job, open the appropriate bundles, and position the pieces to be joined on the sewing table in preparation for sewing.
if they increase at the rate they are now
Crime may be down, but public schools are as lousy as ever, and the unemployment rate is one of the highest in the nation.
Recently, data obtained from genome sequencing projects have made it clear that bacteria exchange genetic information by means of transducing bacteriophages, conjugative plasmids, and natural transformation [ 18 ] at a much higher rate than previously thought [ 19 ] . There seem to be few insurmountable barriers to interspecies gene transfer, with transfers being documented between such diverse organisms as archea and eubacteria [ 20 ] . Synechococcus sp. [ 21 ] and some P. stutzeri strains [ 22 ] are two examples of the many bacterial species known to undergo natural transformation.
Adjusting for inflation and other factors that affect inventory growth, we found that establishments with low levels of technology adoption in 1992 experienced far higher annual growth rates in total inventories and I/S ratios than those with a more complete set of innovative practices.
some people they say Peru can't be traveled to and the crime rate in Brazil makes it not a pleasant place to go and so on and so forth
1 in car-insurance rates, the sleeper issue of the '97 Jersey race--Whitman was late in responding to it, and it's eroded her lead.
These estimated incidence rates are shown in table 2. As a conservative estimate for relative risk calculations, all the rates were pooled (as the unweighted mean of the calculated rates in table 2for men and women), recognizing that this will yield a higher "unexposed" rate than was likely present for the younger and predominantly female populations exposed to the anorexic drugs.
In addition, the hexamer molecular components are removed from the system at an adjustable rate that holds their internal concentrations constant whatever the rate of reproduction of hexamer may be.
and doing it at a less expensive rate then
If we compare these 164 deletions to the retained 7873 entries, we find that the updated 2% attrition rate only trivially raises the earlier 1.5% rate.
In fiscal year 2000, the number of times that GAO's senior executives testified before the Congress and the rate at which our recommendations were implemented exceeded that of most recent years.
If so, the biosphere gates its own rate of entry into the molecular adjacent possible.
it seems like the success ratio the success rate here is not as good as on some of the better lakes there but
It advises Blair to appoint a strong Cabinet, slow economic growth with higher interest rates, and strike boldly on government reform, but worries that the new prime minister is more concerned with symbols than with policy.
The findings provide a counterpoint to reports of crime decline based on comparisons between contemporary rates and those of the late 1980s and early 1990s, when "unusually high levels of violence" prevailed.
Thanks to a declining birth rate and negligible immigration, it faces a steady decline in its working-age population for at least the next several decades while retirees increase.
By contrast, during the presumably hostile Clinton years, business investment has grown at an annual real rate of 10.
Another long-fuse blessing is the low birth rate during the Great Depression.
Another Fed decision on interest rate cuts is coming today.
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates.
Instead, the Fed should stimulate growth by cutting interest rates, which will work because lower interest rates will induce an increase in investment.
Yes, the violent crime arrest rate among adolescents has increased by 65 percent since 1980, but it has risen by 66 percent among adults between 30 and 50.
A citizens' panel approved California's 26 percent raise to the nation's lushest rate of almost $100,000, and in second place, New York's legislature came up with a 38 percent raise to $79,500.
But the WP , NYT and LAT note that Clinton avoided the appearance of trying to dictate interest rate policy to the Fed.
Other studies of Gulf War vets show no higher rates of hospitalization, birth defects, or death than among control groups that did not serve.
It drastically reduces breast cancer rates but increases the chance of blood clots and uterine cancer.
Then in the winter, even at a zero interest rate, there will be more couples seeking opportunities to baby-sit than there are couples going out, which will mean that baby-sitting opportunities will be hard to find, which means that couples seeking to build up reserves for summer fun will be even less willing to use those points in the winter, meaning even fewer opportunities to baby-sit ...
The rate most journalists are talking about is the federal funds rate, which is the interest rate the Federal Reserve raises or lowers in order, in theory, to speed up or slow down the economy by increasing or shrinking the size of the U.S. money supply and indirectly raising or lowering interest rates on things like car and home loans (since banks pass along changes in interest rates to their customers).
He would rather stimulate growth by cutting interest rates.
At this rate, I won't be surprised if they never get close enough to snap a second photo.
At any rate, he never seemed to bother about brows, lids, and lashes, although his attitude was sometimes supercilious.
The presidentially appointed Postal Rate Commission, which adjudicates the Postal Service's applications for rate changes, cast doubt on USPS's figures, claiming that it had "seriously misestimated its need for a rate hike."
Most of this came from an increase in the top income-tax rate.
The warless !Kung San hunter-gatherers of the Kalahari Desert, once romanticized as The Harmless People , were found a few decades ago to have homicide rates between 20 and 80 times as high as industrialized nations.
A basic rate of 10 percent would cover 75 percent of taxpayers.
Later Mundell would broaden this initial insight by proposing the concept of the "impossible trinity"; free capital movement, a fixed exchange rate, and an effective monetary policy.
Power's populist method challenges the more established Consumers Union, which pays experts to rate products.
HMOs are raising their rates, and businesses are trimming health benefits.
This "dependency rate" (or "recipiency rate," for the PC-inclined) was calculated by comparing the number of welfare cases with the number of adults (age 15-49) in the population.
Proposals to improve the rate of return for Gen X and after, through privatization and what not, invariably omit the money current workers will have to supply to current retirees one way or another from their calculations.
(Never mind that the recidivism rate for child molesting is less than half the reported burglary rate and lower than that of many major felonies.)
A gap of another sort is detailed on the USAT front: The death rate for liposuction is 20 times to 60 times higher than the death rate for all operations performed in hospitals, according to a new study.
All below programming subject to pre-emption for the rate announcement and total blitzkrieglike worldwide market fallout.
And the highest rates of infection were among black women--five out of every 1,000.
It now appears that the Fed will raise interest rates at its February meeting, and of late investors have got it in their heads that instead of its typical 25-basis-point (0.
If, for just one brief moment--and contrary to all past evidence--Philadelphians could believe that insurance rates will fall and their neighbors will become insured, that belief alone could cause insurance rates to fall and the neighbors to become insured.
As any semiconscious economics student could tell you, a higher rate would not signal that the loan in question is more deserving than another, but rather, the opposite: that investors are being compensated for extra risk, leaving the marginal lender indifferent among the alternatives.
The hike was widely expected, but Fed officials surprised analysts by hinting that they may raise rates again in October.
There are a few advanced nations that have high rates of church attendance and low rates of violent crime--Ireland, Italy, and Belgium--but they're the exceptions.
The paper says the devaluation eases pressure on Brazil to defend its currency by spending its reserves keeping interest rates high, and that the government describes its move as a way to restore consumer confidence and credibility among investors.
Back in September, when the backwash from Russia's crisis forced Brazil to raise interest rates to almost 50 percent, one Brazilian lamented the situation: "Brazil has never had such a responsible government; the environment for business has never been so good; why is this happening to us?"
The latter was a reasonable position during the 1930s, when the rate on Treasury bills was less than one-tenth of 1 percent; it is an arguable claim right now for Japan, where interest rates are about 1 percent.
Recycling phrases and images from earlier ads, the spot moves at light speed from campaign issue to campaign issue: deficits, education, and drug cuts, abortion, interest rates, and harm to the economy.
Translated into English, what the academics and bureaucrats are saying is that businesses can't hire all the computer specialists they want at prevailing rates.
The Wall Street Journal quotes fresh government research indicating that total U.S. health care expenditures rose but an inflation-adjusted 1.9% in 1996, the slowest growth rate in nearly forty years.
NewView's Specs for Kids program, in contrast, doesn't use a "blocking" strategy at all--instead it reviews and rates sites (147,000 as of this writing), and admits minors only to those pre-approved sites.
The story makes the point that the falling crime rate helps police fight crime: lighter caseloads mean more cops on the street.
With a 50 percent divorce rate in America and 3 out of 10 households run by a single parent (three times as many as two decades ago), Once and Again seems poised to become for joint custody what Thirtysomething was for yuppie angst.
However, there are survey data (that Deborah Daro and I collect) and data on homicide that indicate strongly that it is very unlikely that there is any kind of major increase in the rate of child maltreatment in the country.
John Kasich's corporate-welfare-cutting coalition, takes the standard conservative line that tax subsidies should be addressed separately, and only in context of a tax-cutting bill that reduces rates.
'Paw, the fed funds rate just jumped again.
Since the Telecommunications Act of 1996, the NYT reports, cable rates have climbed overall about 22 percent--more than four times the rate of inflation.
Among the review's claims: Divorce harms kids less than "divorcephobes" claim; divorce rates rose in the '60s because of women's economic independence, not because of selfish '60s values; and the United States, where marriage has always been for love, is naturally more divorce-prone than Europe and Asia are.
It seems that in recent years, on average, three people a month between the ages of 15 and 44 have died there under circumstances that have never been cleared up, a rate that appears, the Post says, to be the highest in the country.
It's a city where politicians court convicts as an important political constituency; where one in 10 residents works for the local government, a proportion that rises steadily as the population hemorrhages; where the mayor once said that the crime rate wasn't so bad if you didn't count murder.
7. "The  Wall Street Journal  said that traders blamed Tuesday's stock-market volatility on 'a change in the composition of the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, shock at the soaring price of gold, rumors that some investment partnerships were madly selling stocks to cover losing bets against gold, end-of-month portfolio changes, anxiety over interest rates and worries about possible market troubles as the year 2000 approaches.'
And the way to do that was to make that primary surplus even larger and defend the value of the currency at all costs--which meant keeping interest rates high.
In addition to reading the inner workings of my heart as it relates to tax rates for married couples, Rob McIntyre ("E-Mail to the Editors," May 7) takes issue with my arithmetic.
Official budget numbers do show total federal revenue growing at an inflation-adjusted rate of 3.1 percent over the period, reasonably close to Abraham's 3.8.
At the same time, the central bank has hiked interest rates continuously to check inflation and allay the fears of Western investors, thus discouraging needed business borrowing.
Not yet, at any rate.
Non-discount long-distance rates rose even faster.
The rate move, the papers note, was the first one to come without a regularly scheduled Fed meeting in more than four years.
To end on an uplifting note: “For an hour the lecture was heavy with the importance of dream state, pulse and heart rate, vaginal tumescence and temperature change, rapid eye movement and the size and frequency of penal erection.”
25 percentage point) increase, the Fed is going to hike rates by 50 basis points.
Factor in the 75 per cent renewal rate, and it can be seen that one must wait till the fourth year's renewal; although revenues from advertising and book sales improve that slightly, they are offset by the fact that we have recently begun paying all contributors
The Reagan program provided numerous inducements: not just marginal rate cuts on income but capital-gains tax reductions, a variety of new tax-exempt investment vehicles, vast new opportunities for tax sheltering--plus the Federal Reserve's tight money policies which, along with financial deregulation, sent the interest rates available to savers soaring.
The Los Angeles Times and USA Today lead with Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan's suggestion in congressional testimony Wednesday that he foresees a cut next week in the fed funds rate, which determines the cost of money throughout the economy.
He writes that Keynes held a "liquidity preference" theory of the interest rate, according to which, in Krugman's version, markets for money and bonds determined the interest rate, with monetary policy playing no visible role.
Conservative satirist Christopher Buckley advises Gore to hire other ineffectual literary celebrities at absurd rates.
Given those uncontrolled movements of capital, Canada could not fix its exchange rate without giving up all control over its own monetary policy.
It is not enough to argue that interest rates are only one of several influences on investment.
The NYT reports that cancer rates for children are on the rise: nowadays a newborn child has a 1 in 600 chance of contracting the disease by age 10.
Incidentally, that's another side-effect of the dropping crime rate: fewer criminals, and therefore fewer cases for criminal lawyers.
The problem is that even these high rates of investment aren't enough to absorb the huge sums that consumers apparently want to save.
yadda ." My own informal tracking, conducted over a period of several weeks, suggests a blah - blah - blah displacement rate of about 50 percent in the thirtysomething-and-under demographic segment.
Among commonly complained-about overcharges: video rentals, legal fees, theme park admissions, and pay phone rates (up to 35 cents from a quarter).
At this rate, lawmakers will end up talking about the end of the day 544 times before the current session ends in Dec. 2000.
You make everyone's life simpler, and you get lower rates by getting rid of loopholes and making the law neutral among different kinds of income; you promote economic efficiency.
The bill would pare personal income tax rates by 10 percent over the next 10 years, reduce the "marriage penalty" and the highest rate on capital gains from 20 percent to 15 percent, and repeal the tax on health insurance and large inheritances.
Pittsburgh is in the same state as Philadelphia, and Wright could have insured his car in Pittsburgh for less than half the Philadelphia price, even though Pittsburgh's theft rate was then more than double Philadelphia's rate.
Although all the papers have, as usual, no problem finding some experts to foresee up trends on rates and some to foresee down ones, their lines on the interest rate future shake out this way: the LAT suggests in its third paragraph further rate reductions of up to a full percentage point; USAT , in its sixth paragraph, quotes an economist saying there's no indication of another Fed move anytime soon; in its sixth paragraph, the Post says the narrow language of the Fed announcement strongly indicates this also.
Banks further accuses me of ignoring black school dropout and incarceration rates.
(It can't act to manipulate interest rates, since rates are already near zero.)
Outlays were down because of lower-than-expected interest rates and a mysterious reduction in the growth of Medicaid spending.
If U.S. cities were abandoned tomorrow, would the survival rate of our public buildings be better or worse?
The Democrats maintain that the Republicans' increase in spending is below the rate of medical inflation (the Republicans respond by pointing to the general rate of inflation).
Trainers measure the rate of buildup of lactic acid in your muscles, then claim that their programs will control it.
The Health Care Financing Administration has refused to renegotiate rates or to allow the HMOs to drop benefits on established contracts.
And a crucial component of that rate of return is the interest rate on the 30-year bond, since you know you can get that without any risk at all.
But the second reason is that they've found that there's a much higher response rate for every bell and whistle they add.
Rates run to $3,000 a year or more for some journals.
Initially Brazil tried to support the value of the real by selling dollars at the official exchange rate; but as its reserves of dollars declined it supplemented this strategy by raising interest rates to punitive levels in order to persuade people to keep their money in Brazil.
The tax cuts are also on the front pages at the NYT and WP . As the LAT explains, Japan's increasingly high savings rate has only exacerbated the Asian economic crisis, by drying up a big export market for the floundering neighboring economies.
Productivity growth remains very strong, at 4.1 percent in the most recent quarter, though the rate of that growth has slowed slightly (very slightly).
Loose ends: (a) While we're on the subject, or at least next door to it—or at any rate, before we leave its vicinity—let this be said for the record: Nowhere in the works of Arthur Conan Doyle does arch-sleuth Sherlock Holmes ever actually say, Elementary, my dear Watson.
It's hard to tell if this is still the Era of Stock Market Good Feeling or if a combination of Y2K concerns, rising interest rates, misreadings of Alan Greenspan, and conventional "October is a bad month for stocks" has brought it to a sudden end.
Findings: the rate of infection among women age 16-21 is 50 percent higher than that of men in the same age bracket.
According to details in the NYT piece, the "donor" of the frozen egg that produced the twins was paid about $46,000, or almost five times the going rate for a full-term surrogate pregnancy.
One article argues for public investment in research, infrastructure, and education, based on the premise that the information revolution, not deficit reduction and low interest rates, undergirds our prosperity.
Last year's growth rate, 4.8 percent, was considerably less than the decade average of 6.7 percent.
A Federal Reserve rate hike on Nov. 16 is now a foregone conclusion, and there may already be a rate hike after that one priced into the market.
In the past two decades, global fertility has dropped by 1.5 children per woman and industrialized nations have fallen below the 2.1 children-per-woman replacement rate.
In fiscal year 1995, the IRS completed 1.9 million audits--an audit rate of 1.67 percent.
Chinese women have only about two-thirds of the amount of circulating estrogen that American women do, which helps account for their far lower rate of breast cancer, says Campbell.
Private schools do not skim off the best students from struggling public schools, and voucher students are not suspended at higher rates.
If this seasonality isn't too pronounced, the co-op could still keep the supply and demand for baby-sitting in balance by charging low interest rates in the winter months, higher rates in the summer.
As Wolff's dreams of undeserved riches fade into a mirage, Burn Rate becomes the journal of a loser.
The growth of the Hispanic population is due to high birth rates and immigration . Hispanic birth rates are significantly higher than average, because of Hispanics' lower median age, higher poverty levels, and enduring cultural values that place a premium on large families.
And the FCC's rate rollback, which happened around the same time, put a real dent into TCI's cash flow.
With the exception of energy prices, in fact, inflation remains about as quiescent as it can be, despite the fact that the economy continues to grow at a better-than-4 percent clip and that the unemployment rate has reached levels no one thought were possible anymore.
At one point, the piece quotes a "Bernadine Dohrn, the director of the Children and Family Justice Center at Northwestern University" as saying that high rates of prosecution of juveniles overwhelm the courts, "and when you do this wholesale, you drive kids into the system who don't belong there, and you don't find the kids who aren't in school and are getting into serious trouble.
The LAT trumpets the just-released 2nd quarter annualized growth rate of 2.2 percent and annualized inflation rate of 1.4 percent (the lowest in 34 years) as together indicating a "calmer" economy.
The Fed's cut in two important interest rates came just two weeks after its previous one, and Wall St. went from ticked about insufficient credit to upticked--330 points to the good on the day.
(If inflation and interest rates are on the way up, that's usually a bad thing for banks.)
A recent outside appraisal of the company placed its market value at somewhere near 105 times what it was in 1984, a growth rate analogous to that of companies like Microsoft and Oracle.
The Fed and the bond market will determine how fast the economy goes by determining interest rates, and the concrete impact of the federal funds rate and of the Fed's printing or not-printing money will far outweigh any psychological effect of the Fed's symbolic gestures.
It was the poorly paid, whose marginal tax rates, thanks to Social Security tax hikes, actually went up.
In 19 th -century Britain, this tough love helped keep the divorce rate near zero even amid the stark status inequality of a modern nation.
Why cut rates?
Then, over the weekend, Washington officials convinced Brazil to raise interest rates.
By establishing a fixed rate of exchange between currencies--or even adopting a common currency--nations can eliminate the uncertainties of fluctuating exchange rates; and a country with a history of irresponsible policies may be able to gain credibility by association.
Indeed, burglary rates are down by almost half.
For example, the "flat tax" that some people propose involves both a reduction of rates and an increase in the income subject to tax because of the elimination of various deductions.
Or at least Jacob Weisberg has in "Positively Fourth-Rate."
This is because the wealthy use loopholes to avoid their nominal rates.
Our rates of saving and investment are staggeringly low, in both historical and contemporaneous contexts.
That's an encouraging rate of growth.
You have confused lower taxes with lower tax rates . Lower tax rates have conflicting effects on the work effort of individuals for the reasons you stated.
He touted the television V-chip; praised the Kennedy-Kassebaum law (an ultra-therapeutic law that guarantees portability of insurance but places no ceiling on the rates insurers can charge); applauded the ban on "assault" rifles; and bragged about the new FDA regulations that curb the advertising and sale of cigarettes to children.
The ensuing volatility of currency-exchange rates, he argues, has made businesses' projections of profits from trade increasingly unreliable, thereby discouraging productive investments and growth.
Newsweek congratulates New York for its remarkable comeback, applauding its falling crime rate, cleanliness, swinging nightlife, and entrepreneurial immigrants.
Both leads note that although a rate cut is a mere possibility, its consideration marks a change in Greenspan's policy: he no longer sees inflation as a far greater threat to the U.S. economy than the global financial crisis.
The nest egg is going to be taxed at a federal rate of about 55 percent, after an initial exemption and then a transition amount taxed at around 40 percent (and all that after paying estate expenses).
Also, a story concludes that East Asia's economies are in excellent shape, despite recent drops in their growth rates.
But after today's 25-basis-point rate hike, the federal funds rate now stands at 5.50 percent, exactly where it was before the chaos of last summer.
Tax rates, Kemp says, should be cut back to Reagan levels.
(In fact, beware of the flattering blurb by Lewis on Burn Rate 's dust jacket.)
But what about Japan--where the economy slumps despite interest rates having fallen almost to zero?
Reducing insurance rates by discouraging frivolous lawsuits is a perfectly sound idea.
So even though the rate hike might stave off consumer inflation, Greenspan is inevitably contributing to stock price inflation.
That interest rate is effectively the risk-free rate of return for any investment you want to make, and as the interest rate on bonds rises, bonds become more attractive and stocks less attractive.
The New Republic 's James Wood admires its "own nervous perfection," and Alfred Kazin, writing in the New York Review of Books , rates it a notch below Bellow's great works.
That means that while the economy can grow faster than 2-point-whatever percent for a while if it starts from a high rate of unemployment (like the 7.5-percent unemployment rate that prevailed in late 1992), in the long run, that growth rate cannot remain higher than the rate that keeps unemployment constant.
5. "Britain's central bank raised its securities repurchase rate by 25 basis points yesterday, essentially taking back a rate cut it had pushed through in June.
Fourth, Besharov and Dembosky take issue with the documented drop of 36 percent in the rate of Child Protective Services investigations by pointing out that the set of uninvestigated cases includes educational neglect and emotional maltreatment.
Add 10 percent to the conviction rate instead and crime will fall even further.
Another 15 percent of Clinton's revenue came from tax increases on business , primarily a rise in the corporate income-tax rate and new limits on the deduction for entertainment expenses.
Obuchi emphasized that Japan is doing all it can to end its recession: lowering interest rates, slashing taxes, and throwing government money into the economy.
The NYT holds off its initial rate forecast until the twenty-third paragraph, a comment that many analysts think further reductions are likely.
We could never get away with paying neighborhood baby sitters (or local unlicensed day-care centers) such ridiculously low rates if their child-care techniques didn't partly involve plopping the kids in front of the TV.
The LAT reports that despite the slowdown in prison growth, mandatory sentencing rules, "three-strikes" laws, and a growing number of parole violators have kept the growth rate from dropping as much as it might have.
1100 hours: Voyage planning; calculating distances and fuel consumption rates to finalize port calls off the northern coast of South America.
For example, the engineers of the battalion exposed to sarin showed no higher illness rates than others.
Tax reform in the 1980s was a grand bargain--it eliminated tax favoritism for some in exchange for lowering tax rates for all.
The Time and Newsweek lists overlap: Woods, Henry Louis Gates Jr., Web entrepreneur Kim Polese, and X-Files creator Chris Carter rate a mention on both.
The teen-age fertility rate has been dropping for several decades--a tribute, no doubt, to contraception--though for most of that time the teen-age out-of-wedlock birth rate was increasing.
Tax rates on ordinary income go up to 39.
Mark Shields ( Capital Gang ) reports: "One lady Republican said to me this week, 'If Ken Starr and Rudy Giuliani switch places, the murder rate in New York City would triple and Bill Clinton would be indicted.
To combat cyberpayments, USPS will soon sell return-mail envelopes with a reduced postage rate of 30 cents to stores, utilities, and credit-card companies.
Also, the WP leaves to the very last paragraph of the story this fact: "Family structure remains a critical predictor of who will live in poverty, with rates among single mothers dramatically higher, at 32.
Louisiana has the highest churchgoing rate in the country, but its murder rate is more than twice the national average.
When he joked in early 1994 that Federal Communications Commission chief commissioner Reed Hundt should be shot for ordering rate reductions, the idea that the dark side of the Force was shaping the digital future was hard to resist.
Names of apples like cleopatra and democrat, of potatoes like bintje, black derwent, and kennebec, carry a Tasmanian stamp (in Australia at any rate), as does the mutton bird (the shearwater, Puffinus tenuirostris )—which has given Tasmanian English the verb mutton bird or in its abbreviated form bird, as well as lexical oddities like dizz (`cook a mutton bird') for those foolhardy enough to contemplate such a feat.
(The LAT front reports that the Los Angeles murder rate has dropped 27 percent from last year, resulting in a 28-year low.)
The raising of interest rates went on for 18 months, was never fully reversed, and actually raised federal spending on interest payments by enough to wipe out a large part of the deficit reductions.
Continuing to reduce poverty at the rate it has been dropping during the past eight years would be a far more plausible aspiration.
Olson criticizes Cameron's findings that gays experience "shockingly high rates of violent death."
The optimistic view: The real was overvalued anyway, so devaluation could lower the 29 percent interest rate.
The show's ridiculous special effects would send Industrial Light & Magic into giggling fits, and much of the acting is barely second rate.
Such humor or whimsy tends, in Johnson's work at any rate, to be of a fairly cynical turn--in keeping both with his general opinionatedness and with his specific feelings of demoralization while compiling the dictionary in the run-up to its publication in 1755.
Now, all--or at any rate, quiz participants all--smirk knowingly at the dark desires implicit in a photo of Santa embracing a comely lad, embellished with the most potent of pederast symbols, baseball paraphernalia.
Second, reducing the rate of HIV transmission is in any event not the only social goal worth pursuing: If it were, we'd outlaw sex entirely.
Interest rates fell, so that new businesses could get loans and families could buy houses again.
His 1993 economic program directly benefited the economy, bringing down interest rates and boosting the stock market to record highs.
But the LAT goes on to say that investors are "much more brave" because among other things, the Fed has cut rates and Congress has funded the IMF and Japan has apparently advanced a good banking plan.
Heritage calculates that a low-income, single, black male born after 1959 would face a rate of return on his investment in Social Security of -.66 percent, compared with a 1.38 percent rate of return for a random low-income male from the general population.
um and offer stuff the kids wanted and what turned out happening this was like area of the country with the highest drop out rate and all this kind of stuff and what ended up happening is people didn't just take fun classes or anything like that uh it ended up that
Water-skiing is somewhat harder to find, but certain hotels do provide motorboats and skis with fixed rates for a 10-minute tour and an additional fee per lesson.
At any rate he would come to Warm Springs and he'd come through Columbus.
Section 441 is the existing Section 407, which includes the emission rate limitations and other
Unfortunately, times and members of the faculty change, but the need for our students to receive scholarship awards will continue at an unprecedented rate.
The rate of generation of molecular novelty must be suciently slow that natural selection can work on heritable variants to pick winners from losers.
The murder rate here is six times higher than the rate in Britain, seven times higher than in France, five times higher than in Australia, and five times higher than in Sweden.
Further, in the fastest growing red-blue colony, where red secretes molecules and blue secretes molecules per second, both the red and blue bacteria in that mixed colony are replicating at the identical optimum rate.
The homicide rate fell 11 percent last year, according to the FBI.
This generally involves modifications to improve the efficiency of the bundle system, using a variety of methods: “engineering” the assembly process to reduce direct labor requirements for each step, changing the incentive rate to encourage workers to increase their pace, or adopting new technologies to substitute for labor-intensive assembly steps.
To remain relevant, labor must take risks and build its membership (current growth rate: less than 2 percent per year).
We broach the adjacent possible by those exaptations that are not, I hold, finitely describable beforehand and do so at a rate that manages to work.
To justify the claim that savings are actually bad for growth (as opposed to the quite different, more reasonable position that they are not as crucial as some would claim), you must convincingly argue that the Fed is impotent--that it cannot, by lowering interest rates, ensure that an increase in desired savings gets translated into higher investment.
Simply increasing inventory for all SKUs would be a poor allocation of investment, further increasing the order-fill rate for those SKUs for which service levels are already high.
Burn Rate, currently all the rage in Silicon Valley and on Wall Street and excerpted in the June Wired to wide acclaim, deserves our attention for its panoramic treatment of the Internet's boom years and its pus-ugly picture of the get-rich psyche.
Into each of the x cells on your square petri plate, place exactly one red and one blue bacterium with the corresponding secretion rates.
Historical impact of the chairman's choice of cuffs on the discount rate.
Roughly, what we fear is that the rate of technological change will overwhelm us.
The Wall Street Journal editorial page lobbies for lower capital gains rates on an almost daily basis and has been doing so for more than two decades.
As the maximum is approached the net rate of entry of new species slows, then halts.
Interest rates have been pushed down almost as far as they can go.
Let’s also assume that the average demand each week has been growing at a rate of about 1 percent, so that the average demand for the next week should be 10*(1.
The WSJ says the economy remains strong, with inflation, interest rates, and unemployment still low.
Regardless of which individual sewing operations are required, the operator must be trained and given practice time to achieve a quality product, at least at the standard production rates.
], and Caltech's acceptance rate fell from 23 percent to 18 percent.)
Bacteria, which are metabolically far more complex that viruses, are even more conservative than viruses; their mutation rate is well below the error catastrophe.
If so, it will have a chance to proceed with economic reforms that could secure India a still higher growth rate."
Tuning the mutation rate compared to the selection advantage of the fitness peak compared to nearby values on the fitness landscape tunes this error catastrophe.
But the reader can't tell if this is enough of an explanation, because the story doesn't say what the overall mortality rate is for all in-office procedures.
The data suggest that when a manufacturer chooses the same inventory policy for all products, its order-fulfillment rate for highly variable products is usually worse than for low variation products.
But there are also two other reasons, which have to do with that other interest rate, the one on the 30-year bond.
Thus, it appears that the biosphere and the econosphere have endogenous mechanisms that gate the exploration of the adjacent possible such that, on average, such explorations do successfully find new ways of making a living, new natural and business games, at a rate that can be selected by natural selection, or its economic analogue of success or failure, at a rate that is sustainable.
It is widely agreed that the Fed will raise interest rates when they meet in February.
As discussed in chapter , using a rough mapping of biology to economics, that rate of replication of a bacterium corresponds to economic utility and the increased the rate of replication corresponds to increased economic utility.
In Hungary, Chile, South Korea, Russia, and elsewhere, abortion rates have dropped sharply with the increased availability of birth control.
At each step uphill, the fraction of directions uphill is cut in half, yielding exponential slowing in the rate of finding fitter variants, hence, rather general laws about the rate of improvement slowing exponentially that we will discuss in the next chapter on “learning curves” in economics.
By establishing a fixed rate of exchange between currencies--or even adopting a common currency--nations can eliminate the uncertainties of fluctuating exchange rates; and a country with a history of irresponsible policies may be able to gain credibility by association.
Such a policy rarely maximizes profits; the manufacturer stocks out, thereby losing the margin on the sale, and the retailer, which typically desires a consistent (or at least predictable) order-fill rate across items in a product group, is unhappy.
Because state-supported Irish in the Republic of Ireland has a much more temperamental success rate.
We have developed a software package that solves this problem by using computer simulations of the weekly demand and production that determine the consequences of different quick-line capacity ratios and production scheduling policies for the manufacturer’s inventory and service levels (order-fulfillment rate) to the retailer.
The papers note that the main thrust of the AIDS results is that while the new treatment drugs are making a huge dent in the death rate, the infection rate continues apace--at a rate of about 40,000 new HIV cases a year.
We ourselves, in our biosphere, econosphere, and technosphere, gate our rate of discovery.
Sure, finding the lowest rates/fares is more of a hassle now than it once was, and the service may or may not be better, but to me, this is easily worth putting up with to get the cost saving.
And is there an optimal “exchange rate” of blue-secreted metabolite to red-secreted metabolite, where that exchange rate is the analogue of price?
It is not known why bacteria and higher cells have a mutation rate so far below the error catastrophe.
And from 1987 to 1995, the death rate for black mothers in childbirth jumped 48 percent, compared with an overall rate of 7.6 percent.
That equilibrium ratio corresponds to the concentrations of substrates versus products, where the net rate of production of products from substrates equals the net rate of production of substrates from products.
The cover piece rates Al Gore as he prepares his 2000 presidential campaign.
And the rate of textile productivity over this period far outpaced that for the manufacturing sector as a whole.
Since many credit-card balances, home-equity loans, small business bank loans, and some personal loans are tied directly to the prime rate, millions of consumers will see their monthy payments swell soon.
All other spending as well as federal revenue are assumed to grow at essentially the same rate as the economy.
are you uh and that my walking was a fast walk uh to get the heart rate up to an aerobic level
(The fiery Philippics, speeches on the subject by master orator Demosthenes, rate among the finest of their kind.)
Both unions also sought to standardize wages by setting piece rates for assembly work.
And if official productivity statistics understate the real rate of progress by 1 percent, official price statistics also overstate inflation by exactly the same amount.
Seep vestimentiferans are usually thinner, have slower growth rates, and have greater longevity than their vent relatives [10].
yeah me neither well actually they're going to here because they didn't have a budget for so long so they raised the tax rate real high for the last three months of this year and they're gonna lower it for next year
Several special rail cards include reduced rates for car rentals and even bicycle rentals.
Suppose the red species secretes a red metabolite, at metabolic cost to itself, that aids the replication rate of the blue species.
“The University of Texas has been concerned about the attrition rate among undergraduates.
For the non-linear case, the intuitive idea that FPM is equal to the fraction of the absorbed drug that is metabolized in its first pass through the liver is no longer valid [ 2 ] . Consider the case where GI absorption is occurring at a time when the systemic drug concentration is so high that the liver metabolism is completely saturated and the metabolic rate is constant, independent of concentration.
kids learn at different rates and for too long they've kind of lumped everybody together you'd learn at this rate and that's the only way it's going to happen
The stalactites grow at a rate of 1 cm (about a half inch) every 100 years, so it is easy to begin to estimate the age of the largest structures.
19 Although the magnitude of these differences varies as exchange rates fluctuate, under any realistic exchange-rate scenario, the labor cost differential is sufficiently high to put U.S. manufacturers at a very significant competitive disadvantage.
But after sorting all this out, Ayres and Levitt found that the Lojack has an astoundingly large effect on auto-theft rates.
This creates difficulty interpreting the rate of statin use observed for the moderate-risk group.
interest rate on the thing it just has to be awful because it
Rates vary greatly according to season and availability; many hotels offer special weekend packages, business rates, and promotions.
With different skill levels required for different operations, it is not surprising that piece rates vary with the difficulty of the operation.
Plus, interest rates will probably be cut by year's end.
The termination rate of 13.
it the it the rate was either down or up depending on what i was doing and it it was great i mean i i could
What controls heartbeats in Hong Kong are the fluctuations of the Hang Seng Index, foreign currency exchange rates, and skyrocketing property prices.
Assume that the retailer wishes to provide a 95 percent order-fulfillment rate for this SKU, that the retailer checks inventory once per week, and that the manufacturer’s lead time to deliver replenishment units is overnight.
About a month ago, the NYT ran a front-page story revealing that crash tests show sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks are inflicting very high levels of harm to cars and their occupants in collisions, and today the Times brings word that in response, some big insurance companies are raising their liability rates on the oversize vehicles.
In their now classical investigations of the within-host dynamics of antibiotic treatment, they followed the course of penicillin treatment of Treponema pallidum and Group A and Group B Streptococcus [ 26 27 28 ] . Eagle [ 28 ] postulated that the most likely reason for the declining efficacy of treatment with the term of the infection was due to (i) a decline in the rate of metabolism and replication of bacteria during the infection, and (ii) that slowly growing or non-growing bacteria are more refractory to penicillin than those that replicating at higher rates.
um the top headlines are always a murder you know and that's because there's a high crime rate yeah
Puerto Vallarta’s mix of small-town charm and sophisticated services seems to captivate its visitors — it has the highest rate of return visitors of any beach resort in Mexico.
It is a further plausible hypothesis that the rate of exploration of the adjacent possible endogenously converges to the rate that is maximally sustainable.
The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times is one that led the NYT yesterday: the Surgeon General's report regarding the surprising prevalence of mental disorders in the U.S. and the alarmingly low rate of treatment.
For example, in one study 20:1 fatty acid was found to constitute only 0.2% of the fatty acid present in Arabidopsis roots and was below the detection threshold in shoots [ 59 ] . Therefore, the rate of decrease in 20:1 fatty acid levels reflects the rate of decrease in seed storage lipid levels.
where if they can't get there regular uh sitter or a child care service to take there kids if they reserve slots with these other um companies um very expensive rates but they can drop their kid off uh at uh one of these places for
The rates are about the same as in mainland Spanish resorts, and sometimes cheaper.
This latest result, if it holds true, contravenes the accepted view of the past several decades that the rate of expansion of the universe has been gradually slowing since the big bang.
These equalities are maintained by variations of the exchange rate, interest rates, inflation rates, and real incomes.
Pairwise comparisons that do not pass the K a /K s test could result from misannotated exons or an insufficient amount of divergence to resolve differential rates of amino acid and silent site evolution.
yeah well i live outside of Dallas and it's kind of in a little suburb so i feel pretty safe out here but i know the murder rate is going up every year
The infection rate there is now one new person per minute.
Further, assume that virions with wild-type phenotype infect cells at a rate γ 
All of this suggests the hypothesis that a biosphere expands into the adjacent possible, as a secular trend, about as fast as it can get away with such exploration, subject to the requirement that selection must on average be strong enough and fast enough to slightly more than oset the rate of exploration of novelty.
uh the rate of of graduating students went way way up and they ended up taking real courses but it was because they wanted to and because they chose to instead of were being forced to and
5) Well, at any rate, it could have been a lot meaner.
Moreover, the rates of decline in the amount of radiolabeled TCA associated with the cells after withdrawal of the radiolabeled bile acids from the culture medium was comparable among the different clones (Figure 9C), indicating that the rate of bile acid efflux from these cells was also not affected by the presence of HBAB.
And is there an optimal “exchange rate” of blue-secreted metabolite to red-secreted metabolite, where that exchange rate is the analogue of price?
how well how are the laws in Pennsylvania uh as as regard well not the laws but the rates
And concomitantly (nobody knows if there's a causal connection too), sexual activity rates among teen-agers have started to drop.
They believe that energy use, in the form of metabolic rate, can be understood from the first principles of physics, and that metabolic rate can explain growth, development, population dynamics, molecular evolution, the flux of chemicals through the environment, and patterns of species diversity—to name a few.
These U.S. firms do so through electronic data interchange (EDI), automated distribution centers, and sophisticated inventory management—a triumph of information technology, speed, and flexibility over low labor rates.
pretty much forever well they've just decided now when our county where i am is looking at upping the tax rate to eight percent to try and close a deficit uh that they've found in the county budget here and uh
Perhaps, as he says, charity will even raise money for patients who can't pay the going rate.
Two parameters that describe the growth conditions (such as substrate and oxygen uptake rates) were defined as the two axes of the two dimensional space.
If the mutation rate is slightly higher, the population diuses into the high-dimensional hinterlands, lost adrift in sequence space.
set up subscriptions for all these magazines because he could get them at the student cheap rate that we had
3. Hispanics appear on prime-time TV at about one-quarter their rate in the population, 2.6 percent vs. 10.
The time required for the effluent-receiving-water mixture to travel to sampling points away from the effluent, and the rate and degree of mixing, may be difficult to ascertain.
The hypothesis that the universe is exactly poised between persistent expansion and eventual collapse has held that the rate of expansion of the universe will gradually slow, but never stop.
well how would you rate it
"Can we reconcile the seemingly contradictory notions of cutting tax rates and balancing the budget?"
-After January 1, 2000, it shall be unlawful for any existing oil and gas-fired utility unit the lesser of whose actual or allowable 1985 sulfur dioxide emission rate is equal to, or greater than, 0.60 lbs/mmBtu, but less than 1.20 lbs/mmBtu to exceed an annual sulfur dioxide tonnage limitation equal to the product of the unit's baseline multiplied by (A) the lesser of the unit's allowable 1985 emissions rate or its actual 1985 emissions rate and (B) a numerical factor of 120 percent divided by 2,000, unless the owner or operator of such unit holds allowances to emit not less than the unit's total annual emissions or, for a year after 2007, unless the owner or operator of the source that includes such unit holds allowances to emit not less than the total annual emissions of all affected units at the source.
Look at the rate of emergence of bacteria resistant to our antibiotics and the myriad unexpected ways such resistance arises at the molecular level.
the crime rate in the country increased when they had let loose some uh early parolees
The finding: "[M]inorities were less likely to receive information about loan products, received less time and information from loan officers and were quoted higher interest rates ..."
Intrinsic PCR error rate in these conditions was estimated in pilot experiments and was found to be not higher than 1 mutation per 2,500 bp of sequence.
First, the previous case study suggests that SKUs with large demand variance (high Cvs) will require larger amounts of inventory than low variance SKUs to provide a high order-fulfillment rate to the retailer.
well it is i know that i i heard another conversation regarding AIDS the fact that that you know cancer is not receiving this and yet is is cancer growing at such a rapid rate
Dan Quayle, too, is dissatisfied with 10 percent off: He would slash rates 30 percent.
Rates of splenic rupture in naturally occurring infection ranged from 0% (0 rupture/5870 total cases of infection) to 2% (1 rupture/51 total cases of infection) [ 17, 18, 19].
But let the mutation rate be increased.
and uh uh people uh i don't think are paying as close attention to it in this area as they frankly should i i we we seem to have a high uh cancer rate up here in Maryland
And with a rate of inflation of 2 percent or so, a capital-gains tax of 20 percent has an average impact on assets of about, well, 20 percent.
There was no evidence of a Marin County deficit in later-stage cancers, mortality rates remained stable despite distinct mortality declines observed in comparison regions, and disparate age-specific incidence trends were observed within the larger age group (aged 40+ years) targeted by screening programs [ 6 ] . In addition, mammography utilization data do not suggest substantially elevated rates of screening among Marin County women.
Acceleration is independently definable by the metric concepts of distance, motion, time, the rate of change of position with time = velocity, and the rate change of velocity with time = acceleration.
Massachusetts is broke right now and a lot of the towns are declaring bankruptcy and they had to cut twenty guys from their forces and the crime wave rate went up almost instantly because it was so well publicized that everybody in the area knew that town wouldn't be patrolled as well
The LAT trumpets the just-released 2nd quarter annualized growth rate of 2.2 percent and annualized inflation rate of 1.4 percent (the lowest in 34 years) as together indicating a "calmer" economy.
A low personal saving rate raises questions about whether Americans have adequate resources to withstand a financial emergency such as unemployment in the event of an economic downturn.
That is, it could set a target stock level of two weeks of finished goods inventory and be able to provide a very high customer service level (defined here as order-fulfillment rate) to retailers.
at their lower rate and i don't see what the school district would have to lose by letting us pay for ourselves but
In other words, insurance rates are driven by self-fulfilling prophecies.
The other studies also failed to prove any reduction of CRI rates by scheduled replacement [ 18 19 ] . While catheter tip colonization and CRI may increase with CVC duration controversy still exists regarding scheduled changes.
Acceleration is independently definable by the metric concepts of distance, motion, time, the rate of change of position with time = velocity, and the rate change of velocity with time = acceleration.
in the interest rate to make a different i mean to uh i mean i guess our savings account is probably a lot more liquid than CDs or or um
Last summer and fall, when it sometimes felt as if the global economy were on the verge of a massive nervous breakdown, the Federal Reserve cut interest rates three consecutive times--including one between-meetings rate cut--to ensure that suddenly panicky lenders didn't strangle access to credit.
For this analysis, we disaggregated benefits based on the state of origin of visitors, reflecting the notion that many of the recreational sites with the highest visitation rates are valued by individuals throughout the country, not only by those individuals who live closest to the site.
In 1938, the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) for industry generally specified minimum wage rates, overtime after forty hours of work per week, and a prohibition of child labor.
that people come down on you it's like you know hey everybody has to be free to do their own thing and i disagree and i think that's really contributing to this high rate of crime
I arranged them carefully, watered them dutifully, and checked their progress constantly, recording their growth rates and bloom times.
Although success rates as high as 90% have been claimed by others for placing post-pyloric feeding tubes at the bedside [ 30 31 32 ] , most studies report a success rate of 15-30% [ 33 34 35 36 ] . Success with bedside placement of small bowel feeding tubes is influenced by the technique and degree of expertise of the clinician.
(Note that there is a 95 percent chance that demand will be less than seventeen units next week—thus, if our buyer decides to stock seventeen units at the beginning of the week, the store should be able to offer a 95 percent order fulfillment rate on this SKU.)
at any rate um the topic is fascinating because one of the things i've done for the past few years is um
TCI , the country's biggest cable-TV company, plans to raise its rates by 7 percent . This comes after TCI recently hiked its rates by 13 percent.
The dependent variables for the analyses of quality of clinical care were excess death rates from all causes and from 4 specific medical conditions that have relatively high death rates: acute myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, pneumonia and stroke.
As discussed in chapter , using a rough mapping of biology to economics, that rate of replication of a bacterium corresponds to economic utility and the increased the rate of replication corresponds to increased economic utility.
i don't understand i guess why the schools don't seem to have such a high dropout rate in the big cities
The papers explain that recession anxiety may actually have helped ward one off: fiscal turmoil in Asia resulted in low long-term interest rates and commodity prices, which in turn have kept business brisk and spending high.
Aeration is accomplished by bubbling air through a pipet at the rate of 100 bubbles/min.
Or is there a self-regulating mechanism that gates our rate of entry into the technological adjacent possible?
at this rate
Despite considerable public education efforts targeting them, young people and intravenous drug users continue to contract HIV at high rates.
7%) and adenocarcinoma (AC; 100%) exhibited an overall high rate of promoter methylation, we found statistically significant differences in various genes in these two histologic subsets (Table 2).
If a new sewing table or a new sewing machine with programmable features is added at a particular workstation—that is, any device that reduces the time it takes to complete various tasks—then the allowable time and wage rate for that operation must be changed.
and i'm not paying the high interest rates
In the short run, he asserted, interest rates were determined not by the balance between savings and investment at full employment but by "liquidity preference"--the public's desire to hold cash unless offered a sufficient incentive to invest in less safe and convenient assets.
By 1993, 91 women developed breast cancer [ 2 ] . The age adjusted rate ratios for breast cancer from the lowest to the highest quartile of BMD were 1.0, 1.3, 1.3 and 1.5 respectively.
The point I am making is that it seems reasonable that endogenous processes in local communities gate the rate of exploration of the molecular adjacent possible, keeping it slow enough that natural selection can persistently pick current winners from losers.
much more exorbitant rates than the uh than the volunteer you know you pay to have your magazines recycled that kind of thing
In fact, there are more innocent--and more plausible--explanations for the changes in audit rates.
This Ricardian equivalence hypothesis holds that people are forward-looking and recognize that current government surpluses or deficits affect government debt and future tax rates.
Thus, the bounding of mutation rates and community diversity suggests that cells and communities avoid being supracritical, which in turn bounds and gates the entry into the adjacent possible by any local community.
i think the largest and they do a lot of the government contractors they have an excellent excellent rate um
where the homicide rates are far far lower than the United States i don't see how it possibly
well we have we have a very high crime rate here in Houston
i run around the track uh you know uh maybe like it's a tenth of a mile all the way around so i just run real slow you know maybe do a couple of laps just enough to get my heart rate going
in fact my fiance works in Miami uh downtown quite a bit so crime's a definite concern also before this i was in Boston where the crime rate's also fairly high
uh pretty substantially because the the unemployment rate is pretty high
uh we would go ahead and buy uh uh if he could get this rate i promised to buy and i left there on a Saturday afternoon just totally exhausted i i was only twenty five years old or something and i i left there and i
it's it is that like you said the divorce rate is getting so high
uh having murders at a rate greater than one a day
why can't they allow their substitutes to buy into it to pay ourselves just to get the lower rate that a group would have and they won't let us
we have a pretty low income tax i mean pretty low tax rate here oh i think that the sales tax they just got to do something about it
you know but you'll come being being twenty seven you don't really have to worry about your heart rate and that yet but as you get older you will
but uh this this this state was like uh second my wife's a registered nurse and i think this state was like second this year from the top in terms of uh cancer rate
the interest rates just went down i don't know i would imagine that's going to encourage more people to uh to look to buy a house
yeah i'm not even sure what their interest rate is since i pay it off but you know
well well what would be the unemployment rate out there
so it's it's nice from that standpoint from that angle but it can get out of hand in the interest rate on them is is quite high generally there are some that are lower you know you can get some that are
you know they they charge you you know it's like a flat rate i think for picking up your garbage
that i just loved and this guy gave me this deal you know i told how much i wanted to pay and for every fifty dollars he'd have to go in and check with the boss and then i'd have to sign something saying that if he could get this rate
but also the rates of other crimes are lower
you you know interest rate
because they've gone out to work and they're um uh well the families of shrinking the divorce rate is up um they're
we're going but at any rate um had do you have such a program uh where you work
oh that's flat rate sir you know that they look it up in the book and if it takes an hour to do something why and they can get it done in thirty minutes why they charge you an hour
i guess if i had to rate it from one to ten i guess i would rate it a five in the aspect that i wouldn't want everybody to have guns
yeah i i've heard though that the ones who are offering the lower rates uh do have tougher credit checks and than the ones with the higher rates have
jeez you can't get any interest rates
whether wherever you have the dropout rate and crime and you know general poverty kind of conditions
and then he plants about a quarter of an acre of sweet corn for me to use so i get out of that amount of work at any rate
you know each child has to learn at his own rate they can't keep force feeding things to each other and
i was also trying to think of whether our tax rates are high compared to other countries i seem to recall that uh many many other countries have higher tax rates than ours
even at a group rate i couldn't believe how much is our
uh i see i'd like to do a vegetable garden but i don't have the yard size for it i'm in a zero lot line home but uh we're thinking of moving this year the interest rates are getting so low we can't afford not to
uh at any rate um
they still had a a better success rate simply because they started with a lot better raw material i mean everybody that went to a Catholic school had uh
so how does that rate you in the uh the scale that they've given us
like where i live at any rate
i think the rate of processing is just about uh reached the rate of housing anyway so keep the keep the normal as it is can't upset the system very much
uh-huh the murder rate really seems to be up in Fort Worth and Dallas well especially Dallas last year in Fort Worth this year
right and so he says you really don't have that he could see the crime rate was very low over there because people knew the consequences
um-hum yeah that that seems to make sense that leave it up to the more experienced person who knows how it fits into the uh kind of the rate for different incidents
at a lower interest rate becomes the thing to do
oh well see i agree with you uh it seems like the the crime rate has gone up even more um here this year they're talking about uh there're more murders in Dallas um almost uh since last year and
well um and i notice that the crime rate was up in the Dallas area it's
no and when you're not responsible and that's really what it comes down to because you know it a government uh agency really doesn't care about what the postage rate is
you would have you would have like here in Atlanta area our crime rate is just astronomical yet you go out on the streets and they're giving speeding tickets
but the people who who can't afford it uh they really get caught up in in the minimum payment and the interest rate it it's sort of like the federal government
uh which which i kind of disagree uh with i'd rather them going back to being a little bit more credit conscious and and lower the rates
and they don't have anywhere near the crime rate that we do of the violent crime rates that we do
i was just wondering how you get your heart rate up or does pumping iron do that
yeah i know down here the school's are you know i don't know they rate i moved to Arkansas and Texas after living in Ohio and the schools down here rate you know bottom ten percent across the country and
it's not really the kind of exercise that gets your heart rate going and and uh
uh well a lot of it is drug related but i i think that there is just an excessive homicide rate and an excessive amount of arms bearing uh you know personal arms bearing
you can call your in you know your your card wherever you got your card from and tell them hey either drop my rates or drop my you know uh annual fees or i'll just go to somewhere else
yeah i guess that percentage rates are like eighteen percent
oh my uh-huh it is interesting to look at other cultures other countries and see how different their rates are you know you look at even um
i don't know it's a hard question you look at the United States we have the largest murder rate of any developed uh or uh
the same a rate that's equal to what they were doing i mean if somebody only made ten thousand dollars a year and it was a ten percent tax
stops all them interest rates and interest rates aren't
which is amazing for any governmental financed program i wish the post office just stop raising our rates um
i don't know if that can rate camping but you know it sure beats driving a thousand miles to
yeah the interest is so low i mean it it's nice for people buying homes but for older people who have money in CDs or whatever it must be awfully hard to see rates go down to three and a half percent or whatever
uh social program but you don't hear what the cost is same in Europe in Britain and other nations much higher tax rates
no because you i i don't think the Mideast has the educational background i i i don't think they're later they're rate of literacy is so low that they're still they still have a trouble mentality
i was also trying to think of whether our tax rates are high compared to other countries i seem to recall that uh many many other countries have higher tax rates than ours
as i uh went along when i started uh at first i had to uh i didn't have to use my arms all that much to uh you know get the heart rate up but then after about uh
well it's uh the interest rates are still crazy up there you know i i i mean they've come down every except the credit cards
yeah they're hospitals that they're uh agreeing with uh TI that they'll be a certain rate you know for rooms and care and all that kind of stuff to keep costs you know costs down
it's what runs that interest rate up you know pretty high yeah
at this rate and yours is at you know eighteen or nineteen percent
yeah well i think it's going to be a lot easier now i just heard that they lowered the prime lending rate
well as a person living in one of the areas that's got both the uh one of the most restrictive set of laws and one of the uh highest murder rates in the uh country
yeah but if you think about it now with what what what interest rates are doing i mean they are so low and yet the majority of the credit card companies still have
you know do repeat offenses and the crime rate's the worst than ever before
heart rate up for a while
yeah well the the dropout rate is so high in Dallas and Fort Worth uh yes it is i i think it's thirty eight percent
uh basically at the same time they jack the garbage rates way up and and made it so you had to have city provided garbage cans that were of uniform size
um actually married in Pittsburgh and that's that's not what they want to hear on this call uh at any rate we came back here with my husband was transferred around uh up to Minnesota and now back to Texas with T i
that they would fall in love well they fell into like at any rate and
um increased tax rates and yet not much to show for it
at any rate we've really enjoyed camping vacations i think that that's probably the thing that we've uh done most each year probably four to seven times a year we'll take short short little vacations maybe three days maybe four days
like you're saying the majority i believe would be responsible with with the weapon and Lord knows with the crime rate the way it is
so i don't i don't see the very high crime rate
that's right that's that's right you're paying you're paying a higher interest rate so they can rebate you two percent of it
it's bigger than Kenosha by a little bit and their crime rate's crime rate's a lot worse than ours
uh rates
at any rate uh
well look first of all you look to the fed to fight the recession as indeed it has with interest rates
yeah i'll only get the newspaper a couple of days a week but uh i get a lot of calls from uh the Morning News and the Times Herald where they want to sell me the paper at a special rate but uh no i'll only read it on on Fridays and Sundays typically
there are many reasons for it but they they certainly have lower crime rates and lower murder rates
that's true and and how do you rate the uh how are you pleased with the news coverage that you're receiving
we did break down and put a CD player in it that's not quite authentic but at any rate that that was one thing that i one of the features that i did want
okay um i think although there have been some i'm still of the opinion that we're second rate citizens in most areas
and that worked out pretty well i went from a you know a second rate institution to a higher rate institution
and i i think our thing right now is the way the interest rates are and uh
that then really doesn't penalize wind up penalizing the person that they went after who it really penalizes is their insurance company which then translates into higher rates for all of us
i'm sure that we can say it helped the uh enemy rate of Kuwait um and uh sure it shook a people a few people up in Iraq but
working in a financial institution i just i'm really rate conscious i guess and can't see paying you know hardly or near that much twenty one percent gets pretty crazy
yeah and it just i don't i don't really go for them and i in fact i had my own before we got married and ended up cutting them up just for the fact that TI had lower rates
well i mean the same thing went everyone everyone uses England as an example saying oh well you know there there's no one has guns in England and look at the crime rate there it's so much lower
yeah yeah they couldn't cover my hourly rate
i guess if i had to rate it from one to ten i guess i would rate it a five in the aspect that i wouldn't want everybody to have guns
uh at at any rate i guess my idea is that that
you know their their income is less and yet they're being taxed at the same rate and therefore it hurts their spending power but you know i've heard different ideas to where they will make it so that uh you know depending on your income that it'll be maybe a different level of tax but
improvement in uh income and uh investments and so forth has not uh come at the rate i've expected so we're still kind of hurting by the uh high mortgage payments and we haven't gotten out from under them yet
well i you know my thought is if your mind goes at the same rate your body goes then nobody cares right you know it's like animals when they're stupid what the hell do they know i think if one goes before the other is when you run into trouble
uh at any rate do you have color preferences or what would be the features that you'd be looking for
that's right or or less the break is considerable between the the interest rates and the cut between say eleven percent mortgage down to no more than nine percent mortgage that's not enough you've got to get down to eight maybe even seven and a half
if they have a return envelope with it i write across the face of it no thank you your rates are too high and i mail it back to them
credit card rates in Pennsylvania for example down here when you go to a gas station
um because the the dropout rate is
the man we were all upon the topic of adoption which may be in our future um if we're real lucky at any rate he was saying how he was glad that his two children one biological one natural um this had to do with the adopted the adopted one which
yeah i i've heard though that the ones who are offering the lower rates uh do have tougher credit checks and than the ones with the higher rates have
since we don't pay the interest it doesn't really matter what the interest rate
i mean for your state what is do you know what your state income tax rate is
uh which has an exceedingly low crime rate and then we were transferred back here and when you're gone from some place like it for about six years as we were you really begin to see uh just how problematic
but uh you know you find it's uh that the uh the interest rates vary so much on those that uh
sure well if you keep up a a consistent pace just to keep the heart rate going uh
it does not make sense for me to do that and if you won't drop my rates i'll just go ahead and send you back your card and i'll go somewhere else and get it
uh i i i forget the figures on the interest rate but it's something like uh hundreds of thousands of dollars a second
like i said i'm looking forward to maybe buying a house while the interest rate's still cheap and fixing it up
and that's not you know i don't think that's right but on the other hand there's a lot of advantages to it i think crime rates deterred a little bit by using it
if a company has a healthy work force their insurance rates are low and not only are not only they low there's all sorts of a of a benefits
i think it's Corpus Corpus Christi that had the highest rates per hand gun death in America
if you build computer systems like well you know what does that computer program really do you know or if especially if you write like papers you know or do design studies or something it's real hard to rate something like that
and i think they're a lot over rate and their's no styling to them that you can't tell one Japanese car from the other they all look alike you know i don't mean that as a joke i mean they really all look alike and the adds i don't have any idea what which car it is
and have paid off their you know higher interest rate uh cards and just sent them back you know
but but it's the uh it's the nature and and my feeling if you go back to England uh England is one of those places where they have relatively low rates
so we have quite a crime rate too but i'm not real sure what to do recently it's been kind of a topic at work and
determines uh the percentage rate that they have to repay but it is not surely
and that also uh that gets my heart rate going too and then i i don't pump iron until maybe like halfway through and then i sit down and start doing the the free weights
at such a rate of speed the engine the engine will actually drop
so at at any rate this is getting off the topic but it my my point was that there is for people who don't want to do the military service there
no it's really it's it's an aerobic routine you you warm up and then you have thirty minutes of aerobic activity starting you know slowly and then working up to uh you know a high heart rate and then you gradually go down again
is the crime rate still bad
i think we i really think we pay it in a lot of other ways it's funny to me too that uh why the government taxes has a tighter higher tax rate for a single person
it would be interesting to see what that'd do to our insurance rates
uh how how's the crime rate up there
there was a thing in our we have a little Lewisville paper that just comes out twice a week and there was a thing in there just this week saying that in all of Denton County Lewisville had the highest crime rate of all of Denton it
do you think that that has as much to do with the rising crime rate as uh the uh beginning of the of the gangs and things
i'm from Texas too but i i'm think my the two counties that i pay taxes in are two of the highest tax rate counties there are anywhere around here
so i i i'm not so sure myself that uh that cutting interest rates is going to do it or cutting taxes either i just think we've gotten ourselves so
what's the word i'm trying to think of the interest charges and stuff if they have an IRA they get special rates on it and stuff
now i with the thing that probably helps me most doing that is really you know uh not so much discipline i mean well i mean you have sort of a discipline in general about finances but but i hate their their rates so badly i mean their interest rates so badly
a a good rate you get a better rate than you do uh cashing in traveler's checks of course there are
credit card rates are still
that we've been paying real close attention to that so we're using the ones that uh have the lower rate as a matter of fact the uh the uh credit union
i think the rate of processing is just about uh reached the rate of housing anyway so keep the keep the normal as it is can't upset the system very much
and some people say go to New York but i don't i don't have an answer to the crime rate it's sad that is a sad situation i i'd like to go down to Mexico you know and i keep hearing that you know the government and and the crime rates pretty high too that that is sad
four weeks then i had to use them all the time and then i had to i found that i had to raise them above my head and kind of down my back to to get the heart rate up it was very progressive it was progressive
do you think this latest interest cut rate cut that the Fed just went through is going to uh get people back on the spending
uh yeah they people are uh complaining because the rates for families uh what you know the the uh
you know their their success rate is very high crime does pay cash you can make a good living at it
yeah unless they structure the garbage rates so that uh you know it like works out to be cheaper
but uh well don't y'all don't y'all have a pretty high crime rate up there
i don't know why that is a problem down there and i guess the crime rate is terrible up here too and uh
kids learn at different rates and for too long they've kind of lumped everybody together you'd learn at this rate and that's the only way it's going to happen
and uh the rates that we keep paying seem to keep increasing uh
and some people say go to New York but i don't i don't have an answer to the crime rate it's sad that is a sad situation i i'd like to go down to Mexico you know and i keep hearing that you know the government and and the crime rates pretty high too that that is sad
well they they can get them one way or the other i i think it's uh i probably rate it maybe on the scale of one to ten maybe uh seven or eight
well that's good i'm looking right now i'm kind kind of looking for a Visa that has a lower interest rate it seems that some of them have gotten higher
i got a a uh nine and a half percent interest rate
and uh personally i don't live in a real bad section of town but uh just because of the general area i live in the insurance rates are real high on your car and there's a lot of crime within a few miles of me
when they're drive and that's why why i guess the car insurance has no nonsmoker rates or whatever as well
uh rates are are going up pretty quickly
we're being charged because the rates have the trash uh pickup rates have gone up uh like i say almost by a factor of three for some people
store credit cards are even higher interest rate than say Master Card or Visa
the divorce rate keeps hovering around fifty percent or so and it got higher than that for a while um
uh i suspect they take the view that cutting income tax rates has been good for the the economy that most other countries have a higher share of the tax burden
SAT rate well it also has the highest teen suicide rate too so i mean that and this is national i don't know where it's all going to where it's all going to go
and they have pretty economical rates but now in South Carolina there is this
i mean if you look at the the high unemployment rate right now and you look at people who are in those situations i don't know that they have good coping skills or a lot of them even ideas of how to make those changes now
but i know that they have like uh their crime rate it's not Jamaica i don't think i can't remember which it's uh one of the Caribbean Islands and and they
a a good rate you get a better rate than you do uh cashing in traveler's checks of course there are
