The coverage emphasizes Hussein's connections to the many different players in Middle East politics.
At Indiana State University and during his early NBA career, Bird gulled fans, opposing players, and the media.
I: Not much, but when I have nothing better to do I enjoy watching the players.
Girls play this game in Mexico also, with a boy as the center player, which Inez Cardozo-Freeman interprets as a portrayal of betrayal and abandonment preparing little girls for marriage.
but you don't know that and but he's lost he was an outstanding football player
On the talk shows, the players testified that Bradley is "intelligent," "knowledgeable," "well-rounded," "compassionate," "concerned," "wonderful," "a great leader," "a great listener," and "a good person."
Barshefsky), kicking tennis player Anna Kournikova when she's down.
Sharing information and current knowledge of the market across channel players achieves some of the same objectives—at lower cost—of formally reaching forward or backward into markets.
Stross could have written a fabulous book about how Microsoft's meritocracy produced a perfect monopoly, out of sheer grit and the love bestowed upon its team of managers by America's mutual funds (their fondness for Microsoft stock yielded a price that allowed the company, with its handsome stock-option compensation program, to hold on to its best, most talented players).
Piazza was the Dodgers' best player on the field, its most popular with the fans, and its most expensive to keep.
uh it's it's hard to uh name him with some of the very top players i think sometimes but i'm glad he's playing in the in the pros yeah he's a
At USA Today , the Iraq combat is on the front below the fold, Cambodia is nowhere in sight and the lead is the real possibility that the NBA season will be canceled combined with a warning from the head of the players' union that if so, the players might start their own league.
in his type offense he was looking for youth and for uh uh uh to rebuild a new team and i think that was the reason why he cut all the players
Pokémon demands that players learn to care for their charges, educate and "evolve" them, and take them to the Pokémon hospital when they are hurt.
After a while, I hooked up each unit to a compact disc player.
Or, there's the home-schooling movement, a player on the right since the 1960s.
and it was weird it was like they were trying if you were good boy let's don't have you on our team you know but um this year they had all good players except for the quarterback
This has produced a mad scramble for players over a period of hours rather than weeks, with stars hopping from one team to the next.
it is so much fun to see these players you see on TV to and to hear that ball go whizzing by
players now days compared with the old players it seems like most the players today are
course we have Duke University that was the national champions last year so i'm kind of hoping that they'll repeat again this year they have a lot of the same players back
The Prisoner's Dilemma (PD) has generated many hundreds of publications [ 1 2 ] spanning the biology, moral philosophy, sociology, economics and political science literature [ 1 3 4 5 6 ] . It received special attention because it sets paradoxical conditions to examine how and when cooperation can evolve even when a rational player is bound to defect.
But even when players could not freely sell their services on the open market, the richest teams still got the best players.
and you know uh you know i used to think that that one one player really doesn't make the club
These players are much better than the low-stakes players and take my money in a hurry.
it really only takes one player to really give any team a bad rap you know one that
The Secretary of duhFENSE may be introduced at the annual Army-Navy game, while the crowd is shouting to the players on the field, “DEE-fense, DEE-fense!”
And, while this sounds like a cliché, it's undoubtedly true: Parcells makes his players believe they can win, so they do.
Here are Shafer's instructions to the players:
MLB has no salary cap, and attempts to impose one sparked the 1994-1995 strike by the players union, resulting in the first cancellation of a World Series in 90 years.
In New England, nine of his assistant coaches were former Giants assistants; at the Jets, he has enlisted former Giants players to coach his running backs, kickers, and tight ends.
Statisticians insist there is no such thing as a "hot hand" in basketball, that accurate shots distribute themselves in random patterns, that just the fact that a player has made several shots in a row does not increase the likelihood that he will make the next one.
United Artists, however, was plagued by inept management and a lack of resources, and never became a power player.
they need players and and they need a front office that that can judge players we've traded away so many good players in the past five years and got nothing for them
well what do you think about Nolan Ryan being the first baseball player to earn a million dollars
All of the other players are given a color by the mamá: red, yellow, green, blue, or they may choose their own color.
When she decided to leave the show, her character got killed in a plane crash, and the guy playing Roman decamped, too, to be replaced by another actor about 10 years younger, six inches taller, and built like the ex-baseball player that he was.
Different channel players now share detailed information on daily sales; investments in technologies mutually benefit both retailers and suppliers; and because of the effective use of information and manufacturing technologies, risk has been reduced across the entire channel.
You'll need Windows Media Player software (which you may already have if you've installed the latest version of Internet Explorer).
Although union organization has not been so extensive in retail or textiles, unions have been important players in apparel manufacturing.
(Both radios sport input jacks in the back for plugging in a CD player, computer, tape deck, television, or VCR.)
And suppliers get little return out of providing customers with standardized shipping container markers if neither of these channel players has made previous investments in bar codes and EDI.
But even Unitas didn't have the season for the ages that Warner had this year while winning the NFL Most Valuable Player award and leading the Rams to the Super Bowl.
Each player is named a color, and the two leaders, the devil and the angel, try to gain the most players.
"Elders on Ice" observes the twilight careers of New York Rangers Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier: The "greatest player ever" and the "most-driven player ever" are past their prime, but still know how to win.
Another is that care delivery is so granular; much of it is delivered by not-for-profit organizations and there are not just a few dominant players as in other industries.
favorite players
Hungary continues to produce some good players.
Each player is named a color, and the two leaders, the devil and the angel, try to gain the most players.
3) Denver Broncos running back Terrell Davis ran for 178 yards, becoming the fourth player (along with O.J.
oh yeah yeah that that makes a makes it a little different i i i would i thought it would make a difference when i got my car it has a tape player in it but i don't use it a lot
But the enthusiasm of players and audience is exciting in itself.
In another, a male dentist who has given one of the players two fillings stares in amazement as one teammate after another rises, zombielike, to declare, "Then I will have two fillings!"
Hence, rational players should always defect regardless of what the opponent does (in both a one shot game and for predicted responses over repeated games due to backward induction from an expected final defection), leading to the question of why cooperation emerges.
where the college player plays for four years and they're not they're not semi pro and just go on and are stolen by the the NBA the the League you know in three years plus i'd like to see them to be true athletes where they're they're taking a regular
The national sport, badminton, and is played wherever a net, real or makeshift, can be set up for players to thwack the shuttlecock across to each other.
While many channel players have adopted EDI, it also represents an area of evolving practice; the amount of information that can be transmitted between retailers and suppliers has grown at the same time that the costs of transmission have fallen.
Over the past few months in my cross-divisional capacity, I have been formulating plans for Microsoft to operate as a real player in the NY/LA Media and Entertainment nexus.
This is lined with duty-free shops selling liquor, perfume, cameras, CD players, video recorders, and electronic goods and British-style pubs serving pints of beer and bar lunches.
While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined, knowledge-based product development process, the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively.
well usually our friends the women are the bridge players and the men are there because it's an excuse to get together
New players drawn by hints that Gupta-Sherman flirtation is about to catch fire.
The object of the game is to come as close as possible to 9; the only real skill involved is deciding whether to bet on the player or the bank (i.e.
The recent availability of microarray technology has made it possible to perform an extensive analysis of IL-1 modulation of genes in cells that are central players in arthritic disease.
a lot of experience as a player and it looks like he's doing all right as a manager
Lewinsky has behaved with admirable restraint and dignity throughout the piece, the only player to come out entirely clean."
Golf courses at Nusa Dua and up in the mountains at the Bali Handara Kosaido Country Club are both top-class, staging tournaments which bring some of the world’s best players.
Six feet five and thin, Bin Ladin appeared to be ungainly but was in fact quite athletic, skilled as a horseman, runner, climber, and soccer player.
In war, there are two players, and each can miscalculate.
Through happier times the village has built a reputation for weaving and embroidery — still sold in the lower town — as well as for its lyre players, and this is one place where you are sure to see men in their traditional costume of high leather boots, britches, and headdress.
“If you can dissect out the important players with respect to which nicotine receptors are tuning [a] particular set of synapses, then that provides another way to potentially target the therapeutics.”
uh whatever sport it is if they're really putting putting a lot of money in these players let's face it ninety percent are being paid
More likely they would invent a bunch of rules for keeping the players from spraining their ankles or getting their toes cut by pieces of glass hidden in the sand or contracting tetanus from rusty nails stuck in driftwood.
In the daytime the temple (open 8am–6pm) attracts worshipers, and its park attracts strollers and mah-jong players.
The common features within a critical success factor can become especially significant as the CIO, and other players, plan the execution of the six principles described in this guide.
um-hum however here in Dallas uh we had a a player Roy Tarpley on the Mavericks team
Excerpts from David Halberstam's Michael Jordan: The Making of a Legend chronicle Jordan's rise from a talented but unknown high schooler to the best college player in the country.
You can almost feel the beat of the music booming across the sand from all the portable radios and tape players.
Not surprisingly, Mohamed Atta, Ramzi Binalshibh, Marwan al Shehhi, and Ziad Jarrah would all become key players in the 9/11 conspiracy.
well who would you say is your favorite player or has ever been your favorite player
And anyway, who cares whether your kitchen-sink epic features short, fat Mom and Dad or tall, thin contract players?
Each player is dealt seven cards, which are then arranged by the player into two piles: one five-card hand and one two-card hand.
The bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) family including ligands, receptors, and binding proteins, has emerged as a central player in ovary physiology and female fertility [ 1 ] . The BMPs represent a large subclass of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) surperfamily of ligands whose biological responses are mediated by Ser/Thr kinase receptors via the Smad-signaling molecules [ 2 ] . The mRNAs encoding several BMP family members have been identified in the murine ovary, including the ligands, BMP-2 [ 3 ] , BMP-3 [ 3 ] , BMP-3b [ 3 ] , BMP-4 [ 4 ] , BMP-6 [ 5 ] , BMP-7 [ 4 ] , BMP-15 [ 6 7 8 ] , the BMP receptors, BMPR-IA, BMPR-IB and BMPR-II [ 4 ] and the BMP binding protein, follistatin (FS) [ 9 ] . In the murine, BMP-4 and -7 mRNA have been identified in the theca interstitial cells [ 4 ] , BMP-6 and -15 in oocytes [ 5 6 7 8 ] , BMPR-IA, BMPR-IB and BMPR-II in oocytes and granulosa cells (GCs) [ 4 ] , and FS in granulosa and lutein cells [ 9 10 ] .
well there's no doubt about that the money's there and the owners are willing to pay if unfortunately uh and you get star players like uh like Joe Montana making four million dollars a year and everybody else wants to match that type of salary now
The only guaranteed way to get a bead on players is to watch for betting patterns to emerge.
In an effort to provide yet one more thing to bet on, players are imported from Spain to take part in this lightning-fast Basque ball game.
T > R > S > P), one enters a new game, "chicken" (also called the "snowdrift" or "hawk-dove" game), in which one no longer necessarily expects mutual defection [ 4 ] . Indeed, if R > T and S > P, then the game becomes "mutualism," in which players are expected to cooperate all the time, regardless of what the opponent does [ 7 ] .
the Ranger baseball player that used to be here and we used to we were really into that when we got him
"In a League of His Own," gushed the New York Times . However, the computer that ranks tennis players by their recent performance in tournaments elevated Andre Agassi, who lost the Wimbledon final, to the top rank, with Sampras third.
The owners gripe that players are destroying it from within by demanding too much money.
It seems the supply-side virus allows the same players to keep playing year after year, never forcing them to graduate.
A survey piece argues that Germany has replaced France as the dominant player in the European Union.
The New York Yankees acquired Roger Clemens . In exchange, they sent pitcher David Wells and two other players to the Toronto Blue Jays.
Which is more appealing to the players?
There is a term in English for a tennis player reaching a height, for a brief stretch or longer, when he cannot miss, and tennis people call it zoning . I have not heard it used in other cases, but when used it seems to equal tener duende . I do not know whether that use of duende has reached Portuguese speakers in Brazil or Portugal, but if it has not, it probably will soon, because so many Portuguese speakers are bilingual in Spanish.
"Elders on Ice" observes the twilight careers of New York Rangers Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier: The "greatest player ever" and the "most-driven player ever" are past their prime, but still know how to win.
4) Without him, we're left with players who kick photographers and choke coaches.
"Surely a future Super Bowl will see players selling commercial space on their butts," says the Washington Post 's Tom Shales.
Martina Hingis and Pete Sampras won the women's and men's tennis championships at Wimbledon . Sportswriters lionized Hingis as a Wunderkind (she's 16, the youngest Wimbledon champ in a century) and Sampras as arguably the greatest player ever (he's on track to shatter the record for men's grand slam titles).
They reject the rampant individualism of "loutish male basketball and baseball players," as the New York Times ' George Vecsey puts it, and they celebrate the U.S. women's squad as a collectivist countermodel.
About 80 percent of the action will be on which team wins, but Vegas bookmakers offer more than 200 wagering options, including Player to Score First Touchdown (Eddie George, Titans, is the 9-2 favorite); the Double Result, a bet on who's ahead at the half and at the end (you can have Tennessee at the half and St. Louis at the end at 7-2); who scores first and who wins the game (you can take the Rams both ways at 5-6).
Agame is just a conflict situation with a bunch of participants, or "players."
This being a book by a player, we asked another player to review it.
yeah he was a finesse player he was good
The icon of these pro-sex feminists is Chastain, the player who posed nude (but not lasciviously) in Gear magazine, kicked the winning goal, and then tore off her jersey and bounded around the field in a black sports bra.
that's all there is to it but the players and stuff they finally quit giving away the really good players and started keeping them too because we had some you remember when Archie Manning was a quarterback
MLS also recruits most of its foreign players in Latin America, largely because Latin players are cheaper than Europeans.
you can really even if you're short like that you know in basketball today they get these huge tall players that
In one, Baltimore Orioles fans sound off to the O's owner, demanding cheaper tickets and more dedicated players (the owner is noncommittal).
you know he was kicked off the team and then they've got three players top you know recruiting class this year that are going to have to be
The first player with a line checked off wins, and signifies so not by shouting "bingo" but by coughing.
you know they have a young team it's you know a lot different than the teams they used to have where it's the same old you know players every year and
You might be tempted to conclude that criminals and lottery players are often the same people.
good good some good uh good players out there
Daimler's cars feature safety innovations that Chrysler will be able to incorporate into its vehicles and, most intriguingly, Daimler has been a pioneer in fuel-cell technology, which means that Chrysler will immediately become the dominant American player in developing noncombustion-engine cars.
especially in a a few players come out of college and then uh more players um go straight to the minors
Sportswriters throw up their hands and conclude with banalities: Parcells is a "great motivator" or a "players' coach."
their best player this years you know averaged twenty points a game they had to make him sit the bench and actually kicked him off the team because um
Here the convict is Jake Shuttlesworth (Denzel Washington), and his mission is to go into the projects of Coney Island, where his son Jesus (played by the 22-year-old Milwaukee Bucks guard Ray Allen) is a high-school basketball player of near divine abilities.
well i don't know why i like the Bears but i do i just think they have some good players but
Five bucks per look up would bankrupt frequent users--Scrabble players or copy editors, for example.
and probably like tinted windows and a nice stereo system tape player i don't have a tape player in mine which is really killing me
In a league where head coaches delegate everything to assistants, Parcells makes a policy of trying to talk to every player every day.
even though one player can carry a bulk of the of the scoring load you know you have to have the other players there to complement him and finally with uh Pippen and some of the Horace Grant some of the other guys are coming right along
Defenders see a double standard: Critics don't blame white players (Steffi Graf and Mary Pierce) for their fathers' misbehavior, so why should Williams be blamed for her father's?
i think the the players get a little old and get a little tired and uh
You'd never guess she's a lethal player of poker.
and uh several of my players uh players several of my former students uh played with Minnesota Vikings and then with the Cleveland Browns
But most people happily went on introducing words like le workshop, le tour-operator (they insist on the hyphen), le self (self-service restaurant), le must (the thing to wear), le pick-up (the truck or the record player, not the girl), le hi-fi (pronounce: “eefee”).
uh kind of like as a minor league to recruit players
The "New Establishment 1997" ranks "the 50 most powerful players of the Information Age."
but uh Yount has been a he's a player uh year in year out and always uh is leading the team in uh most of most of their offensive categories
Or maybe it is that the competition is so stiff that no single player can dominate like Arnold Palmer or Jack Nicklaus or Tom Watson did in their heydays.
especially in a a few players come out of college and then uh more players um go straight to the minors
6) After the story collapsed, "I was basically told to be a good team player and not say anything."
i've kind of gotten away from them until the last couple of years because i didn't really know many players and their team but i also being from the Indiana area i like the Cubs and the White Sox
"Bill, I think, has proven … that a basketball player, baseball player, football player are very intelligent people and that type of stigma attached to you is not worthy."
Other stories profile a superagent winning mammoth contracts for his baseball player clients, a rookie quarterback learning how to play the endorsements game, and NBA Commissioner David Stern, who micromanages the league's image, coordinating everything from media coverage to promotional "sock giveaways."
no i haven't heard anything lately um but then again i haven't bought any CDs lately i had a CD player and i just moved from Washington about two years ago and uh when i was in Washington in DC i i gave my CD player to my sister because i was going to buy another one
President, you've met now with the players and the owners.
myself because uh they a couple of Ranger players that i had
Black players feel that white owners don't respect them and are treating them as ghetto thugs who don't deserve their high salaries.
they need players and and they need a front office that that can judge players we've traded away so many good players in the past five years and got nothing for them
Reduce the stakes, and players will leave the table.
right yeah i think it's gonna have a big effect if they don't on the other uh Hispanic players
You could undoubtedly write a more interesting book about Rodman than you could about, say, Michael Jordan--who, despite being the greatest player of all time, is bland as toast off the court, and a tougher nut to crack in any case.
so there's been a big buzz about that how how Detroit's the bad boys of the league to begin with and when something like that happens to one of their players they're all all claiming that uh
Meanwhile, the World Cup coverage exalts players who focus on their families.
well who would you say is your favorite player or has ever been your favorite player
The first black major-leaguer had to be exceptional, because a merely good player wouldn't have been able to convince people of what they didn't want to be convinced of, namely, that black players could play.
(And I thought he was just a basketball player and TV huckster.)
This is not because Microsoft-based systems are necessarily better, but because Microsoft is the biggest player, and that's what companies are going to focus their efforts on when writing drivers and software; there are, after all, only limited resources for writing drivers and front-end software.
i sure don't because i have so many albums and cassettes i feel like gosh i have to go out and buy a CD player and then start collecting CDs and it just i haven't gotten around to doing it yet
The Braves have eight foreign players on their roster, compared to the Yankees' five.
they seem to have you know they seem to have a really bad time with keyboard players they keep on dying and they keep on replacing them and the new ones in his thirties you know
Other stories profile a superagent winning mammoth contracts for his baseball player clients, a rookie quarterback learning how to play the endorsements game, and NBA Commissioner David Stern, who micromanages the league's image, coordinating everything from media coverage to promotional "sock giveaways."
oh i'm definitely a player i guess uh there is some question about that when i total up the score but
As zookeepers for this freakish menagerie, kids are supposed to collect all 151 Pokémon, store them in little Pokéballs, and use them to fight other players' Pokémon.
He doesn't really want to run, but perhaps he can use the threat of a candidacy to make himself a behind-the-scenes player, the guy who delivers the left to Al Gore or Bill Bradley.
he's got to be pretty much you know i use to say Akeem Olajuwon was the dominant player you know when against any team he would dominate but
yeah then they that's like they dropped off the map and they had all the same players but
The first black major-leaguer had to be exceptional, because a merely good player wouldn't have been able to convince people of what they didn't want to be convinced of, namely, that black players could play.
well you draft players from different teams
Pandas (misinformed players only)--0
yeah the Reds did the same thing players then down into fifth
6 modem T1 connection Download Windows Media Player
Another thing about these games that makes me nervous is that two players in cahoots at adjacent computers could rig the table, playing in tandem and driving up the bets when they know they've got the hand won.
and it's whoever has got the most money that gets the players and so forth
Interesting as that trade-off may be, it's largely irrelevant to the main point, which is that players like big prizes and long odds.
yeah they end up juggling the lineup and trying to fit uh more inexperienced players into those roles and they just don't have the leadership don't have the skills to carry a team
"He was one of the dirtiest players I ever played against," Marin told the Post . "He held and pushed and tugged.
until they now my sister my younger sister has a she does have a CD player that she got for Christmas and she's got the the cassette so she can record off cassettes onto CDs i mean i'm sorry other way around off CDs onto cassettes um
The reason this is a problem, obviously, is that the Yankees are much richer than the Pirates and can therefore afford to pay more for players, which means they'll be able to lure the best players to New York.
so we both have a secret background that says somehow or another we just knew we were piano players and never g ot a chance uh
But Instinct is the work of players.
Thus, for any player, 75 percent of the game is spent doing nothing at all.
yes it it seemed like it's up to about ten to twelve years ago i mean all the sports including football it used to seem uh before the higher ticket prices in terms of just not for fans but i mean what what the salaries some of the players were getting
Watts is a black man; a football player; a Republican; a businessman; a member of Congress; a family man (despite admitted mistakes as a teen-ager); and countless other things that have all served to mold him into a specific unique individual.
because about some of the players that had moved from here to Minnesota but it was interesting it certainly was an exciting series anyway
Although the telecom industry on the one hand is succumbing to merger-mania, on the other hand it's seeing new players spring up regularly, and it's now seeing wannabes such as RCN and Qwest becoming real contenders.
um Troy Aikman i wonder even though he's a real good player i wonder if he's going to be able to uh stand the physical abuse that the NFL offers he might not make it
Largent was the more successful football player and is a more extreme conservative.
Sylvester Stallone is that his name i really believe Schwarzenegger is really going to be a variety variety player more so than he is because he really played the part good
I decide on PlanetPoker.com because Mike Caro, a pro poker player whom I've met and like, endorses it.
and probably like tinted windows and a nice stereo system tape player i don't have a tape player in mine which is really killing me
yeah they're pretty they're so young and everything i i was just starting to get Dave Justice is one of my favorite players so
they traded for a lot of new players uh in the off season and it looks like it might help them but uh i think this is going to be a year for pulling together and looking for the future
A player won if his number matched an agreed-upon daily variable made known through some public channel--for example, the last three digits of the total amount wagered at a given racetrack, which anyone could learn through the sports pages.
and see i don't think they should build up on one person like Chicago with you know with Michael Air Jordan and that's not good Lakers got so many different players
I have asked Sam Snead and Bob Cousy what they did for a living, and at my first Blackhawks game it took me 40 minutes to realize they players were on skates.
players
The media responded with worshipful saturation coverage, reciting his records (six championships, 10 scoring titles, five Most Valuable Player Awards, and the highest per-game scoring average ever) and replaying highlights, especially his final shot, which won last year's championship.
well i think you're right and i think Isaiah Thomas would fit in Detroit and i think those things do make a difference and there are marquee players and i think i think Jordan and the and the Bulls have to be
In an editorial Monday, Le Figaro of Paris said that, by contrast, Milosevic has shown great talent as a chess player.
yeah that that's what ticks me off about old uh Henderson you know wanting to renegotiate renegotiate his contract because uh uh he's not the highest paid player anymore
For another, mainland-connected players generally are able to buy in at much better terms than anyone else--certainly at terms better than their balance sheets suggest they deserve.
uh-huh uh he's talented player but uh
5) Without him, we're left with players and owners whose greed has nearly destroyed the sport.
and i think that's why i i liked him so well but uh i don't know you know when i i watch it and then i start sort of seeing myself enjoying it i'm like you're just you're just doing this for the players you know don't think about Jerry Jones or Jimmy Johnson either one but
And it transcends color and gender: The player who grabs the ball, dodging a spry Eiffel Tower, is white and female.
pure power hitter anyway i mean i don't like these guys that get up there and swing for the downs every time i mean uh i think that uh that a player ought to hit a home run if he's got the pitch to do it
He doesn't like its glitz and disapproves of young players' greed.
yeah well he was good but we every time we'd get a real good player they'd treat him bad
In bank craps, a command from the stickman or boxman to a player to pick up and throw the dice with a single hand.
but uh i still think there's plenty of good football players around that just
you know i just kind of had to go with them then i kind of got caught up with a lot of the other players
In "Boycott Nike and Reebok," Robert Wright wants shoe companies to sign players who will help inner-city kids conform their conduct to the expectations of a suburban job interview.
professional football players
and it's like all these pawns on this chess big all these players on this big chess game you know and it's a world championship and who is ultimately going to get the power who's going to get put in checkmate and who's going to be ruled out of the game
But if there were three or four teams in New York, the monopoly rents exacted by the Yankees would decline, which means they wouldn't be able to pay so much for players, which means it would be easier to run a team successfully in a small market.
College basketball coach Al McGuire once said that, whereas many coaches took white players and tried to get them to play black, he took black players and tried to get them to play white.
so i was i was a real good piano player but then i got interested in a lot of other things and i got real involved in many things and
By 1980 it was also being used widely in baseball, especially to welcome a player to the plate after a home run (and in this respect is similar to the hugs and other celebratory gestures used by British football players).
players now days compared with the old players it seems like most the players today are
This year, the average player salary is $1.
our magazine subscriptions uh really add up to a strange bunch but i get i get Business Week uh i get one called uh Dulcimer Player's News i get uh
The deal still must be ratified by the owners and players.
and as long as you keep moving you have the aerobic effect and i i'm sure if you have a half way good player you do keep running
Everybody's coverage continues to focus heavily on the DJIA, which is a basket of only 30 stocks, some of them hardly key players in the emerging world economy, instead of broader market measures like the S&P 500.
well they have a couple players they have had and they do now that that um played here in Utah at BYU before they went down there
The Vikings then recovered an onside kick by Eddie Murray, the league's oldest player, who had been dumped by several teams.
i mean i um i mean like i was just reading something in today's paper about Herschel Walker and i had to chuckle you know i mean you wonder what he really is i mean i really don't care but what happens to a player when they're sitting in their cars and they fall asleep because um
I don't have a DVD player, an MP3 player, or a Palm Pilot.
yeah i love that movie i absolutely love that and i guess the players uh you know the class A salaries are are really uh not anything a guy can live on too much so i guess they've got to go out and find rooming houses and
"As a professional football player, he'd been physically threatened by other players for refusing to join a strike."
Bob Greene reports that Jordan--the greatest basketball player of all time--was motivated by a sports fantasy: that he'd be batting for the White Sox in his first professional baseball game, and would hit a home run, round the bases and, never stopping running, just head straight from home plate to the tunnel leading out of the stadium, disappearing in front of the awed crowd.
The reason, basically, is that when there are increasing returns an industry will tend to become dominated by at most a few large players, and these players are bound to realize that they have some price-setting power.
Latin players also appeal to MLS's best fans.
Below is  Slate 's entire scorecard, which ranks 31 of Flytrap's key players: The scale runs from -10 to +10.
Today coaches coach at the whim of players.
" 'Hockey,' performed to Cole Porter's 'Every Time We Say Goodbye' and to music by Alkistis Protopsaltis, is a gliding in-line skating duet for the deliciously goofy Tony Guglietti as the Player and Cheryl Lewis as the Elusive Puck who tames him."
With adrenaline pumping, in the moment of realizing the dream of being a hero, with memories of the soccer greats running through her head, she did what soccer players do when they can't contain themselves.
The WP and NYT report that finger-pointing among the international players has begun before the crisis's resolution.
A natural monopoly means that due to the nature of the product and market, the industry will be dominated by a single player.
Popular mostly with football and basketball players.
A piece recounts the Scrabble showdown between the world's best players and a computer programmed with all the words in the Scrabble dictionary.
Eliminating a key player in that market could reduce the pressure for price cuts.
Defeat of Al D'Amato means IRS less likely to audit returns of particularly vituperative players.
The reason this is a problem, obviously, is that the Yankees are much richer than the Pirates and can therefore afford to pay more for players, which means they'll be able to lure the best players to New York.
I was disappointed that there was no entry for Wilson Goode, the first black mayor of Philadelphia, or for Dick Allen, the first black superstar baseball player for the Phillies, who was traded to St. Louis in the deal that was to bring Curt Flood to Philadelphia, the deal that Flood used as a pretext for challenging the reserve clause.
Firstly--not that this makes Pippen's decision any better--Pippen felt that he, ostensibly the Bulls' best player at the time, should be on the floor as an option for the last shot, not inbounding the ball.
Anyone who has ever spent any length of time in the field for any minimal amount of innings in the game of baseball, or along the bench in the dugout next to the baseball field--and that now includes my daughter Jessica and those like her who insist on playing hardball rather than what is still designated “ girls' softball”--has heard that unique baseball language designed to get the goat of the opposition and/or to encourage the players on your own side.
One of the U.S. players, Tiffeny Milbrett, was dead right when she said lives were changed by World Cup--and not just here in America, but around the world.
First, if you didn't know who the two were and you were told that one of them was, as a youth, one of the great basketball players in the country, you wouldn't have picked Bill Bradley.
Baseball is also, incidentally, the only sport where players can smoke during the game; you used to catch appealing glimpses on television of some professional athlete puffing away.
The proposed merger between MCI WorldCom and Sprint obviously raises important antitrust questions, since the devouring of the country's third-largest long-distance player by the second-largest might very well not be in the best interests of consumers.
Bird's coaching philosophy, which he repeats over and over, is "It's a player's game."
Normally, when one of three big players in an industry buys one of its two competitors, you hear rumblings about possible antitrust violations and the deleterious effects of lack of competition.
The Post says it's not surprising that the rise of non-professional, home-based Internet trading can encourage the occasional bankrupted player to "go Nasdaq"--as Mark Barton's murders have been termed.
Sunday afternoon, 20 of history's greatest basketball players headlined a Madison Square Garden fund-raiser for Bill Bradley.
In college, the players use up their eligibility.
In one, Baltimore Orioles fans sound off to the O's owner, demanding cheaper tickets and more dedicated players (the owner is noncommittal).
The source for greatness is the individual player.
Bird, a thing of beauty and a joy forever as a player, is turning out to be a fabulous coach, too.
CD players: They let fans program the track sequence, wrecking album continuity.
He was remembered as one of football's funniest and most generous players, and his nickname, Sweetness, "was a tribute to his personality more than his running style" ( ESPN ). Chicago Bears Assistant Coach Fred O'Connor, who believed Payton was destined to be a legend from the outset, said, "God must have taken a chisel and said, 'I'm going to make me a halfback.
When MLS launched, U.S. players were so grateful to get work that they accepted MLS's terms of employment.
After the death of his father, Jordan took up the doomed mission of becoming a professional baseball player.
In 1973, the American League added the designated hitter , a player who bats in place of the pitcher but does not play in the field.
World Cup Chairwoman Donna de Varona lauds the American players' "humility."
Case repeatedly says that policy will be more important than technology in shaping his industry, and he is striving to become a D.C. player.
Parcells' players and assistant coaches follow him loyally from city to city.
And for MLS to make itself a top-class league, it needs to spend tens of millions of dollars to steal European players and protect its own stars.
Proponents of realignment argue that it exploits natural regional rivalries and decreases travel time for players.
Obviously, it's easy for me to complain about players who aren't big on self-effacement or deference to authority.
Time 's cover story celebrates Michael Jordan's reign as the greatest basketball player ever and weighs the evidence about whether His Airness will retire.
News accounts recited his résumé--the Hall of Fame, nine World Series championships, 11 All-Star games, and three American League Most Valuable Player awards--but focused on his record 56 game hitting steak in 1941, which still stands today.
Bird is quiet, has short meetings, and never chews out his players publicly.
If Hamm can score from 25 yards out on a shot struck with either foot on a full gallop, or tennis player Venus Williams can hit a serve 127 mph--faster than Andre Agassi was serving at Wimbledon this year--doesn't that force us to reconsider what it means to "play like a girl"?
The numbers game was an illegal daily lottery--particularly popular in Harlem--in which, typically, players chose a number from zero to 999 and placed bets through "policy banks."
He is a popular trumpet player with his own band.
Whichever player successfully frames the questions at stake will capture public opinion and political support, and thereby win.
It is difficult to explain to a non-Brit just how funny this misdefinition is--almost as funny as Webster's attempt at defining wicket-keeper : the player in cricket who stands with a bat to protect the wicket from the ball.
In corporate staff meetings, the Wall Street Journal reports, employees everywhere pursue a game called Buzzword Bingo, in which players score by quietly taking note whenever a jargon term ("proactive," "incent," "interface") is wielded by their bosses.
Casanova was also a fervent card player and was soon invited to play a few robers of visk (or wisk).
The player who used to be involved in every play has become a coach who is hardly involved in any of them.
I'm sure Thomas will be remembered in Atlanta this week at the Super Bowl, especially today as the reporters descend on the players and coaches for a reaction.
Although I seldom work crossword puzzles, this is a must book for the crossword-puzzle addict or even the occasional player.
By contrast, Larry Bird, a white player of low-income origins, was a noted trash talker.)
Under Bird, he has settled in happily as a Pacers role player.
The reason, basically, is that when there are increasing returns an industry will tend to become dominated by at most a few large players, and these players are bound to realize that they have some price-setting power.
(47) batting a thousand: “Baseball players have batting averages based on the number of times they hit the ball when they're up at bat.
General conclusions: 1) Star player David Beckham was an idiot to have committed the foul that got him kicked out of the game ("an astonishing display of petulance," says the Mirror ); 2) Beckham's infraction was harmless and did not warrant an ejection; and 3) 18-year-old phenom Michael Owen is a brilliant talent.
With the Patriots and the Jets, for example, Parcells demanded that players spend most of their off-season in training: Those who resisted--and some always did--got cut or traded.
Those players who stick with Parcells adore his tough love.
This dilemma has occasioned anguished breast-beating ever since the introduction of free agency into the player market 22 years ago.
And though today's top-ranking players earn six-figure incomes from their prizes and commercial endorsements, many of the great players of tomorrow may even now be benefiting from government's biggest covert subsidy of sports and the arts--unemployment insurance (and perhaps the occasional food stamp).
The NYT runs a front-page feature by sports long-form legend Robert Lipsyte on the first major league baseball player to come out extensively to the press (in a previous article in the Miami Herald ), a retired utility player named Billy Bean who played with the Tigers, Dodgers and Padres.
If, on occasion, Lee's serpentine camera seems more active than the players he's shooting, he knows just when to speed the play up, when to slow it down, and when to let it unfold in real time.
Instead, the Thernstroms stress the reduction in racial prejudice openly expressed by whites, "the rise of the black middle class," and the extent to which blacks have become "major players" in American politics.
Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there, and tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey player Wayne Gretzky and basketball player Bill Russell--though Culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press release she picked up as she left.
The scene moves to the real world of real players and real coaches, and our footballer, still wearing his No.
He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each player did right, and provided an "imaging" tape for each player, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
News accounts agree that Arafat has finally shed his image as a terrorist and is now being honored by the White House not only as a virtual head of state but as the indispensable player in the peace process.
The Braves' foreign players hail from the Dominican Republic and Venezuela.
In addition, as I've pointed out here before, the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity, so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding.
And finally there was Colin Montgomerie, a multiple failure in major tournaments, surely the best player in the world never to have won one of these things.
Sabol, a former college football player, says, "That's the way I wanted to show the game, with the snot spraying, the sweat flying.
Martina Hingis and Pete Sampras won the women's and men's tennis championships at Wimbledon . Sportswriters lionized Hingis as a Wunderkind (she's 16, the youngest Wimbledon champ in a century) and Sampras as arguably the greatest player ever (he's on track to shatter the record for men's grand slam titles).
J.C. (Julius Caesar) Watts was not Largent's equal as a football player.
The spins: 1) Why did it take the players so long to reach a deal?
Two players, on the count of three, form an approximation of something with their hands and announce what that something is: for instance, a butterfly vs.
"We had a tradition along the Eastern Seaboard of horse players.
In 1975, the average player made $35,000.
As a player, Bradley was a gifted shooter with remarkable stamina, but he lacked the foot speed and upper-body strength of many NBA athletes.
News accounts recited his résumé--the Hall of Fame, nine World Series championships, 11 All-Star games, and three American League Most Valuable Player awards--but focused on his record 56 game hitting steak in 1941, which still stands today.
Equality feminists worry that the players' exploitation of their physiques is self-objectifying and retro.
well isn't it funny how baseball's getting less than like football players would
So it was the cheerleaders dated the football players?
A plant's adaptively variable behavior or plasticity during its lifetime has been described as 'plant intelligence' [ 79] and Ca 2+and its sensors are key players in this adaptive behavior.
Well, could never catch the eye of this new player, so the match was over, their match was over, they left, I left, and just kind of went on with my life.
Attorneys have filed charges against several key players associated with some of the recent integrity and accountability failures; the New York State Attorney General and the SEC are taking steps to address certain conflicts within the investment banking community, and the GAO has taken a number of steps as discussed below.
Instead of five players we had six.
The second critical success factor focuses on the CIO«s ability to establish the CIO organization as a central player in the enterprise.
My dad played baseball in school and my mom was the star basketball player.
Many of these players tend to be arrogant and believe that the end justifies the means.
And, um, my grandparents, my father, my grandfather, he used to be very wealthy before the Depression and, uh, this one time his father played the world champion billiards player at that time.
This study explores the effect of alteration of the GC environment during late gestation, with the expectation that suppression of GC effects will improve the LIFR null newborn phenotype and identify LIFR as an obligatory player in concert with the maternal GC surge during late gestation development.
It was, um, actually the story of Hansel and Gretel and they, I think I would like listen to it everyday because I just loved it and they would put it on the record player and, ah, I would sit in a little rocking chair that we had in our living room and listen to it, and I was kind of scared at the part where the witch was going to put them in the oven, but , and my dad would come in and he'd sit with me and comfort me.
Although it is becoming clear that intrinsic BMPs are important players in the ovary, the cellular localization of BMPs in the ovary is poorly understood, and a proper understanding of how the cell-specific expression of the BMP system changes during the cycle is still lacking.
yeah they they really didn't do good at all for us up here and that's that's too bad because they were they were some good players they are some good players on the Patriots team you know and
Also, there are strict rules as to what the player can do with his cards and chips, and where he can place his hands.
Textile firms, however, have been players in multiple supply channels.
Its rate of play is dizzyingly fast--I once played more than 400 games of video poker in an hour--and the flashing lights and flickering screens send players into trancelike reveries.
Cigarette smoke has also been considered a major player in the pathogenesis of asthma and as a trigger for acute symptoms [ 2 ] . Exposure to cigarette smoke activates an inflammatory cascade in the airway epithelium resulting in the production of a number of potent cytokines and chemokines, with accompanying damage to the lung epithelium, increased permeability, and recruitment of macrophages and neutrophils to the airway [ 3 ] . Even brief exposure to cigarette smoke has been shown to increase expression of IL-8 in primary cultures of human bronchial epithelial cells (HBEs) in the presence of dust mite allergen [ 4 ] . Increased release of the chemokine IL-8 has also been shown for cultured HBEs exposed to cigarette smoke extract (CSE) [ 5 6 ] and diesel exhaust particles [ 7 ] . However, the precise molecular events that bring about these intracellular changes and acute inflammation in lung epithelial cells are not well understood.
it really is it's got pretty good acceleration too it's got a CD player in it so i can i can play those and
Each player is dealt seven cards, which are then arranged by the player into two piles: one five-card hand and one two-card hand.
The main players are la mamá and “Saint Inez,” who may also be called La Vieja Inés (Old Lady Inés) or La Virgen Inés (Old Maid Inés).
The other two were both former professional football players, both from Oklahoma and both aggressively religious.
Too many players are looking for special treatment and loopholes and are focusing on legal form rather than economic substance.
really built the program and they were supposed to well they were rated up in the the first uh uh top ten this year until they lost their two of their their star players and uh through injuries
All are varied and challenging enough for the best players.
Otherwise, the two parties make independent decisions that myopically optimize their own profits, without complete consideration of the impact these decisions may have on other players in the channel.
When the state banned big jackpots by forbidding machines to pay more than $125 to a player in a day, poker operators ignored the law.
You need to be able to issue a few so-called "wide-striped suits" to players who violate criminal statutes.
they they signed him to a ten day contract and uh he became a player even though he's assistant coach
All together now, from the top . . . In the week after Christmas my true love gave to me 10 college bowls, 9 hours of wrestling, 8 NFL games, 7 figure skaters, 6 soccer players, 5 college hoops match ups, 4 hockey goalies, 3 rounds of pro golf, 2 ABL games, and the Branson, Mo.
Players bet on the numbers that will come up, and on whether the result will be “big” or “small. ”
The Legal Aid Bureau has become a lead player in the justice community by building partnerships with other organizations, the courts and the mediaCoall critical components to make justice available to all in Maryland."
to win you just have to spend it if it's necessary in other words if you've got a player on your team who's helping your team then keep him there don't let him go away you know and i think that's really what's been hurting uh uh the uh Rangers
Notably, Tiger was perhaps the biggest player in the yen "carry trade"--borrowing yen and investing the proceeds in dollars--and its short position in the yen put it in a position to benefit from troubles throughout Asia.
Golf players can often play on local private courses with proof of their home club membership.
While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined, knowledge-based product development process, the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively.
but they all do i guess it's it's cyclical i guess as the players get older get slower
When lured out of retirement a year ago--he was "bored to death" of fishing and golfing--the Pacers had just finished a miserable 39-43 season, had missed the playoffs, and were led by a core of aging, disgruntled players.
Castro once roared fire and brimstone down on the Batista government here, but today you’ll find more pacific chess and domino players who have set up all-hours tables on the steps.
Intestinal calcium absorption is increased after feeding a low calcium diet or under conditions of increased calcium needs, such as during growth, via a parathyroid hormone (PTH)-vitamin D mediated process [ 3 ] . A lowering of serum calcium levels stimulates the secretion of PTH that then activates the renal conversion of inactive 25-hydroxyvitamin D to the active hormonal metabolite 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D. At the intestine, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, acting through a nuclear receptor, stimulates transcription of vitamin D-mediated genes, including calbindin D, involved in calcium transport thereby acting as the primary hormonal regulator of active intestinal calcium transport [ 3 ] . It is thus likely that any putative key molecular player in calcium absorption, such as CaT1 or ECaC1, should be a prime target for hormonal regulation by 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D. However, to date, neither CaT1 nor ECaC1 expression has been shown to be related to serum 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D or vitamin D status [ 10 16 ] .
she oh gosh she would run the tape player from the minute she went to go do her aerobics and she used to do like um filing at the hospital
Contrary to the Gatorade ad, the magazine reports with admiration that Hamm "sees herself as a solid cog in a remarkably powerful machine" and "refuses to acknowledge that she's a player with unique gifts."
Taylor, one of the major wine players, recently opened an excellent hotel in Pinhão, the appropriately named Vintage House.
The other players are in their positions, doing their jobs.
do you have any players that you like watching
And in the simplest sense, having two big players in the market is not meaningfully different from having three.
Different players are given different colored chips to avoid confusion.
What involvement did other key players have in connection with these accountability failures?
like Buffalo who weren't certainly weren't a powerhouse uh ten years ago now they've been able to get some good players and come around and the New Orleans the same story and uh
He is shown leading the debate society, the fencing club, the French club, the chess club, and the "Max Fischer Players," who perform wildly inappropriate dramatizations of such films as Serpico to undiscriminating audiences.
Loud players, dramatically placed chips, and flying dice all revolve around a set of complex betting rules and the fact that seven is more likely to be rolled than any other number.
The classical pay-off matrix for the Prisoner's Dilemma defines values which satisfy the required inequality T > R > P > S, and R > (T + S) / 2 [ 18 19 20 ] (The latter inequality is to prevent the possibility that players collude and split the payoffs).
you know Channel X gives you the best coverage you know we were on the scene with our team players you know
Players with handles like "nineball" and "fatso" just outplay me.
You’ll also see a rare male figure among the collection, and the beautiful Harp Player — a more complex carving in the same style.
The importance of integrity can not be overstated, if the key players don't have integrity, not much else matters.
you know the best football players and all the opera singers still have coaches and i don't know why you couldn't
Passages from Jordan's new autobiography emphasize his profound respect for the game of basketball, his coaches, and the star players who came before him.
Unlike bingo, however, the odds are shifted in that players circle random numbers on a purchased ticket and wait for a fixed set of numbers to be drawn.
At the same time, the proposed cabinet department, even with its multiple missions, will still be just one of many players with important roles and responsibilities for ensuring homeland security.
they've got a lot of high dollar players i tell you
they've got i mean they've got some excellent players uh
well i think the Phillies picked up some good players in the free agent market didn't they
well i mean as far as the the top players you know like the ones they have this year you know
um-hum oh yeah it it has a stereo and a cassette player and um it he's told me it gets forty two miles to gallon
yeah they'll probably be pretty good and course the Celtics they're always really really good too with their players
definitely well he was a good player i guess
uh players
um isn't that the one that was like the star player was Danny Ainge i think he started playing for the Boston Boston Celtics after that
but what about his players uh and their reactions to him and his uh kind of unorthodox professional football type uh coaching
a uh one of these jam box portable dual cassette players
no i haven't heard anything lately um but then again i haven't bought any CDs lately i had a CD player and i just moved from Washington about two years ago and uh when i was in Washington in DC i i gave my CD player to my sister because i was going to buy another one
the only problem is it's not large enough it only holds about i think they squeezed when Ryan struck out his five thousandth player they they squeezed about forty thousand people in there
you know i think sometimes it's interesting we we really watch the big name players and but they have to have a solid team underneath or else they really don't don't go anywhere
i don't understand that i thought that he was always a good player
I know we only won 22 games [out of 82] but if you look at impact players as a rookie, I thought I had the greatest impact."
even though one player can carry a bulk of the of the scoring load you know you have to have the other players there to complement him and finally with uh Pippen and some of the Horace Grant some of the other guys are coming right along
Anything less than zero means the player is a net miscreant.
when you said Scruggs i was thinking because Earl Scruggs is a real famous banjo player a real famous blue grass player
He sees all the players as serving a very narrowly defined self-interest.
and and and you've immediately uh now you got you you go out to the ball park and your favorite player is not there anymore and you say you've got you've got to learn his replacement but do you get any local uh do they broadcast games locally or televise them locally
When the bubble burst, entire companies vanished, and the major players have barely struggled to stay afloat.
but they've Dallas has always been good ahead you know heading good players and and both running
They were "as strong on the mound and in the field as they were at bat; endowed with a bunch of superb role players; blessed with a rare balance of speed and power; managed by a man of calming temperament."
so i i think that's kind of the Mavericks problem they have okay players but sometimes the strongness of the team isn't together
Usually he collects role players.)
well i i think a lot of them uh uh kind of like me i i cheer i like players you know certain players and so i root for those teams and Brigham Young University of course is pretty big up here
Since female players are weaker and slower their play is more offense-oriented and therefore more exciting to watch.
i like to watch the Oakland A's play they have a lot of good players too but i haven't watched them for a while so i don't know how they're doing too well this season
The National Basketball Association is back in business . NBA Commissioner David Stern, representing the owners, and union chief Billy Hunter, representing the players, struck a deal one day before the league was expected to cancel the rest of the season.
you know even um like orchestra orchestra players can find a job sometimes in Europe when they can't find one here and um i'm a trumpet player
The piece focuses on the inspirational story of teammates and opponents praying for him on the field while doctors worked on him feverishly, but treads lightly around the NFL's dirty little not-so-secret: namely, that because of the incredible increases in the size, strength, and speed of the players, serious spinal and head injuries are becoming more common all the time.
he's he really goes for it and he's a good little player you know so
In the case of actress Robin Givens, Mike Tyson's ex, her wedding day actually was the only day of her marriage to Yugoslavian tennis player Svetozar Marinkovic, according to last week's Globe . At a party after the ceremony she reportedly announced, "Svetozar is the man of my dreams and I plan to spend the rest of my life with him."
i watch certain players
During the softball season my husband and I got to know many of the team parents and were particularly taken with the extended family of a ninth-grader, a new player on the team.
oh ah well that's good do they is is baseball for young kids there a big thing do they start them out early or where do they get all these good players from
How can the man who challenged baseball's reserve clause in court--who gave up his career as a professional baseball player in 1970 rather than submit to going to a team for whom he did not wish to play (Philadelphia)--how can such mighty resistance, which this book and all black political correctness greatly prizes, be ignored!
at one time i could name all the players on the Steelers you know and but even when Bradshaw was playing i i don't know i i didn't particularly care for him i thought he was kind of cocky or something uh-huh
By 1980 it was also being used widely in baseball, especially to welcome a player to the plate after a home run (and in this respect is similar to the hugs and other celebratory gestures used by British football players).
yeah they they really didn't do good at all for us up here and that's that's too bad because they were they were some good players they are some good players on the Patriots team you know and
This time they say he is outperformed by co-star Gheorghe Muresan, a 7-foot-7-inch basketball player who can hardly speak English.
yeah we have a restaurant over here called Gershwin's that has a piano player always during your mealtime and it
The film stars Rip Torn and Emmy winner Andre Braugher, riveting as a priest leading his players in a drive to integrate school athletics.
well the only thing that San Francisco may have done differently is that they've done a good job in the last few years of of getting rid of their older players and and bringing up new a bunch of new people
The paper concludes the judge wanted to "send a message to key players in the White House intern scandal."
but when you get two strikes on you you have a tendency you know you should you know shorten your swing a little bit you know if it's a perfect shot go for it but i mean you know the strike outs were a big problem for him and uh plus supposedly what i heard he was not much of a team player anyway so
We pull back into space, and the spinning globe morphs into a basketball, the stars around it outlining a player and a hoop.
okay well uh so what do you think about golfing are you a spectator or a player
This sort of jingoism is unworthy of "News Quiz" players, who might charitably have pointed out how graciously the English have transformed themselves from a ruthless imperial power into a vast island museum that still believes itself to be a ruthless imperial power.
what do you call those little AM radios and now people have jam box with CD players in them you know
Determined to establish his distance from the Ciba issue, McGreevey has cited newspaper reports in which major players on the bill say they have no memory of his involvement.
not too much um who is it from the Mavericks that just wasn't there some controversy about one of their players that didn't get to play so now he doesn't he didn't get to play the whole game so now he doesn't want to play at all or something
Jack Roosevelt (US baseball No Yes Yes No No player)
yeah i i got a CD player about four or five years ago and i've been buying CD's but um you know i'm not trying to
He found many of the players incorrigibly apathetic or self-absorbed.
well i i think a lot of them uh uh kind of like me i i cheer i like players you know certain players and so i root for those teams and Brigham Young University of course is pretty big up here
Jazz forward Karl Malone, who edged out Jordan in this year's vote for the league's Most Valuable Player, gave Jordan the game-winning opportunity by bricking two free throws with nine seconds left.
yeah who's who's who he used to be on the Mets a long time ago but who's who's who else is like Texas's big players that that uh
"As a professional football player, he'd been physically threatened by other players for refusing to join a strike."
you know one of these days when i get a new car maybe i guess all of them probably will have CDs players by then but uh i'm not planning on doing that for a while i just got mine paid off so i'm going to stick with the cassettes and and uh you know until
Genovese transformed the debate by making slaves, at long last, central and even powerful players in shaping their own lives.
that's that's the primary reason that some of these older that you know that the old players don't play as well
What Nash showed was that in every such game there is what has become known as a "Nash equilibrium": a set of strategies, one for each player, such that no player can improve his situation by switching to a different strategy.
um Steve Young was from BYU and uh Jim McMahon was he's not he's not one of my favorite players personality or otherwise but he did play here so that you know provides a little bit of interest
The exorbitant salaries have inspired modern players to train year-round, building strength and stamina with their new regimens.
Labor disputes in professional sports have centered on whether teams, and therefore players, would be subject to a hard salary cap or a soft salary cap , "hard" and "soft" in this instance meaning, essentially, "enforceable" and "unenforceable."
so they turned it around but yeah they have a lot of young exciting players now up
What holds the film together is Zellweger's Ellen, and not because of anything she does but because she's the only major player who seems to be listening.
and uh you know i didn't care for the Showboats much but i did like a couple of their players
The NHL buys the best hockey players from eastern Europe.
that's that's in uh Texas stadium where the football players play
At the close of yesterday's drama, Congressional players were confronted with the bittersweet question of what they would do next.
uh yeah and he uh when when they had uh injury problems with some of their major players uh he actually put on a uniform and went out and played
("The computer gets smarter every day," said Professor Jonathan Schaeffer, who led the team that programmed Chinook, "and human players like Dr. Tinsley and Lafferty just get older."
well you choose players and you do stuff based on stats and everything like that so he's always talking to me about the American League
Re David Plotz's Nov. 12 article "Sin City 1, Puritans 0": I am 253 pounds of big-eating ex-football player.
they won't be as functional as like a cassette player where if you heard something
They seem to have been much more preoccupied with a certain black football player's murder trial.
but uh i mean you got to be a total player when you're in the pros
, top right) is given to the New York state budget accord, the paper's front page is dominated by a large photo of deal players Gingrich, Kasich, and Domenici and three budget-related articles.
and drafted so many bad players and you know they haven't turned out
And remember how, in The Player , Richard E. Grant keeps pitching a project called "Habeas Corpus" about a woman on Death Row who falls in love with her lawyer?
yeah it's uh it's just too bad it's you know like the players that do drugs or do you know are alcoholics they just have a problem
MLS allows only five foreigners on its 20-man rosters, a move that cuts costs while guaranteeing playing time for home-grown players.
they've got some great players on that team
What free agency has done is transfer those payments that would have gone to small-market teams to the players themselves.
be interesting to see how the the Olympics does this year with all the the NBA players playing on the Olympic team
The Bullets kept assigning different players to cover him, but Jordan seemed to be emitting some kind of paralysis beam.
but if uh Jerry Jones continues to pay these guys what you know they say they're paying them i don't know you know i think it depends on you end up you know the best players will come there if they're going to be paid the most so
Other coaches give their players vast freedom.
she had gotten one of those uh laser disc players and we used to get uh some movies which is kind of hard with kids sometimes to you know
Likewise a 485 verbal wouldn't get you into the Princeton Class of 1965, if you weren't also a star basketball player.
and after a while you get to where yeah you start watching who plays well and who doesn't i think Tom Kite is another good player
Then he let his players do their jobs.
i mean they're all the size of football players you know
6 modem T1 connection Download Windows Media Player
well actually he was uh as as a coach he learned his trade under Landry but as uh as a player i remember seeing him as a young man
(In other pro leagues, players sign contracts with teams.)
uh and and begin to reacquire skills i inevitably fall in love with country western music which tends to be in some ways easy to play for a for a new piano player
More recently, however, Republicans have insinuated--and the news media have reflected--the view that Reno is not just a team player, but a political shill for the White House.
yeah it does hopefully some of their players will come through and they got Tim Raines a veteran and they got Carlton Fisk he's you know still pretty solid a lot of experience
An obituary mourns Mona May Karff, pioneering woman chess player.
and the best players play and the ones that are just barely new sit on the bench most of the time they play a little bit just like what you just said
And is the current crop of players as good as those who played in the halcyon days of the '30s, '50s, and '60s?
and it went right up over my head and i came up spittering and sputtering for air and they were all the basketball players there to play the Cavaliers they were all like uh like six eight and
Winning players won't accept the kind of bullying Parcells dishes out.
are you a player
The players are Brobdingnagians, and their conflicts, aptly epic.
uh now i'm just more of a recreational sport player i don't really do much exercising other than i play softball five or six nights a week and
The NYT runs the indictments story inside, adding that a nationwide survey of Division I basketball and football players showed that 4 percent said they had gambled on a game they had played in.
they were kind of expensive when she got that player uh we did not have too many movies we used to watch Airplane over and over and over again i mean have you ever seen that movie
The game's current stars declared Woods the best player in the world and possibly in history.
when you said Scruggs i was thinking because Earl Scruggs is a real famous banjo player a real famous blue grass player
The reader may be most amused by lesser players like Mark Canton, the credit-hungry head of production at Columbia, who pathetically asked the producers of A Few Good Men to thank him publicly at the premiere (they did) and implored Nick Nolte to thank him if he got a Golden Globe award for Prince of Tides (Nolte won, but didn't).
yeah that's kind of that's kind of strange it's too much running for me in in college football i like i like the pros they do you know it's more high tech more you know players players are apt to act a little bit different when they when their jobs and their when it's a job and not just
I think you've got one thing exactly right: The Sopranos works so well precisely because it is understated, because it is the opposite of the operatic Godfather . Together, The Godfather and The Sopranos make up some kind of whole, but here's the fundamental difference between them: Every mobster I've ever met imagines himself a player in The Godfather . I interviewed Sammy Gravano a few weeks ago and he said as much; The Godfather invested the lives of mobsters, who are in fact seedy and boring characters, with honor and drama.
yeah oh and library went well today yes Harold Reynolds who's a Mariner baseball player uh came to school today and they had lunch in the library of all things
Time 's package on the Microsoft antitrust case features an interview with Assistant Attorney General Joel Klein; thumbnail sketches of the major players; a long rundown of Microsoft's many holdings, partnerships, and investments; and a short history of Netscape's meteoric rise and subsequent fragility.
so i'd like to see college basketball and all the other sports go back to being amateurs i i don't care about seeing the best players in the world play i like to see uh the people going to Texas just play and the ones that are in class and and like to see athletes uh
Hunter S. Thompson once said of Circus Circus, the casino where craps players and flying trapeze artists mingle beneath a billowing canopy, that it was what hepcats all over the world would be doing on Saturday night if the Germans had won World War II.
so and that's the name of the game too you got to make money you know they pay these players so much money now it's just
In playgrounds across America, young basketball players eschew team play in favor of taking on defenders one-on-one, dunking, and "taking over the game" in crunch time, because they want to "be like Mike," as the advertisements say.
you know i'm the opposing teams best player so so to speak so
He failed as a coach for the reason that other great players have failed as coaches: He thought about himself too much.
His extraordinary Card Game (1917) uses those "contrasting forms" to reconfigure a traditional genre subject (Cézanne's Card Players is the most familiar example).
we actually went down to the mall in uh Washington and saw uh you know all the players down there and they had a big rally down there and so it was surprising how big those guys were i mean they they look big on the field but they're even bigger in person though
(Incidentally, the House GOP's top four leaders are now ex-wrestling coach Hastert, ex-college professor Dick Armey, ex-exterminator Tom DeLay, and ex-football player J.C.
he doesn't seem to course i have a lot of players that i think are really super i think Isaiah Thomas is just great and uh i think uh he
(Europe is already grabbing MLS's best: Goalkeeper Brad Friedel went to Liverpool last season, and more top MLS players may follow him.)
i am a player but certainly not a good player uh the highlight of my season is probably the four times i get under a hundred
But the real business of casinos is not about what happens once a player sits down at a blackjack table or in front of a slot machine.
uh no just in P E uh it's it's pretty big here in high school and they've they've had several players um picked in the draft you know they they're picked in lower rounds
The Journal also reports on the trend of professional sports teams offering player education programs in an attempt to keep their new millionaires out of trouble.
oh well good so you're a player then instead of a spectator then
This summer's World Cup will distract fans and remove the league's best players for two months in the middle of the season.
oh two players this year that they got rid of last year i'll think of them in a minute Perkins Sam Perkins can't think of the other one they're both
It seems to be the tasteful name for some kind of high-roller area, "the ultimate club for Keno, Slot, Bingo and Table Game players."
and since i am not a tennis player um you know i don't get that but i am you know i am between i am in my late forties so um there aren't many people you know that want to do that most of the people that are in the classes are young mothers
The player who has devised a `double' provides to the others a definition, whereupon they try to respond with the precise double.
right the i think the best thing that you can do is go with um the players that are
Other coaches piggybacked to the top on star players: Any idiot--and coach Barry Switzer is that idiot--could have won a Super Bowl with the Dallas Cowboys' talent.
so yes it's it's it's become a big part of our lives even though we're late players
Hatch zinged McCain by saying his Arizona colleague was "starting to sound like an accordion player who only knows one tune--'Lady of Spain.
they've got good individual players but some are getting old Robert Parish is thirty seven years old
While it's true that expansion temporarily diluted the talent pool, the DH artificially increased offense, and players have gained the economic upper hand, there is a widespread consensus that the quality of the game itself is as good as or better than ever . Improvements in hitting have been matched by craftier pitching (by such hurlers as Atlanta's Greg Maddux and Baltimore's Mike Mussina).
um well i think all college players have to do an initial drug test at a certain point prior to the season and from that point on uh
Their superficial spin is that male players whip off their shirts all the time, and women should be able to do the same.
and uh even then once they got him they didn't make the play-offs for a couple years they had to gradually build up a supporting cast because you can't just win with one player in the NBA you have to have a a you know a good solid team
But my guess, too, would be that the cyber-revolution would have happened sooner or later anyway, maybe in somewhat different form, with other players.
Others ascribe it to a high-school basketball player in a McDonald's All-America game.
Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there, and tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey player Wayne Gretzky and basketball player Bill Russell--though Culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press release she picked up as she left.
All these figures, brought down in political scandals, have nonetheless managed to re-establish themselves as players in Washington.
And hence if Congress defeats the Clinton administration's proposal to pony up $18 billion for the IMF, the Asian economic players will be at least confused and possibly hostile.
The chief whipping boy, U.S. coach Steve Sampson, is accused of having panicked, fielded too many rookies, and benched or cut veteran players over petty personality conflicts.
The real business is about getting that player to sit down at your table and not the table at the casino across the street.
With the papers relentlessly rah-rahing over the latest exploits of the home team, often, amazingly, on the front page, it's sobering to take in the NYT op-ed on the rampant criminality of professional football players.
MLS relies heavily on , assigning foreign players to cities where they'll be most popular.
Also, the magazine says graphite rackets (power over technique) and charmless players are ruining tennis.
And MLS players have filed a lawsuit to end the single-entity league.
The NYT has a classic obit to show off today, about the best polo player ever, Cecil Smith; the piece, by Frank Litsky, effortlessly takes the reader back to the days when the sport was played by the likes of Walt Disney and Will Rogers, and tens of thousands watched games.
Hockey legend Wayne Gretzky is retiring . Known as "The Great One," he holds the National Hockey League records for goals (894), assists (1,962), and most valuable player awards (nine).
An article on the fund-raising scandal suggests that the White House is terrified at the prospect of more Ickes documents, more China revelations, and the possible cooperation of key players like John Huang.
Both papers report that all players in the controversy--including Ken Starr and Paula Jones' lawyers--deny leaking the depo.
The Microsoft case demonstrates that antitrust statutes punish dominant market players and should be more laissez-fare.
"It makes logical sense to align ourselves with a major player in the industry.
Scalia, notes the Times , went on to claim that the decision does not abrogate all "genuine but innocuous differences in the ways men and women routinely interact with members of the same sex and of the opposite sex," and all the papers give his example: a football coach slapping a player's rear on the way to the field would be lawful, while the same gesture directed at the coach's (female or male) secretary might not be.
But that fraternity might have included some rough players itself.
The resulting collective consciousness is captured in Nike ads that depict the players doing everything together.
However, players might well make their own rules.
Or should I just relax and consider their gifts a generous expression of their appreciation for my daughter's leadership and mentoring of the younger player throughout the year?
His academic writings on how to interpret facial expressions have been used by lawyers to figure out which potential jurors to eject during voir dire and by gamblers to figure out the giveaway signs of a card player's bluff.
23 practice jersey (love that) and sits around waiting for the real players to show up for the morning workout.
Defenders see a double standard: Critics don't blame white players (Steffi Graf and Mary Pierce) for their fathers' misbehavior, so why should Williams be blamed for her father's?
First, from a purely historical point of view, I don't see how anyone can view the Internet as more important than any number of communications media that have preceded it: the printing press, the telegraph, the telephone, the phonograph player, the television among them.
("Alligator Blood: A compliment given to an outstanding player who proves himself unflappable under great pressure.
To commemorate Robinson's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago, no player will ever again be assigned the number 42.
Then a third player acts as arbiter and decides which one wins (in this case, a butterfly, because the butterfly flaps its wings and sets into a motion a chain of events that ends with Rupert Murdoch slipping on a banana peel and falling into a cement mixer).
And the Brazilian players talked of being told that soccer "isn't for women."
Actually, it's a possibility: I don't know any of the LTCM players personally, but some of the hedge fund types I do know are, as my correspondent puts it, "about as moral as great white sharks."
Others, such as managers of retail tennis shops, coaches, and regular players (who number in the thousands) seem to be totally in the dark about such matters as the proper distinction between paddle tennis and platform tennis and whether the terms paddleball and racquetball are interchangeable.
The Chicago Tribune once witnessed the tennis player John McEnroe "swearing at personal demons."
As it turns out, In the Company of Men is only tangentially about woman-hating; it's actually about male corporate culture, in which the players find it endlessly exciting to screw one another.
Right now, the site is most helpful to the minor candidates, whom it gives the same weight as the major players.
The city is where the real players live.
Cody Shearer is a man with many connections, able to convince Bosnian Serbs, Cheyennes and, unintentionally, Washington Clinton-haters that he is a player, a person who makes things happen.
You might choose some plausible criteria such as players' lifetime batting averages and salaries, the coaches' years of professional experience, and so on.
The LAT front reports that just two days before the NCAA Final Four tournament game, a federal grand jury in Chicago has indicted two former Northwestern University players on charges of attempting to fix the outcome of games for the benefit of bettors during the 1994-1995 college season.
McCain talks until your notebook is full, your tape player is out of batteries and your pen is out of ink.
An article celebrates the return to favor of jazz pianist Keith Jarrett, whose sharp tongue is nearly as famous as his music (he disses Wynton Marsalis as a "talented high-school trumpet player").
President, if the season begins with replacement players, would you throw out the first ball?"
You might think, from the attention paid to Ron Fitzsimmons' recantation, that he was a major player in the abortion debate.
Initially the issues were legion, the ramifications seemingly kaleidoscopic, the players unsure of their positions.
This being a book by a player, we asked another player to review it.
"If St. Louis wins, Tennessee drops all criminal charges currently pending against the Rams' players, and vice versa."
Big Al can be a tough, mean player.
AOL will now be one of the country's key cable providers, which means that it can position itself as a dominant player in the high-speed-cable-modem world.
Nezavisimaya Gazeta said the conflict had given Russia an opportunity to be a key player again on the international stage, while Moskovsky Komsomolets said that Primakov could not lose out in any event.
That's what News Quiz players cite.
For the most part, lottery players prefer a small chance of a big payout to a bigger chance of a smaller payout.
The Braves collect tens of millions from their nationally broadcast games and strong ticket sales, and they pay lavishly for players.
His teams are teams . (In Parcells' coaching career, he has had only one player who can legitimately be called a superstar: Giants linebacker Lawrence Taylor.
The WP editorial on the budget manages not to feel Mr. Clinton's gain, saying of all the players: "They reached belated agreement on a single massive bill that takes the place of eight lesser bills they should have passed earlier.
He complained his players didn't care about the game the way he did.
Could Bird manage a different group of players?
Early on, he specialized in admiring portraits of successful young men: Bradley as a star college basketball player, Thomas Hoving at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
2. "On Saturday night, at an event called Columbine Surprise Party, players from the Denver Broncos and the Colorado Rockies mingled with students and family.
Russia's re-emergence as a big player in the Kosovo crisis was a major story across Europe Wednesday, with papers giving contrasting interpretations of this week's talks in Moscow between U.S.
One thing that separates intuitive artists from hacks and "players" is their difficulty doing even mediocre work when their cylinders aren't firing.
Malone's detractors argued that his choking performance proved the NBA had been foolish to give him its Most Valuable Player award.
College basketball coach Al McGuire once said that, whereas many coaches took white players and tried to get them to play black, he took black players and tried to get them to play white.
It's only when the plot forces him to hide the cards of certain players, which it does periodically, that my disbelief is unsuspended.
And players like Marco Etcheverry, Carlos Valderrama, Jaime Moreno, Preki, and Eric Wynalda would be thrilling in any league.
Michael Hoffman, the director and "screenwriter" of the all-star movie called William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream (evidently to distinguish it from Stephen King's A Midsummer Night's Dream ), has wedged the play into a weirdly inapposite setting, has stupidly cut and even more stupidly embellished it, and has miscast it almost to a player.
Editor's Note: Michael Isikoff's Uncovering Clinton recounts the events of Flytrap from the perspective of a reporter who in investigating the story became a key player in it, since news that his article might appear in Newsweek precipitated Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr's hurried investigation into President Clinton's dalliance with Monica Lewinsky.
The sophisticated spin: Black, mixed-race, and second-generation French players (led by Zidane, the Muslim son of Algerian immigrants) beat the team that had been embraced, overhyped, and overcommercialized by the global sports media and business elite.
Soccer Federation, the Post says the players are "determined to promote and pay themselves better than they believe the [USSF] has."
She brought a record player, we brought our 45s (my contribution was "Rock Around the Clock"), and two dozen 11- and 12-year-olds danced for two hours!
What Nash showed was that in every such game there is what has become known as a "Nash equilibrium": a set of strategies, one for each player, such that no player can improve his situation by switching to a different strategy.
People with the predatory instincts that led Picasso to become an artist in late 19 th century Spain become takeover specialists or basketball players or filmmakers in our culture.
All along, Michael Isikoff was a player in this story, and he has written a player's book.
It is not sporting of Spikey to dump on his source to provide cover for his own deep activity as a deep player in this drama.
If the fast-food world had only three players, and McDonalds's proposed to buy out Burger King, how reassured would we be if they offered the palliative of selling a few franchises to Taco Bell?
If the ESPN report is true, players, tutors, and administrators will be subject to punishment under the school's honor code and NCAA guidelines.
The Alliance includes such educational policy power players as the NEA and the AFT and its principal goals include establishing tougher course work and making schools safer.
Unlike many self-centered and pampered athletes of the '90s, Scottie Pippen is recognized by his peers and in the league as one of the more giving players to disadvantaged youth.
And as the example of the auto industry suggests, having two or three major players in an industry is qualitatively different from having just one.
The high-five was originally a gesture developed for use in basketball, where it first appeared among the University of Louisville team in the 1979-80 season; Louisville player Derek Smith claims to have coined the name.
6 modem T1 connection Download Windows Media Player
And a player to be named later.
Which player will win the game?
Making no concessions for the uninformed, the spot assumes viewers are familiar with its principal players and references.
Checkers masters stared down their Armageddon a few years ago, when a powerful computer program named Chinook forged a tie with the second-best checkers player in the world, Don Lafferty.
Open, particularly Congressional Country Club's blue course, rewards conservative, risk-averse players.
The players remain committed to their academic work.
To commemorate Robinson's shattering of the color barrier in sports 50 years ago, no player will ever again be assigned the number 42.
Of course, if you believe that big, supposedly sophisticated players can be that foolish--or, for that matter, if you believe that they are not foolish but do foolish things because the government will always bail them out--you start to wonder whether our whole financial structure is as sound as we like to imagine.
The LAT runs a story inside by one-time biographer David Shaw that provides a bit of evidence for the claim: Shaw writes of a time that he was out at a restaurant with Chamberlain and Chamberlain's date when the player excused himself to get the phone number of a woman at another table.
These players are much better than the low-stakes players and take my money in a hurry.
Newsweek , picking up the "selflessness" theme, praises U.S. players who "accepted diminished roles" and offered "to do anything I'm asked for this team."
Today, players can shop their talents to the highest bidder one year after their contract expires.
The cover story totes up the huge costs of Kenneth Starr's investigation for major players and innocent bystanders alike.
But the Washington Post is a little stronger on context, pointing out that Symington was a major player in the impeachment and removal from office of Meacham.
What we get instead is a trip in the sand: Jooky in hand, a volleyball player falls flat on his face.
A third school, influenced by male sports marketing, selects certain players on the women's team and pitches them as solo stars.
To further confuse things, the LAT and NYT quote Clinton administration players as saying that the official U.S.
yeah i do i'm a player i i'm kind of embarrassed i'm talking to a man cause i'm sure that you are you play a lot more than i do oh really
GE97, in addition to polls, rundowns of the players, backgrounders on salient issues, events calendars, chat groups, and a wrap up of current betting odds, allows you to build your own "party manifesto."
He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each player did right, and provided an "imaging" tape for each player, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
Typically assumed to be a high-roller card game, baccarat (bah-cah-rah) is similar to blackjack, though it’s played with stricter rules, higher limits, and less player interaction.
And what's perplexing about this, particularly in light of the Microsoft case, is that mergers often have an immediate anti-competitive impact, in the simplest sense that they reduce the number of players in a market.
That they were the incarnation of the dreams of 1968 seems a stretch, to say the least, even if some of the important players came out of the original cast.
In a 1995 tape of an NFL Players Association meeting obtained by the New York Times , an association official boasts of having secretly convinced the NFL to overlook 16 positive drug tests.
The story says that as a Knick, he routinely held on to an opposing player's shorts and even garners a quote from the man 26 years later: "He was one of the dirtiest players I ever played against."
He apologized, but his main goal was image repair: he was accompanied, says the Post , by his agent, his accountant, his tax man, his teammates, the president of the players' union, several other advisors, and.
Despite the general consensus that DiMaggio was exactly the kind of quiet, workmanlike player that is practically gone from today's courts and fields, a sort of anti-Rodman, if you will, it's useful to note, as the WSJ does, that in 1938 DiMaggio held out for more money (he wanted at least $40,000 and the Yankees were offering $25,000.)
uh-huh and Anderson Hunt all their uh their best players i think are graduating
Player Bird was a maximalist; Coach Bird is a minimalist.
Not even Robert Altman, who parodied this sort of climax in The Player , was cynical enough to let his sellout filmmaker play the intravenous card.
Since this way of framing the conflict treats NATO but not Yugoslavia as a rational player susceptible to threats, punishment, failure, and re-evaluation, Yugoslavia is happy to encourage it.
Parcells runs his training camps and practices with a drill sergeant's discipline: He abuses and needles players to inspire them.
This museum is like a walk-in scrapbook, with framed snapshots, newspaper clippings, and memorabilia, such as King Tribhuvan’s goldfish tank, bicycle, and record player.
Lottery players, by and large, must be risk-lovers--otherwise they'd buy Treasury bonds instead of lottery tickets.
i can't you know i'm not going to decide i don't like them just because they're having a few bad years i mean i think they'll pull out of it and you know they'll they'll wind up being good again they've got some lot of really good young players that are going to
He tacked inspirational quotes to players' doors, emphasized what each player did right, and provided an "imaging" tape for each player, consisting of her best moves set to her favorite music.
Even if suppliers in other businesses will not make the specific operational changes of an apparel-maker, an increasing number are establishing information links with other channel players and combining information use with technologies and work practices to speed up order processing.
Set in a quaint olde Irish seacoast village, it tells the story of an elderly lottery player, Jackie O'Shea (Ian Bannen), who learns that one of his fifty-odd neighbors holds the winning ticket to a 7 million pound drawing.
Both Airbus and Boeing have bombarded their planes with cell waves and failed to record any interference; Boeing still recommends that phones not be used in the air--but to prevent electronic interference similar to (though slightly stronger than) that of a laptop or CD player.
But in the match-up between AOL and Microsoft--at least in the online space--the giant from Redmond has proved time and again to be the decidedly weaker player.
Baseball has always been about money, but even more so since the 1975 repeal of the "reserve clause ." The reserve clause bound players to teams (or the teams they were traded to) for life.
The ANC won more than 60 percent of the vote and the National Party won 20 percent, making Mandela president and de Klerk only a secondary player.
Despite the assertions of some CEOs, while one key player can make a difference, it requires a team of talented executives to add shareholder value and manage shareholder risk over time.
The greatest tribute to Bird is that his players now play as he used to.
RINGO is the ring game for ages 5 to 105 that challenges players to use a swinging motion to catch the hook on the ring.
We goad baseball player Albert Belle so much that All-Star-game manager Joe Torre must confine him to the dugout.
The maximum player salary will be capped at $14 million, with a maximum annual increase of 12 percent, and the players' total share of league revenues will be capped at 55 percent after three years.
Sportswriters were happy for 1) Florida State receiver Peter Warrick , the undisputed star of the game, who "redeemed" himself after last year's arrest and suspension for theft; 2) Florida State coach Bobby Bowden, who got his first undefeated season and second national championship in 40 years of coaching; and 3) the Virginia Tech players , who "put season-long criticism of their toughness to rest" with a valiant comeback attempt.
on draft day he's got about thirty people that are going out to their potential players
When some of his Giants players had drug problems, Parcells spent a week at a rehab center, scouting if it was good enough for his men.
and the way he hits he's just really he's got kind of a funny swing but beyond that he's really he seems a very confident player and he does
Explorations along the west coast of Africa in the mid-15th century established a flourishing slave trade, and Lagos was a key player in human commerce.
who uh they're real good players but they seem to just depend on them to produce a pennant and it it doesn't it isn't working
And we mustn’t overlook the players.
um i like Hebert um oh you don't know Hebert Laws but Hebert Laws is a flute player he's a jazz flute player and i like um
Keno is a variation of bingo in which the player chooses numbers to bet on before the draw is made.
but you still better have the key players in place if something does go down even if it's a regional conflict
well is he a fragile uh football player you know they had an end or a a wingback or something like that that would go down the field and and uh he did real good for the Cowboys and every time he turned around he was getting hurt
It is one of the most exclusive, too, though somewhat democratized these days by the groups of boules players on its graveled side paths.
i think it is and when when the players themselves are turning down contracts that are three or four years in duration for three or four million dollars a year looking for more money yet
For antiques, the dominant player is the Desa chain (though there are many smaller, independent dealers as well).
All players are, on average, fitter in the sense of surviving as species for much longer periods, yet the ecosystem appears self-organized critical with a power law distribution of extinction events.
He couldn't keep a band together, and he was being outpaced by younger players, such as pianist Cecil Taylor and saxophonist Ornette Coleman, who wanted to liberate jazz from harmonic conventions.
As the newest player in the open-access arena, PLoS Biology has further enriched the growing espritdes-corps of publishing and has already improved undergraduate education.
i think that's their main problem uh they seem to have have stuck with the same core of players uh Robin Yount Paul Molitor and Jim Gantner
Sepak Takraw is a kind of volleyball played with a ball made of rattan, which the players can hit with every part of their body except hands and forearms.
The word matachines can translate to mean “clowning” or “trickery,” but can also mean “puppet player,” “jester,” and “buffoon.”
The paper reports that Thompson's players now achieve only a 59 percent graduation rate compared to an overall rate for freshmen at the school of about 90 percent.
Fourth, the various players involved in addressing HIV and who are working in closely adjacent fields need to interact more and partner with each other, and there needs to be greater inclusion of civil society in campaigns to raise HIV/AIDS awareness and reduce stigma.
players now days compared with the old players it seems like most the players today are
The lightning-fast Basque version of handball, jai-alai, is played in Acapulco at the Frontón, where tournaments attract numerous fans of the peloteiros as the players are called.
I don't have a DVD player, an MP3 player, or a Palm Pilot.
In such situations, variation in payoffs among individual players is again likely to affect the outcome and the probability of cooperation.
i'd like to have a compact disk player in a car that would be something that i would really like those compact disks really are good for cars because they don't melt they don't warp you know there's nothing in there that can wrap around the the uh
And as far as cricket is concerned, Caribbean players have turned the tables on their colonial mentors and now produce some of the best players in the world, easily capable of soundly outplaying the Brits.
As a simple example, overfitting occurs when a sports announcer reports that a baseball player had a very high batting average against left-handed pitchers in ballpark X over the past month.
and and they've made a whole team history of trading away players that become all stars later on so
So this is the case for leaving Microsoft alone: High-tech competition is, necessarily, a competition that ends up being won by a handful of players.
With minimum wagers as low as 5¢ and a distinct lack of potentially impatient players waiting for you to decide your next move, electronic gaming is an alternative that many novice gamblers never move beyond.
Recent evidence indicates that the cytokine, leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF) and its functional binding to the high affinity receptor, a heterodimer between low-affinity LIFR and glycoprotein 130 (LIFR:gp130), are players within the HPA cascade of events.
yeah that's kind of that's kind of strange it's too much running for me in in college football i like i like the pros they do you know it's more high tech more you know players players are apt to act a little bit different when they when their jobs and their when it's a job and not just
I have long maintained that in the '70s and early '80s the Yankees acquired and promoted players based on how their names worked in headlines.
For instance, in the center of the courtyard is the Pachisi Court, a huge chessboard for the game of pachisi, where Akbar and his friends are said to have used human “pieces” — each player using a team of four slave-girls in different costumes.
The structural and biochemical properties of PfPP5 described herein are hallmarks of the PP5 class, and thus establish PfPP5 as a likely player in parasitic signal transduction, and hence a potential target for antimalarial drug design.
and it's just incredible to think that there's uh there are players
Nearly everyone knows the game of bingo, the mini-lottery in which players try to line up a horizontal or vertical row of randomly drawn numbers.
Treatments of Prisoners Dilemma, and many other types of games, assume identical payoff matrices (or expected utility), for all players.
the way people talk about uh there's not that it won't be as good as the NFL because uh there's not that many good or quality football players i can't believe that
He now acknowledges that power has shifted to the global market and its private players, who, like George Soros, possess the power to overturn government currency decisions.
And as far as cricket is concerned, Caribbean players have turned the tables on their colonial mentors and now produce some of the best players in the world, easily capable of soundly outplaying the Brits.
While our study suggests that SKP2 is an important player in p27 regulation in prostate cancer cells, recent studies have also implicated another protein, CSN5/JAB1, in p27 regulation [ 54 55 ] . CSN5 is a subunit of the COP9/signalosome (CSN) complex [ 56 57 58 59 ] , but also forms distinct complexes apparently lacking CSN subunits [ 55 60 61 62 ] . Overexpression of CSN5 in NIH3T3 cells causes p27 export from the nucleus and ectopic degradation [ 54 ] . Notably, like SKP2 [ 33 36 37 38 ] , CSN5 was found to be overexpressed in cancers devoid of p27 [ 63 ] . However, our studies did not reveal any effect of MIB on CSN5 expression.
but i never realized you couldn't record onto CD i just never really thought about it because i haven't really looked into it very much i don't have one and and i've never really looked at one very closely but that that would be inconvenient because i have a cassette player in my car now i guess
After all, Bergman, a contract player at the Times , is portrayed by Al Pacino in The Insider and a lesser outfit would have plugged that fact to the (Mira)max.
If a payoff has an expected (mean) value of p , but residual error variance ∈ dependent on the player's utility function, then the actual payoff p' will be:
Our perception of players from nations with more homogenous populations, however, is more orthodox, and we are inclined to be comfortable with the assumptions that Leconte ought to be French, Chesnokov Russian, Sanchez Spanish, Lindstrom Swedish, Sukova Czech, Haarhuis Dutch, etc.
The French team that won the 1998 World Cup was deemed by some unsuitable to represent France because of the mixed heritage of the players.
Organizational support/teamwork: The executive regularly participates in activities and projects intended to further the goals of the Service Delivery Network and VBA as a whole while functioning as a dedicated and skillful team player.
but i was glad to see them get rid of that guy Tarpley although by far the best player they've ever had i guess
Timesmen don't pay much attention to the Post , except to periodically raid the paper--as if it were a minor league team--for some of its better players.
Tee off early: At times, you’ll spend a lot of time waiting for players ahead of you.
It is interesting to briefly consider public goods games, given that they are essentially a generalization of PD to several players in a group.
really didn't need that type of uh player
And during a short career as a Cornhusker football player, he shooed a young Tom Osborne off a practice field.
The central player in RNA-mediated gene silencing is a double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) that is chopped into tiny RNAs by the enzyme Dicer.
Other studies pushed the iterated PD concept further to identify optimal strategies when players' decisions are not made simultaneously [ 11 12 13 ] or when players have payoffs that are not symmetrical [ 14 ] .
Or, since optimal choices would be highly dependent on the identity of players, can single dominant strategies still be devised to deal effectively with opponents with variable payoffs (and therefore with unpredictable strategies).
If anything, the multiplicity of players only reinforces the recommendations that GAO has made in the past regarding the urgent need for a comprehensive threat, risk, and vulnerability assessment and a national homeland security strategy that can provide direction and utility at all levels of government and across all sectors of the country.
Putting a new player into the mix of federal agencies with counterterrorism responsibilities would exacerbate existing information-sharing problems.
It quickly became clear that Yousef had been a central player in the attack.
A variety of outside players other than auditors have been involved in and bear differing degrees of responsibility for some of the recent business failures.
IHS is a major player, with over $265 million of construction activity in
This means much of the mail could not be handled by local niche players or even regional cream skimmers.
Other studies pushed the iterated PD concept further to identify optimal strategies when players' decisions are not made simultaneously [ 11 12 13 ] or when players have payoffs that are not symmetrical [ 14 ] .
During the later part of my tenure with Andersen, I expressed my concerns publicly in several partner meetings and privately to various internal players; however, as someone who had not "grown up" with the firm, I found that my actions to speak up - - especially when my views were not consistent with Arthur Andersen business unit leadership's preferences - - were somewhat counter-cultural.
For example, if rank changes are common, do players playing one type of game in a population of mixed games tend overall to encourage or discourage cooperation in their neighbours?
Bradley's whining about Gore's tactics is, in fact, an essential aspect of his political style and is surely derived from his style as a basketball player.
uh partly because the really outstanding many of the really outstanding players leave college before they turn seniors
But even when players could not freely sell their services on the open market, the richest teams still got the best players.
i guess i like it because of of the quickness of it um and and i like it because it takes the players
One player, Kristine Lilly, says the team is "like a second family.
so you get kind of caught up um and now i got like you know players players on on like Buffalo and and Washington and and i i happened to have uh your kicker
It's important to you that they think you're a team player, after all, you are a political appointee.
they need players and and they need a front office that that can judge players we've traded away so many good players in the past five years and got nothing for them
The story says that as a Knick, he routinely held on to an opposing player's shorts and even garners a quote from the man 26 years later: "He was one of the dirtiest players I ever played against."
oh no i know they're always having um i mean i can't believe the amount of money that the players make in the first place and i mean i know that they have a short um career and everything
2 to 3 players.
well they've had some very good players and fact uh the best tight end in football is now their coach
The problem is that, quite often, players emerge early in the day from their seashore abodes, put up a net, and then return to bed, thus denying large sections of beach to nonplayers.
he really is a team player
Everyone agrees that the politically heated match was marked by excellent sportsmanship from fans and players on both sides.
uh when some conference uh players come from outside of Texas you know and and play us here uh they're obviously plus practicing sixty hours a week you know and and there's no consistency seems to me
Again, how do the assertions of former basketball players clarify this question?
i bought some at Christmas time for friends of mine that have CD players i thought my gosh now i know another reason why i'm not going to get a CD player for a while
Indeed, copper futures have been the object of massive speculative selling by the likes of George Soros, precisely because informed players believed that Hamanaka was keeping the price at artificially high levels, and that it would eventually plunge.
but uh my son is a music major he's uh in performing French horn he was an all state French horn player all through high school and
Thanks to Gingrich, Netanyahu "is himself a player in Washington's power games, participating in the definition of American Middle East policy," Le Monde said.
yeah yeah and with without a whole lot of big name players they have got a few anchors on offense and defense and you know they they've managed with those guys and
and i think there's a lot of things that need to be done to to rectify that situation i'm not sure that the government is the key player
Top players have found that the best serve comes from the tip of the racket.
yeah we i i've always been kind of a Cowboys fan i like them i'm glad to see they're doing a little bit better but i see i just usually root for players that i know of i guess and whatever happens happens so
bad points of watching it each each different one i mean you may not see a spectacular Michael Jordanish move from a high school player but you know it's more of an accomplishment if if they hit
On the Dallas Cowboys, for example, hot-dogging players like Michael Irvin and Deion Sanders, not the coach, guide the team.
and it's like you know give the guy a cut you know you got bases loaded you know one mistake cause a lot of these players aren't used to bunting that much and it's a easy double play
The players could be poker pals, oligopolists competing to corner a market, or nuclear powers trying to dominate each other.
and uh you know the Rangers really don't have any star players besides Ryan that uh i think the other players look up to
and uh it does i mean we weren't like the best players in the world but we you know we we couldn't get it past each other you know
it's always wondered me why i mean they act as though this area is not you know a big metropolitan area but you think we'd someday get an owner in here that could afford to buy the the the players we need
The National Basketball Association banned all-star player Latrell Sprewell for a year.
we didn't have any bass clarinet players so i asked him if i could play it because i was first clarinet and they end up playing a lot of the high notes and i don't
Lonoff over the disobedient arm of his record player, I understood the celebrated phenomenon for the first time: a man, his destiny, and his work-all one.
i bought some at Christmas time for friends of mine that have CD players i thought my gosh now i know another reason why i'm not going to get a CD player for a while
Dow 8000 is there also for the LAT , the WP , and the Wall Street Journal . (But not, somewhat surprisingly, for the NYT .) The campaign fundraising hearings make it at the LAT , WP , and NYT . The Versace killer manhunt makes it at each of those papers and at USAT . And the LAT and WP each have front-page stories on whether or not House Republicans are trying to oust Newt Gingrich (the players aren't saying).
uh with brass and winds wood winds instruments uh course i like uh also string instruments and i have two string instruments in my house uh instrument players
uh Kansas City you know just signed a big time player so they're they're tough at signing all those people they got uh Joiner Wally Joiner from California so
During the mid- and late-'70s, NASL lured some of the very best players in the world to America--Pele, Franz Beckenbauer, George Best, Johan Cruyff--and flirted with being one of the world's top leagues.
well i don't know those are two heavy duty players
Arounder is defined--in a handy glossary included with my press notes--as "[a] player who knows all the angles and earns his living at the poker table.
well we used to have um Ralph Dutchen but now he's in Massachusetts he's come back a couple of times then there's a trumpet player at North Texas the the teacher the main teacher
they're talking tonight about this NIT game with Stanford and Massachusetts that the Stanford players actually took their final exams while they were on the road playing basketball
Much like the U.S. women's 1998 gold-medal Olympic hockey team, the World Cup soccer players had no female predecessors.
and and so um you know their very best player they probably lost over half their games because
Also, a story examines the proliferation of 300-pound players in the NFL.
who are the trumpet players in that
6 million--less than half of what a top European player earns.
um i like Hebert um oh you don't know Hebert Laws but Hebert Laws is a flute player he's a jazz flute player and i like um
Yes, Kasparov had to be the guy on the front line--after all, he's the best human chess player of all time.
i think they should check everybody everywhere that's working because see they got this and that's just like even all the football players yeah i think they ought to check them because you get kids looking up to them and here they are strung out on drugs what good is that you know that's not good
"She's the toughest goddamn player I've ever played with or against," Chastain blurted.
but they're bringing in some good young players too
The reason for this crucial role is that in the 1990s a handful of highly leveraged investors became key, even dominant, players in a number of financial markets.
so you get kind of caught up um and now i got like you know players players on on like Buffalo and and Washington and and i i happened to have uh your kicker
Apparently, he's a good guy, one of those players who is great about charities and really into his community.
and when it comes their time to choose they get thirty minutes or so these people will negotiate with the players and get them to sign a contract and if they won't sign a contract they won't draft them
Doubles Wild (TM) is a new luck and strategy game in which players try to get three markers in a row in as many places as possible.
uh we are now a legitimate player in the
Once again, he called the NATO bombing campaign "a tragic mistake" and said: "There are no good chess players among the leaders of NATO.
The fourth-year forward hopes to shed his deferential reputation: "I think I can be the best player in the NBA, and I want to show it."
so it's kind of you get points based on how many how many touch downs and and and and stuff like that that players on all different teams uh make
The Pentagon's interest in keeping its weapons supply free from interruptions, meanwhile, means that no major player can be allowed to go under.
you know even um like orchestra orchestra players can find a job sometimes in Europe when they can't find one here and um i'm a trumpet player
think there'd be a market for i i'm sure you could find old players for them but that'd cost a fortune if you could find them that worked oh
Telecommunications, defense, aerospace, mass media: In all these industries the number of players has been significantly reduced over the last three years.
coach that bring in a new uh offense and new offensive system that i think the so far the players are are uh responding responding well to
yeah i'm surprised a little bit when you're talking about basketball how some players work and Mavericks had
The human players found three nine-letter words in AEEGINTRS.
because the players the teams uh usually play in split squads and they're either playing their rookies or their uh
yeah yeah because all the problems i mean if you think about those years that we had the losing season of how bad i mean his players were constantly getting kicked off the team because of drugs because of uh
"Here is a guy who graduated Magna Cum Laude in history, the greatest basketball player in the Ivy Colleges, Rhodes Scholar, probably a governor of Missouri someday-and all with a 485 verbal SAT!"
some of them turned out to be pretty good players uh some of them didn't and you know maybe the stuff that uh Jerry Jones is talking about the construction and redefining the team and maybe the effort might be starting to pay off at least we hope it will
The maximum player salary will be capped at $14 million, with a maximum annual increase of 12 percent, and the players' total share of league revenues will be capped at 55 percent after three years.
i don't have that i don't have that uh experience to share uh i i i do i do listen to a lot of you know i do i switch the stations stations a lot because i don't have a cassette player in my car um
uh their version or vision or whatever the United States now is somewhat changed in that we won you know now now we are a uh a legitimate player in the game over there you know the
i am a player but certainly not a good player uh the highlight of my season is probably the four times i get under a hundred
When a baseball player is removed by the manager, the organist plays “Auld Lang Syne.”
oh absolutely air air conditioning and a radio uh AM FM and a cassette player and um
An accompanying piece doubts we will see another hoopster like Jordan--his dedication to his team and to improving his game is unmatched by today's young players.
it was really and then and then uh Shoeless Joe Jackson really was a player i thought they made him up and then i found out you know after i saw the movie that they they started talking about that scandal and
All these stories note that Northrop's stock price went up nearly 25 percent on the news, but none delves into the question of whether any of the major players in or out of government who affect defense procurement are Northrop stockholders.
well i mean it's kind of it's it's you know it's good exercise especially when you get good at it because you the idea is to make the other player run to where he's not i mean you hit the ball it's kind of like tennis in that sense but you're not chasing always chasing after the ball um
The Wall Street Journal reports that when President Clinton recently visited players before a Washington-Seattle NBA game, Supersonic Greg Anthony drew cheers from teammates by asking when the capital gains tax cut takes effect.
i wondered yeah i wondered everybody has their their favorite you know maybe not the the big name player but uh
What does it say about a team when its best player is its owner?
but golf was one that i developed a working knowledge of a lot of the golfers and therefore i enjoyed following those particular players
The Chicago Bears football player, William “Refrigerator” Perry is a large gentleman whose weight is variously estimated at between 350 and 400 pounds.
Feagin and and Ronnie Lotte i i i can't imagine a more devastating blow to a team you know the the uh the the top running back and the top defensive player uh leaving is
uh-huh absolutely i can't disagree with that they were super players they really were they really
Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there, and tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey player Wayne Gretzky and basketball player Bill Russell--though Culturebox only learned of their attendance from the press release she picked up as she left.
what about yourself who is your favorite player
they got a lot of high paid players that could start somewhere else as backup
Hoping to launch with a bang, ESPN breaks the news that the scoring record broken (in controversial fashion) by University of Connecticut basketball player Nykesha Sales may in fact still stand.
that's all there is to it but the players and stuff they finally quit giving away the really good players and started keeping them too because we had some you remember when Archie Manning was a quarterback
Since the game never favored the players, the "bankers" naturally amassed large profits.
and new players and how next year is going to be even bigger and better than the previous year
In "Frame Game," William Saletan analyzes how the various players are struggling to position Monica Lewinsky in the public mind.
is for us repair record and the gas and the gas mileage is what drives it for us uh not whether it has a moon roof or uh how many CD players you can stack in it but
Players are bombarded with bottles.
All six of America's top-ranking male players got their higher education thanks to the splendid network of colleges and universities that their home state maintains.
and uh you know the Rangers really don't have any star players besides Ryan that uh i think the other players look up to
they traded Perkins Sam Perkins they traded him he was from North Carolina and uh they traded him to the Lakers last year and that he was a good player and then they they've got a
The NFL and NBA decreased the disparities between large- and small-market teams with salary caps that limit player salaries.
well good what do you think about how much the football players make
But Milliken is the biggest player in this game, and following the money trails that lead back to him is a pretty good way to understand how this particular piece of the world really works.
oh have they like who are some of their who are some of their players that they've traded away
I'm about as good a swimmer as I am a ping pong player.
The players are Clinton (the object of desire), Morris (the mistress), and the Democratic Party (the wronged wife): "She doesn't understand her man, she can't fulfill his deepest desire (to get re-elected), she will inevitably drag him down.
oh man that makes it tough on the the whole club the management all the way down the rest of the players
But Rose struggled, pouted mightily, feuded with coaches, and generally demoralized himself and the players around him.
yeah and i i just don't see uh you know a baseball player being worth that
"Wilt the Stilt," widely considered the best player of all time, is the only one ever to score 100 points in a game.
we did break down and put a CD player in it that's not quite authentic but at any rate that that was one thing that i one of the features that i did want
Avowing their virginity are tennis player Anna Kournikova ("I do not let anyone even have a peek into my bed") and singer Enrique Iglesias, who's said to be waiting for the right woman.
well the problem is that most of the record players now will not play them because you have to have that needle that uh particular kind of needle
Similarly, when dictionaries are all online, Random House could hold up the world's Scrabble players and copy editors.
and uh several of my players uh players several of my former students uh played with Minnesota Vikings and then with the Cleveland Browns
Thus was Henry Kravis, co-founder of the leveraged-buyout firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, introduced to the viewing public in the HBO film version of the 1980s business classic Barbarians at the Gate . The story of KKR's successful but ill-fated LBO of RJR Nabisco, Barbarians offered an indelible portrayal of KKR (and its competitors and allies) as made up of insatiable deal makers and game players.
yeah didn't they have a guy on there uh the wasn't a uh deaf player on there this year
Watch out for Asian-American hockey players in about 20 years.
But the 41-year-old Bird has a cranky back, and he's accomplished everything any basketball player could ever dream of.
Now that the two-year marriage of actress Brooke Shields and tennis player Andre Agassi has disintegrated, it's possible to look back and see the end was coming.
With Africana , where Gates and Appiah, rather sentimentally and opportunistically, see themselves as the descendants of Du Bois, whose unfilled dream was to produce such a book, Gates seems to have cornered the market on black reference books that shape the canon of black studies, that define the field and its major players.
The same might also be said of Nintendo's rise from the dead and of Canon's emergence as a key player in what's now called the "imaging" market, thanks primarily to its aggressive introduction of new technology and its relatively unusual alliances with U.S. companies.
The WP runs a front-page piece noting that the NCAA is very worried about the fallout from the point-shaving indictment last week of two former Northwestern basketball players.
Soccer has always been perceived as vaguely un-American: It's too low-scoring, there's too much cooperation, the players are too small and too Euro, it looks bad on television.
"Bill, I think, has proven … that a basketball player, baseball player, football player are very intelligent people and that type of stigma attached to you is not worthy."
) Notwithstanding everyone's reluctance, Lehrman got several minutes of film that brought dozens of bit players and their world to life--the seductive Sandor Ferenczi at a caf, (he once conducted affairs with a patient and her mother at the same time), the warm and animated Princess Marie Bonaparte graciously introducing everybody to everybody else at tea parties (she later rescued Freud from the Nazis), a dashing and alarmingly radiant Wilhelm Reich (he lated invented orgone therapy).
The Yankees owner no longer fires managers three weeks into the season, and his relationship with players and other employees is now intense but cordial.
In one ad, a player goes out on a date, and her teammates tag along.
From Jules and Jim there are the plucked, fragrant melodies that stop brilliantly short of cloying, the spasm of frantic neo-Baroque fiddling from Day for Night , and the tangy sounds of an out-of-tune barroom upright from Shoot the Piano Player . In these eclectic sketches--which capture an image but have no emotional arc of their own--the irony of this project comes into focus: the contradiction of championing film music by cleaving it from film.
Praise goes also to Barrett's gentle satire of the culturally backward outback (the radio station doesn't even have a CD player).
Maybe, just as he helped revive pro basketball as a player in the early '80s, he can revive the game as a coach in the late '90s, saving it for a generation of kids who never saw Larry Legend play.
Jordan had been outplayed by their Calbert Cheaney, a streaky player.
Mike is supposed to be an honest connoisseur of card playing nature, a master whose expertise derives from spotting "tells," from "watching the player, not the cards."
Players express their appreciation to the Lambeau fans by hurtling into their midst, for just one moment becoming one of them.
At that point, stars seized control of their own careers, and the talent agent became a major Hollywood player.
"In an era when the egos of male athletes are dwarfed only by their paychecks, the World Cup women, minimum wagers by pro-sports standards, reminded the country that sports superstars can be gracious and grateful," coos Newsweek . CNN's Bruce Morton observes approvingly that unlike male athletes, the female players don't "have million dollar contracts or big shoe deals.
Players in the online role-playing game Ultima now auction their virtual gold pieces for real cash on eBay.
For true instinct, you must turn to Mike Figgis, an English director ( Leaving Las Vegas , 1995, One Night Stand , 1997) who's defiantly not a player and whose pixilated, semi-autobiographical, semi-allegorical The Loss of Sexual Innocence would not have got past the mall focus groups that evidently embraced Instinct . It nearly didn't get past the screening that I caught at Manhattan's indie-friendly Angelika Film Center, which was marked by uneasy throat clearing and lots of walkouts.
It seems that her visit, too late for seeing any of her son's stellar pitching, was the fruit of three weeks of negotiations, including a written plea to Cuban officials signed by the Marlin players.
White Sox) and showcase the sport's stars in more cities, thereby boosting attendance and merchandise sales, which, in turn, will enable owners to satisfy players' skyrocketing salary demands.
The peg to Kuczynski's article was Altman's apparently major role in the CBS-Viacom deal, on which "Evercore earned an estimated $10 million fee as the principal adviser to CBS," and with which "Altman sealed his growing reputation as a politically connected player on the media merger scene."
Had he done so, it would probably not have surprised the commentators who saw the $311 million purchase of the franchise by Murdoch's News Corp. as final evidence of the sacrifice of the national pastime to the greed and disloyalty of players and owners.
4) Three million dollars for a baseball makes sense because players are beginning to get $100 million contracts.
Companies that seek recognition as world-class players sometimes move hastily into international acquisitions and alliances.
O'Neal's Lakers just got blown out of the playoffs by perhaps the most suburban (and ethnically whitest) team in the league, the Utah Jazz--whose black superstar, Karl Malone, is another good citizen and great player who gets dissed by the shoe companies.
He called the Wizards "underachieving;" said his agent, David Falk, was "a pain in the ass;" wondered how "scared" his players would be to practice against him; and called all his new employees "disposable."
"Bill, I think, has proven … that a basketball player, baseball player, football player are very intelligent people and that type of stigma attached to you is not worthy."
And though today's top-ranking players earn six-figure incomes from their prizes and commercial endorsements, many of the great players of tomorrow may even now be benefiting from government's biggest covert subsidy of sports and the arts--unemployment insurance (and perhaps the occasional food stamp).
These movies are visual, musical, and verbal dances in which even the most minor player and the tiniest detail move to the main tune.
To our youngest players, the title of Thursday's question may be as ancient and obscure as Edgar Bergen's wacky catch phrase: "I'm a ventriloquist on the radio, suckers!"
Only about former football players are you not allowed to say so.
It's also surprising because Bird the Coach is not much like Bird the Player, at least not in the ways you might expect.
Reinforcing the idea is the first candidate--Washington Bullet Gheorghe Muresan, who, besides being the NBA's tallest player ever, is known as one of its least articulate: The Bullets use him in an ad whose entire point is that he can't even manage to recommend that viewers buy tickets to a Bullets game.
The author, Jeff Benedict, claims that a study he helped conduct shows that 1 out of 5 NFL players has been charged with a serious crime.
Not to mention his decision once there to meet with the team and inspire the players to victory by comparing the final day's competition to the Alamo.
President, why did you invite the players and owners to the White House in the first place?"
Watching the French Open Tennis Championships in June 1990, I noted that there were players with the following last names, and readers are invited to guess at the country each represented: Boetsch, Champion, Herreman, Pierce, Van Lottum , and Winogradsky . The one answer for all is France!
There have been observant players even in the majors, most notably the great Sandy Koufax, who declined to play on Yom Kippur.
Cynics advised him to retire before the impending salary-cap war between players and team owners brings the NBA to a grinding halt.
Still, while the psychic business model is uncomplicated, its very simplicity poses a very real problem to the dominant players in the field, since it means that the barriers to entry are remarkably low.
Kentucky, the defending champion, has staggered through despite injuries that have reduced its roster to eight players.
MLS players can't auction themselves to the highest bidder.
Each team has an "owner-operator," but the league itself owns the players.
Lemann identifies two key players, James Bryant Conant, the president of Harvard, and Henry Chauncey, a Harvard administrator who went on to become the head the Educational Testing Service.
Photographs of: Donald Trump by Peter Morgan/Reuters; Natalie Portman by Keith Hamshere/Lucasfilm Ltd./Reuters; New York Yankees players by Gary Hershorn/Reuters; KLA member by Hazir Reka/Reuters.
All along, Michael Isikoff was a player in this story, and he has written a player's book.
A weaker version of Chinook had previously lost to the legendary Marion Tinsley, a retired university math teacher considered the greatest checkers player of all time, who had to withdraw from a 1994 rematch because of the pancreatic cancer that eventually killed him.
Currently, teams in small television markets can't afford to pay great players and thus can't compete.
It's been interesting to me, for example, that after all the rejoicing about how nice it is to have Jordan back in the NBA just a year after his retirement as a player, the next thing that most of his fans fretted about was whether his involvement with the sad-sack Wizards will eventually cloud his legend.
I think it was the game against North Korea when, in celebration of a goal, one of the players did a running flip-flop-flip, a common soccer-player's celebration.
The NYT runs a front-page feature by sports long-form legend Robert Lipsyte on the first major league baseball player to come out extensively to the press (in a previous article in the Miami Herald ), a retired utility player named Billy Bean who played with the Tigers, Dodgers and Padres.
17) Finally, to raise our profile as media players, Motorola StarTAC cell phones will be issued to all media employees.
Leaving aside the fact that IBM would not even consider doing this and risking its credibility and reputation, it is a preposterous charge because whoever stepped in to help the machine would be a better player than Kasparov.
In basketball, where teams are constituted by the season, each player looking out for his own career doesn't appear to harm the overall quality of the game.
I look at the second clarinet player.
, most of whom now have the shoe deals Nike just canceled with out of work basketball players.
None of his players was heard to say the same about their ex-coach.
Japanese companies own more than 80 percent of the Asian car market, excluding Korea, and are dominant players in most other industrial categories.
The U.S. players were humiliated and, in contrast to American post-major-victory tradition, did not attribute the outcome to Jesus Christ.
They were in any case in popular use well before they were officially adopted in 1871 by the original members of the National Association of Professional Baseball Players, the world's first fully professional baseball league.
Dennis Rodman is (or, rather, was) the most colorful, bizarre and interesting player in professional basketball--and he was also a helluva talent.
Each player has several strategy options to choose from.
He forbids his assistant coaches from talking to , and discourages his players from doing so.
"How do you like your new DVD player?"
Once players played at the whim of coaches.
At USA Today , the Iraq combat is on the front below the fold, Cambodia is nowhere in sight and the lead is the real possibility that the NBA season will be canceled combined with a warning from the head of the players' union that if so, the players might start their own league.
Cobb beat his wife, his children, his teammates, opposing players, umpires, clubhouse attendants, waiters, and store clerks.
The game's current stars declared Woods the best player in the world and possibly in history.
(Her path to Washington was cleared by the fact that her cousin Nicholas Ferraro was the Queens district attorney and a political player.)
What player gets arrested for a felony during the actual game (Marshall Faulk, Rams, is a long shot at 20-1).
"Sign eighth-grade football players to letters of intent."
This is the political version of the basketball moment when an exasperated player turns to the ref and points out his opponent's alleged foul.
I admit I did a double-take when I read that a New Jersey Nets basketball player, accused of rape, said his involvement with the woman never got beyond conversating.
The Riady for Prime Time Players
It is something like the zone of current sports lingo in which a tennis player, say, enters a trance-like state, putting him on a roll where he can't miss a shot.
MLS also recruits most of its foreign players in Latin America, largely because Latin players are cheaper than Europeans.
Losing players have no choice.
As we all know, Garry Kasparov is a Russian chess player.
Martina Hingis and Pete Sampras won the women's and men's tennis championships at Wimbledon . Sports writers lionized Hingis as a Wunderkind (she's 16, the youngest Wimbledon champ in a century) and Sampras as arguably the greatest player ever (he's on track to shatter the record for men's grand slam titles).
Russia 1, Old Media 0.) Newsweek 's Russia coverage includes sketches of the new Russian political players plus a profile of shady oligarch Boris Berezovsky.
