In an attempt to counter a threat from the Saracen Muslims, a new potent religious force from the East, the Byzantine army forcefully enlisted the men of the islands.
As the Byzantine Empire weakened at the end of the first millennium, Crusader forces were sent from Western Europe to counter the Muslim forces and retake Jerusalem for the Christian faith.
As the Byzantine Empire weakened at the end of the first millennium, Crusader forces were sent from Western Europe to counter the Muslim forces and retake Jerusalem for the Christian faith.
Constantinople was taken by Crusader forces in 1204, and they stripped the city of manyof its finest treasures — which now grace the public buildings of Venice — although a large consignment of books and manuscripts was transferred to the monastery at Patmos before the city fell.
After a final bloody defeat by the Muslims in 1309, Christian forces were forced from the Holy Land.
The Knights of St. John, a holy military force, made their way to Rhodes and Kos in the Dodecanese.
A force was gaining strength in the east to threaten their new bases.
His forces made a series of attacks from their bases in the Dodecanese islands, including sinking a Greek naval vessel in the harbor of Tinos Town, but they only succeeded in strengthening the resolve of the population against them.
Later the Germans came in force and occupied many of the islands.
Upon entering the work force, he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities.
After the attacks had occurred, while crisis managers were still sorting out a number of unnerving false alarms, Air Force One flew to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana.
One of these alarms was of a reported threat against Air Force One itself, a threat eventually run down to a misunderstood communication in the hectic White House Situation Room that morning.
President Bush reluctantly acceded to this advice and, at about 10:10, Air Force One changed course and began heading due west.
The President's military aide, an Air Force officer, quickly researched the options and, sometime around 10:20, identified Barksdale Air Force Base as an appropriate interim destination.
The President completed his statement, which for security reasons was taped and not broadcast live, and the traveling party returned to Air Force One.
Air Force One arrived at Offutt at 2:50 P.M.
In the late afternoon, the President overruled his aides' continuing reluctance to have him return to Washington and ordered Air Force One back to Andrews Air Force Base.
The President also tasked Rumsfeld to ensure that robust measures to protect American military forces against terrorist attack were implemented worldwide.
In Phase One, the United States and its allies would move forces into the region and arrange to operate from or over neighboring countries such as Uzbekistan and Pakistan.
Mazar-e-Sharif, in northern Afghanistan, fell to a coalition assault by Afghan and U.S. forces on November 9. Four days later the Taliban had fled from Kabul.
In March 2002, the largest engagement of the war was fought, in the mountainous Shah-i-Kot area south of Gardez, against a large force of al Qaeda jihadists.
In Phase Four, civilian and military operations turned to the indefinite task of what the armed forces call "security and stability operations."
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin.
Whatever the struggle for adoption may have been, the language of egalitarian principle came into force.
Northern carpetbaggers could join forces with Southern scalawags to remake the agricultural South in the image of the industrial North.
Now might be as good a time as any to reveal a theft I committed at an Air Force Base near Seymour, Indiana.
However, this urge for abolishing a people's social custom by force of law was not wholeheartedly accepted by the majority of the delegates in the Conference.
i think it's i think if they put it into force more often they wouldn't have as many problems as they've got
Meanwhile, a task force headed by Vice President George H.W.
). Annan said he believes the agreement will hold because--as has never happened before--it was negotiated in person by Saddam; he also said Bill Clinton had shown "a great capacity for leadership" in the Iraqi crisis by uniting diplomacy with a show of force.
He opposes himself to nature as one of her own forces, setting in motion arms and legs, head and hands, the natural forces of his body, in order to appropriate nature's productions in a form adapted to his own wants.
right well they've entered the work force more uh you know since World War Two is when they started
General John Jumper had commanded U.S. air forces in Europe and seen Predators used for reconnaissance in the Balkans.
The airlift, it said, had been "conceived, directed and largely carried out by the Royal Air Force."
Language of pity and the force of wrong.
well uh the police force for one i think they could uh definitely add to the police force and the type equipment that they use uh it's oh right now i think we're about
The smoothness of the force output of a muscle is enhanced by the firing rate / recruitment interaction within the MU pool [ 1 ] and the mechanical filtering effect of the tissue, compensating for the discrete nature of the process, which builds up the actual muscle force from individual muscle fiber twitches.
As we learn more and more clearly in each volume, there are lots of ways to help the forces of darkness: You can join them with all your heart, but you can also succumb to prejudice, or self-righteousness, or some apparently silly temptation.
I was reporting to a certain place in Del Rio, then I had to go to Laughlin Air Force Base, which had just re-opened.
And Lego World, stated in terms of building simple combinatorial objects, is logically similar to a set of objectives that must be achieved by a military force to carry out its total objective.
Its conquest by the forces of Count Afonso Henriques in 1147 was considered a pivotal triumph in the Reconquest of Portugal.
In an effort to increase breeding, zookeepers tried to separate them by force.
things that are not used and i don't know i was i was in the Air Force and out of it there were there was equipment at every base i was ever on that was just going to waste it was just sitting and rusting and
Communication rather than confrontation, concern rather than condemnation, and facilitation rather than force or law enforcement should mark the interventions.
While Serb forces prevented foreign journalists from ascertaining the fate of ethnic Albanians inside Kosovo, American leftists held up images of Serb civilian casualties as proof that the bombing was wrong and must be stopped.
My father and mother met, shortly thereafter, and married in 1930, May of 1938, I think, because I came along two years later, and grew up with my grandmother Tina there, to kind of, well, I remember when I was about five years old and we had settled down for the long haul on the farm after my father finished traveling around and taking us with him to various uh, Air Force assignments out in Texas and, oh, Myrtle Beach.
So the work done is given by just adding up little increments of the force acting on a mass and accelerating it through a distance.
In 1578, the people of Amsterdam rose up against the papal forces and threw them from the city — a time known as the Alteration.
A lot of this activity is, in fact, being carried out by local police working with the Joint Terrorism Task Force," he told me, explaining that those agents are considered "federalized."
and then they market it altogether as a group as a force
Essabar turned extremist fairly suddenly, probably in 1999, and reportedly pressured one acquaintance with physical force to become more religious, grow a beard, and compel his wife to convert to Islam.
Here we come to a problem that will prove stubborn if the military tries to sexually integrate ground combat forces such as the infantry.
I got orders to go to Del Rio, TX, so when I arrived out there, well, I found out I had to go to Laughlin Air Force Base.
On the other hand, particles and the three nongravitational forces have yet to be incorporated into a spin network picture.
He opposes himself to nature as one of her own forces, setting in motion arms and legs, head and hands, the natural forces of his body, in order to appropriate nature's productions in a form adapted to his own wants.
oh i guess the work force would be the main wouldn't it it uh
And they must advance an argument about why human nature, which has presumably evolved in response to an enormous array of random forces, tells us anything about what is good or desirable in terms of the traits humans should possess.
And listen, I'm getting in line even earlier for tickets to Episode 2 . The Force is with me, butt-head."
Wholesaler-jobber enterprises of the time, such as Field, Leiter and Company in Chicago (which later became Marshall Field and Company), required both a purchasing organization and an extensive traveling sales force to sell to the scattered general stores in smaller cities and country towns.
Although the Persians’ forces and resources were vastly superior, Darius hadn’t anticipated the amazing courage and battlefield skill of the Greeks.
when you rent the home do they uh force you to lease and guarantee payment
Our observations and those of Halgren [ 4 ] suggest that a given force field or quantum chemical method selected for potential application to a highly-polar molecular system be carefully validated to assure that conformational energy comparisons are not spurious.
In its heyday SCOSE was chaired by one of the academic members, which gave it a certain impartiality and independent force, and the circulation of its findings was the responsibility of a senior ABC officer and a trained secretary-cum-research assistant who was the servant of the committee and who reported to that officer.
The essential force behind the performance impact of these practices is their effective integration with one another.
One of the darker attractions is the Exhibition Hall for the Ruins of the Japanese Troops Invading China, site of a secret biological warfare center set up by the occupying Japanese forces in 1939.
well the armed forces did so much to you know Agent Orange they did so much to their own people all during that time you know and they take they take a even now uh they take a free hand as far as medicine and
Assessing the external environment is particularly important, in part because so many external forces that fall beyond an organization's influence can powerfully affect its chances for success.
The European Union has agreed to send in a few dozen military and police advisers, but not a big force.
If this force was lost through violence or a trauma, death could occur.
She inherited the country’s rampant inflation and the conflict between Kurdish separatists and the security forces in the southeast.
and there's a a tendency has been a tendency over the past few years to treat her as though she was somebody who didn't have much intelligence because if she did she'd be out in the work force uh and fulfilling herself
We found that temperatures between 43 and 46°C increased ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and suppressed force, i.e. reduced force without reductions in ser 19-MRLC phosphorylation (Fig.
The regulations in force are maintained and strengthened because distributors, wholesalers, and large wineries benefit from them, and they are organized and politically powerful.
In the production of both men’s and women’s clothing, immigrant labor provided a continuing secure labor force that often already had the requisite skills.
If Napoleon did not exactly “liberate” Italy, he did shake up the old conservatism from Lombardy to Naples by creating new universities and high schools, streamlining the bureaucracy, creating a new legal system with his Napoleonic Code, and generally awakening the forces of Italian nationalism.
you know there's more women more and more women going into the work force
Thus, economic growth depends not only on the amount of saving and investment but also on an educated work force, an expanding base of knowledge, a continuing infusion of innovations, and a sound legal and institutional environment.
In that explosive word, the Democrats' three criticisms of the process--unpopularity, partisanship, and the participation of lawmakers who lost their seats in the election--combined with the force of a thermonuclear reaction.
Consider Isaac Newton and his famous F = MA, force is equal to mass times acceleration.
They were repulsed at Hispaniola by a strong Spanish force and decided to take Jamaica as a consolation prize.
if a company has a healthy work force their insurance rates are low and not only are not only they low there's all sorts of a of a benefits
Retention force
The WP is more interested in Trent Lott's efforts to keep the Republican forces in line.
Our research indicates that the relationships between firms in the textile and apparel industries remain underdeveloped, with new competitive forces driving both sides to change.
Egypt became one of the most influential Arab states, especially when, in the mid-9th century, a more powerful Arab force — the Fatimids — swept across Egypt from the west.
enterprises for for for a couple of years uh that's going to delay their entry into the work force delay the time when they can begin paying taxes too so so the impact is going to be double there i um
The NYPD suffered 23 fatalities-the second largest loss of life of any police force in history, exceeded only by the number of PAPD officers lost the same day.
The Aztecs believed in an inner force that provided warmth, courage, vitality, and in children, growth.
Founded by Phoenician traders more than 3,000 years ago, it came under Carthaginian and Roman rule before falling to the Moorish invasion force in 711.
an unequality in the work force in certain jobs it's you know and you hear some people say you know well he's a man he he he needs that salary
When the motor units in-series with the receptor were activated, there was a linear force applied to the receptor, resulting in increased impulse discharge.
Ciro Rodriguez for Congress , which ran during the special election, responds to Solis' challenge, to his niche appeal in a district that is also home to two Air Force bases (with presumably more conservative and fewer Hispanic voters), by playing to Rodriguez's strength--education.
A full-blown textile industry therefore blossomed in New England, fostered by the region’s access to abundant water power, capital, mechanical skills, and a hardworking labor force.
Although the central event is a solemn and highly symbolic water-drawing ceremony, the crowds turn out in force for the more public and spectacular fire ceremonies.
you know women have come into the work force in the last twenty thirty years and now they're wanting to go back to the old days where you know
the force levels on the copings that fractured were not lower than those of those that did not fracture.
The problem is that, of the 3,100 member U.N. police force planned for Kosovo, only 156 officers are there yet, and the NATO troops in the area haven't been able to close the gap.
Physicists have an answer  work is force acting through distance  given by a single number, or scalar, representing the sum of the force acting through the distance.
It was off the coast here that Commodore Matthew Perry, ordered by the US government to open diplomatic relation with Japan by force if necessary, anchored his fleet of black ships.
i was in the Air Force yeah yeah for myself i mean i think that military experience was fine it was just i just wish that there was something else that that that i could have done you know with
23, 2004); Leslie Filson, Air War Over America (First Air Force, 2003), p.
Levi's workers have always been well paid relative to the industry as a whole, and the company has kept 55 percent of its manufacturing work force in Canada and the United States.
Thus part of the answer to the emergence of specific structures lies in the expansion and cooling of the universe, with the associated sequences of symmetry breakings that split the four fundamental forces, yielded a quark-gluon soup that cooled into other elementary particles, then atoms, simple molecules, self-gravitating masses, galaxies, giant molecular clouds, and second-generation stars.
In 1868 the Satsuma and Choshu clans, never a real threat to Tokugawa authority as long as they remained rivals, joined forces to overthrow the shogun and restore the authority of the emperor, the 14-year-old Mitsuhito.
uh so that way that kind of forces you to recycle
But since rates based on content are seldom the outcome of competitive forces, such an effort would in all likelihood fail.
According to the myth, the "ultra-secretive" WTO has become a sort of super-governmental body that forces nations to bow to the wishes of multinational corporations.
First, let’s just consider the physicist’s definition of work as the integral of force acting through distance.
Attacks by pirates and Islamic forces brought terror to the people, but Cretans remained loyal to the Orthodox Church throughout the Arab occupation of a.d. 824–961.
force it all into the into the private sector
The function of cohesion at the centromere is presumably to oppose the force of microtubules, which pull the chromosomes to opposite spindle poles; this force is not exerted along the chromosome arms, which means that cohesion at centromeres and along arms is functionally distinct.
But as I originally stated, numerous forces are responsible for limiting the consumer imports of this disparate group of countries.
Current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces  the electromagnetic, weak, and strong forces called the “standard model.”
They faced repeated assault and siege from neighboring Malay forces, and malaria was a constant scourge.
my husband's brother was the commander of the Air Force base in Berlin
For example, the American Academy of Family Physicians [ 18 20 ] and the 2 ndUnited States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) advise mammography every 1-2 years for women aged 50-69 years [ 21 ] . (Since completion of data collection for this project, the 3rd USPSTF released an updated statement advising mammography, with or without clinical breast examination, every 1-2 years for women aged 40 years and older [ 22 ] ).
But just when you start to get impatient with the plodding, one-thing-after-another style of narration, there's a shocker that blows you into the movie's last act, and then a scene in which a couple of former antagonists figure out what stinks and join forces in an abandoned motel to stave off an army of bad guys.
Mass is that which resists acceleration by force.
The town square, Praça do Marquês do Pombal, is the work of the royal architect, and the tour de force of Vila Real.
also with uh women in the work force they've gotten a lot more options as far as you know what's it called job sharing like if you and another lady were to share the same full time job or
In our study, no such forces acted on the cemented coping from time of cementation to time of testing.
Leah M. Bryant told the story the same way in the Sept. 1997 issue of Leading Edge , the house organ of the Air Force Materiel Command--then Murphy's Law was completely misconstrued.
In any specific case of work done, some direction of application of force is specified in three-dimensional space, some actual direction of motion of the mass is specified in three-dimensional space, and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the force does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction.
In 1296 he led a force of nearly 30,000 men into Scotland and captured the castles of Roxburgh, Edinburgh, and Stirling.
i'm in the Air Force so that kind of
The amount of myosin-II required to produce a particular amount of force was calculated by assuming that a single head of myosin-II produces 3.5 pN of force [ 12 ] . To correct for myosin-II's duty ratio (t s / t c ), the following considerations were used.
You will use force to defend some policy or principle.
This brings out the whole valley in force, everyone bending low with small sickles to cut the stalks, then stacking these in sheaves for fuel or thatch after the rice is threshed.
well and it will be fascinating to see within the next twenty to thirty years how that changes even more i think the impact will be felt more and more as as better educated women come into the work force
The intention was to say that they could use lethal force if the attempted capture seemed impossible to complete successfully.
Lines such as "I am the self-consumer of my woes" have a distinction and force that need no propping up by the pathos of the life behind the writing.
“The church remained the most powerful center and cohesive force in the Mexican American colony.
A third force is often in the news, but the parties pushing for independence — establishing Puerto Rico as a separate nation — have thus far gained only minority support at the polls.
basically a sign that forces people to recycle you have to pay for all your trash all your trash bags
Military officials said they could scramble fighter jets from Langley Air Force Base to chase the aircraft, but they would need "executive"orders to shoot it down.
The Wall Street Journal runs an AP dispatch stating that the Chechens have "repulsed" Russian forces.
The forces of the Union could draw sustenance, as I have suggested, from the reconceptualization of the American people as an organic nation.
Ottoman forces made surprisingly light work of taking the fortress in 1646.
upstate Rome a Griffins uh Griffins Air Force Base
In the presence of an external force, as is seen by Myo1c during an excitatory mechanical stimulus in a hair cell [ 39 ] , Ca 2+(which enters the cell through open transduction channels), should permit Myo1c to go through its ATPase cycle, binding and unbinding from actin, but the altered interaction of calmodulin and IQ1 may prevent force production by the motor.
But a 1978 article by Ted Bear, then a flight-center historian at Edwards Air Force Base in California, where the experiment in question took place, tells it this way:
Now Newtonian mechanics: Prestate the initial and boundary conditions, the particles and force laws, and with them the possible configuration space and calculate away.
Arriving in Nassau with a powerful force and promising amnesty for surrender, he became a legend by cleaning out many of the pirates and establishing some order.
uh program manager for the Air Force and uh
The major determinants of economic growth in the model are changes in the labor force, capital formation, and the growth in total factor productivity.
Rather than treat the cocaine inquiry as a dialogue in which the questions as well as the answers are subject to rational scrutiny, most reporters depict it as a force of nature.
Indeed, retailers like Wal-Mart Stores, Kmart Corporation, and Dillard’s Inc. have been the driving forces behind changes in manufacturing and logistics systems in a way that was unheard of in Bond Stores’ time.
uh then there's there's there's the whole question that that a that a work force that is known not to be on drugs is gonna be more healthy i don't think anybody would argue with that
In the mid-1980s, on the basis of a report from a task force headed by Vice President George Bush and after terrorist attacks at airports in Rome and Athens, the DCI created a Counterterrorist Center to unify activities across the Directorate of Operations and the Directorate of Intelligence.
A weaker America will result from the idea that we can triumph without peril to our armed forces.
A limpieza can expel the hostile forces and also provide spiritual strength so that the person can effectively fight off negative energy.
The Moors fortified the city, developing the settlement into a major trading port serving Granada, and it was one of the last cities in Spain to be re-conquered by Christian forces in 1487.
To see this perhaps more clearly, think of certain religious settings where punishment theories of illness causation are in force [17–19].
Granma , the Cuban Communist Party daily, described the euro as a force for "tranquility and stability" and "a challenge to the economic and financial hegemony of the United States."
When it comes to the driving force behind the late twentieth-century industrial transformation, lean retailing is at the forefront of that revolution.
This compact district has evolved from a ghetto (imposed on the Chinese in the 19th century by the city’s founders) into a local economic and political force.
the guy began to ask um what does your husband do for a living well he's retired Air Force ah was he retired law enforcement Air Force
Noncompliance would mean U.S. "force directed at the Taliban itself " and U.S. efforts to ensure that the Taliban would never defeat the Northern Alliance.
It'd certainly be more cathartic for the anti-smoking forces, and probably less painful for the tobacco industry, than the farcical death by a thousand cuts process that's currently underway in Washington.
In any specific case of work done, some direction of application of force is specified in three-dimensional space, some actual direction of motion of the mass is specified in three-dimensional space, and some actual coupling mechanism is in place such that the force does act on the mass and get it to accelerate in that direction.
Kemal handled the problem with his usual vigour and eloquence in a speech to the Assembly, by linking the power of the caliphate with that of the Assembly: “… It was by force that the sons of Osman seized the sovereignty and Sultanate of the Turkish nation… Now the Turkish nation has rebelled and has put a stop to these usurpers, and has effectively taken sovereignty and the Sultanate into its own hands.
so i joined the Air Force and ended up staying there for thirteen years
He wanted to know what the CIA would do when ground forces were in Afghanistan.
When the Shopping Avenger sees the forces of rampant capitalism manhandling an unfortunate soul, he will fly to the rescue straightaway, unless he's busy leading anarchists into battle on the streets of Seattle, or napping.
There emerged reactionary forces that sought to mystify and entrench the values of 1787.
Hence, the laws, forces, and particles can deform into one another in a space of laws, forces, and particles.
The paradigm of the exploitative, oppressive relationship in the American experience is, of course, slavery, and therefore in 1865, as the first task of the new constitutional order, we banned the very possibility of private relationships of slavery, established either by force or by consensual agreement between master and slave.
Even more important, the forces examined in this book provide a glimpse into processes reshaping a considerable portion of the economy.
As we have already noted, the general requirement for return on investment forces expensive capital equipment to be operated under more than single-shift conditions, unless it is essential to produce a given item.
Whether the Union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval became one of the early legal controversies of the war.
Or would the presidency remain an independent third force of government?
1787, went into force 1789, amendedReconstruction amendments
Among the fundamental ideas of string theory is the idea that the dierent particles and the dierent forces can all be thought of as dierent modes of vibration of such strings.
Of course, during the war, the 1787 Constitution remained nominally in force.
Force is that which induces acceleration when applied to a mass.
Axis forces were at one point only 150 miles from Cairo but Allied soldiers finally gained the upper hand following the British victory at El Alemain in 1942, and Egypt remained firmly in British hands for the rest of the war.
put them in these Air Force bases that are closing and utilize those you know
but so i was in the Air Force
The town square, Praça do Marquês do Pombal, is the tour de force of Vila Real, with black-and-white pavement radiating from an obelisk in the center of the square like rays from the sun.
so they can get them spinning centrifugal force comes close enough to uh uh simulating gravity that there's very little problem with uh uh gravityless uh side effects
The real battle, however, was waged under the leadership of the Duke of Wellington, whose coalition forces expelled the French after two years of bitter fighting.
and the kinds of knowledge that uh you know it it's requiring an increasingly sophisticated labor force and some people just don't have it it's uh
In 1537 another force, under the command of Montejo el Mozo (the Younger), Don Francisco’s son, set out to plant the Spanish standard on Yucatecan soil.
and uh just because this Sunday past Sunday was Mother's Day of course there was some articles in the newspaper about the uh mother s in the work force and that has that has certainly made a tremendous difference in society
Often unaware of the particular Spanish origins of the struggle, many Europeans saw the civil war as a crucial conflict between democracy and dictatorship, or from the other side, as a conflict between law and order and the forces of social revolution and chaos.
yeah the uh the thing that's kind of interesting uh about this my sons in the Air Force
no she was a she went to college and you know correspondence courses and whatnot but my parents were in my dad was in the Air Force
In retaliation for this unsuccessful attempt to expel Westerners from Beijing, military forces representing the eight foreign nations resident in the capital went on a rampage, destroying the national library and even setting fire to the Summer Palace.
it's uh uh uh uh my father was in the Air Force so
Article 9 renounced Japan’s right to maintain armed forces, although the ambiguous wording was later taken to permit the creati on of a “self-defense” force.
and and it was very interesting how he did it and uh i mean i'm i'm an Air Force officer so it uh it was interesting for me uh you know i'd certainly
From there it was easy to make the transition to taking goods by subterfuge or by force.
i was in the Air Force for uh a little while and they had a random type thing going
Advancing inland to attack the Balinese base at Jagaraga, they were ambushed by a bigger but less well-armed force led by Jelantik, younger brother of the Raja of Bululeng.
you know each child has to learn at his own rate they can't keep force feeding things to each other and
One of the uniting forces for the nationalist movement after the defeat of Napoleon were the Lesecafés (reading cafés) such as Spargnapani and Kranzler.
and if society well for instance if society sort of forces themselves on somebody you know you hear it once in a while you hear about these incidences where uh
Chandragupta extended his rule to the northwest with a rigorous campaign against the Greek forces of Seleucus Nikator.
but seeing what drugs did to him makes me see makes me realize what it could do to people you know in the work force as well
For undermanned Guadeloupe and Martinique, the French pirates were critically important: in return for a safe haven, they carried in supplies, raided enemy merchant vessels, and joined battles against invading forces.
had a very small guard force and they had very little problems with their their inmates
It is Viking vocabulary used today to describe many of the features of the landscape: fell (highland plateau), tarn (small lake), and force (waterfall) are all words from Scandinavian languages.
that's right i do recommend the force savings bit the uh they take it out of your paycheck before you see it because then it doesn't hurt
Although Britain remained officially neutral and British subjects were forbidden from taking part in the hostilities, the Bermudians pitched in to help supply British arms and goods to the Confederate cause against the Union forces.
the work force with the the salaries that a lot of a lot of the women that i work for have husbands who are um vice presidents of companies and i think with uh um
To the west of Naoussa is Kolymbithres, a growing resort whose beaches are surrounded by strange rock features that are folded by immense natural forces and eroded by the wind.
and maybe the Air Force Academy is appropriate as you said for someone who you know a more you know who needs to learn self-discipline and so forth would be appropriate for them
The first Barrett family member came to Jamaica with the invading English forces.
right right and the Air Force is one of the bitter better military supposedly military military experiences i mean
The most memorable incident occurred in 1868 in the mountain town of Lares, when government forces crushed an uprising of secessionists, killing or jailing the insurgents, and many innocent victims.
Air Force uh i he tried to get in there
In 1870, Prussian Chan­cellor Bismarck exploited an obscure diplomatic conflict with France to unite the various German principalities and kingdoms into a fighting force well equipped for war.
and trucking industry when they pulled the plugs away from from that a lot of the safety that used to be in force disappeared the independent truckers will run on thin tires and
Sítio, the 90-m (300-ft) cliff at the north end of Nazaré, offers an excellent vantage point over the green hilly countryside, the tiled roofs of the neatly packed town, and mile after mile of beach open to the full force of the Atlantic Ocean.
Sixty Minutes did an article on this whole subject subject a few uh a few years ago and there was a Air Force Captain
The Parsis base their elaborate code of ethics on the concept of a constant struggle existing between the forces of creation — that is, light and good — and those of darkness and evil.
died down on that i thought it was interesting that recently here the Warsaw Pact no longer exists as a militory military force but it's merely an economic now
From 1808 to 1814, Spain again became a battleground, with British forces taking on Napoleon’s troops in the Peninsular War.
and and there's no way that you can get him unless it's by force
Here the remains of a massive Venetian fortress destroyed by invading Ottoman forces can be found.
yep from Plattsburgh Air Force Base
The Hittite Empire eventually collapsed following invasion from the west by the Achaeans, the Phrygians, and a mysterious force known only as the “Sea People. ”
when we got out of school my husband got recalled into the Air Force when the Korean mess came up
When Cretan partisans kidnapped General Kreipe, head of the occupying forces on the island, the Germans unleashed a terrible reprisal here.
and uh developed uh uh a free enterprise capitalistic type of economy with a common form of government that they could have uh uh been a force in the world though
In the War of 1812, retreating British forces chose to destroy it rather than let it fall into American hands.
because even if you said okay you know armed forces could have them
As the storage time increased, the required force needed to dislodge the copings also increased (Table 5).
Once safely on the boats, the ammunition made its way to the rebel forces.
The night Operation Allied Force began, Primakov, en route to the United States for loan negotiations, turned his plane around in midair, losing the money but gaining immense popularity at home.
The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon, dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed, with twelve deaths the result.
After the attacks had occurred, while crisis managers were still sorting out a number of unnerving false alarms, Air Force One flew to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana.
While the plan at the elementary school had been to return to Washington, by the time Air Force One was airborne at 9:55 A.M. the Secret Service, the President's advisers, and Vice President Cheney were strongly advising against it.
The President's military aide, an Air Force officer, quickly researched the options and, sometime around 10:20, identified Barksdale Air Force Base as an appropriate interim destination.
When Air Force One landed at Barksdale at about 11:45, personnel from the local Secret Service office were still en route to the airfield.
Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska was chosen because of its elaborate command and control facilities, and because it could accommodate overnight lodging for 50 persons.
The secretary of defense directed the nation's armed forces to Defense Condition 3, an increased state of military readiness.
In the late afternoon, the President overruled his aides' continuing reluctance to have him return to Washington and ordered Air Force One back to Andrews Air Force Base.
It included a determination to use military force if necessary to end al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
In an innovative joint effort, CIA and Special Operations forces would be deployed to work together with each major Afghan faction opposed to the Taliban.
In December 2001, Afghan forces, with limited U.S. support, engaged al Qaeda elements in a cave complex called Tora Bora.
The three-week battle was substantially successful, and almost all remaining al Qaeda forces took refuge in Pakistan's equally mountainous and lightly governed frontier provinces.
Within about two months of the start of combat operations, several hundred CIA operatives and Special Forces soldiers, backed by the striking power of U.S. aircraft and a much larger infrastructure of intelligence and support efforts, had combined with Afghan militias and a small number of other coalition soldiers to destroy theTaliban regime and disrupt al Qaeda.
Still reeling from the effects of the Persian devastation, Jerusalem was conquered in 638 by the forces of Islam.
West Jerusalem, separated from the rest of the new Jewish nation, held out under siege for several months until Israeli forces secured a land corridor connecting the city to the coastal areas.
23 In the mid-nineteenth century, it was relatively easy to believe that we were in the grip of a great historical force, possibly emanating from a higher power.
During my time in senior high, and, after that, in the Army Air Force, I had other things on my mind (there was a war on, after all), and I didn't give the MUSKRAT-MUSKAT-MUSCAT RAMBLE problem any thought.
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association, a joint industry-government trade group.
After they checked, found out he was in security service with the Air Force, they said, "OK," I could go ahead back and stay there if I wanted and they gave me a certain time to report to the CIA Headquarters, which I can say that name, and needless to say, I was up there for a week and I, I can't say anything else what happened or anything.
Dierent Calabi-Yau spaces, or more generally, dierent compactified moduli, with dierent kinds of holes around which strings can wrap zero, one, or more times correspond to dierent laws of physics with dierent particles and forces.
In Europe, the Catholic cardinal, master of practical politics, was not above supporting the Protestant Swedish, Danish, and German forces in the Thirty Years’ War against the Catholic Austrians, Italians, and Spanish.
This is Chief Master Sergeant Clem Francis, retired from the US Air Force.
With general relativity, which deals with the remaining force, gravity; this provides a consistent framework.
In 1266, they financed the mercenary army of Charles d’Anjou to defeat the imperial forces — and take the Sicilian throne.
Faculty can be a pretty serious force when they believe in the rightness of something like this.
Of course I came back, after a week, to Laughlin Air Force base, and then shortly thereafter I got orders I could bring my family and everything to Las Vegas, NV and I couldn't tell my wife or anything about why I was going there because I didn't know.
A positive cosmological constant expresses itself as a repulsive force between masses that increases with the distance between those masses.
Adjoining Triana is Vegueta, the oldest part of the city, where Spanish forces first set up camp in 1478.
So, instead of despair over the loss of good old America, let's take a compassionate look at the whole planet: living creatures nearly ruined, cherished moral and religious ideals perverted into family values, and competing, hostile forces that nations can not control.
it becoming you know a dominant force in their life
Special Operations Forces into Afghanistan, perhaps as part of a team joined to a deployment of the CIA's own officers, would have required a major policy initiative (probably combined with efforts to secure the support of at least one or two neighboring countries) to make a long-term commitment, establish a durable presence on the ground, and be prepared to accept the associated risks and costs.
Two forces led Huxley to advance the date at which his society would arrive.
In the meantime the Air Force bought the SR71, now the A-12, that we were working with the CIA.
Hence, the laws, forces, and particles can deform into one another in a space of laws, forces, and particles.
To counter Protestantism the Catholic Spanish instigated the vicious and cruel force of Inquisition.
"In social systems," Siegfried groans out between thrusts of the Softening Machine, "Freddie Hayek tells me, '[t]his means that, though the use of spontaneous ordering forces enables us to induce the formation of an order of such a degree of complexity (namely comprising elements of such numbers, diversity and variety of conditions) as we could never master intellectually, or deliberately arrange, we will have less power over the details of such an order than we would of one which we produce by arrangement.
Air Force Captain he swore up and down that he didn't do anything
The mission commander for the Predator flights, Air Force Major Mark A. Cooter, had registered his opposition to redeploying the aircraft back in December 2000: "given the cost/benefit from these continued missions it seems senseless."
Meanwhile, Britain's Independent reported that the PKK Kurdish separatist group has started to withdraw its forces from Turkey into northern Iraq a week earlier than previously announced.
He was the only casualty of the Cuban Crisis, and uh, Kaiser uh, he got the pictures and flew straight to Andrews Air Force in Washington.
Using Newton’s vectorial composition of forces rules, we can decompose the motion of the real particle into its motions in the x direction, the y direction, and the z direction.
Desperate for work, perhaps 20 percent of the Bahamian population left to take construction jobs in Florida between the turn of the century and World War I. During that war hundreds of Bahamians saw active service with British forces.
Is a landless desperate, anomic labor force
no i am i work at for the Air Force so there is a base up here and
President Reagan quickly withdrew U.S. forces from Lebanon-a reversal later routinely cited by jihadists as evidence of U.S. weakness.
The USAT front-page "cover story" on the Timor terror says that a team there to observe the independence referendum made a tape, from a radio scanner, of communications between Indonesian special forces and the marauding anti-independence militias.
And I thought that was a privilege, and it's still, it's still, I was the only nine two-two Ex-O which was my AFFC Air Force Career field.
They began to recognize that the union was a necessary stabilizing force.
It is here that you can best appreciate the tour de force of geometric planning the avenues represent.
more recreation people would have time to do it there'd be less of a stress level we'd have less we'd have less crime we'd have to we'd have to build less prisons we'd need you know less police force
A State Intake and Advice Task Force will be convened in 2001 to examine ways in which to integrate and coordinate intake and advise practices across the state.
Buffy Shutt was offering the Hollywood consensus that teen-age girls are becoming the dominant force influencing the success of movies.
And if you are a military force fighting against an enemy whose strategy changes persistently deform your payo landscape and whose eorts are to destroy your capacity to fight, you had best operate even further back from the phase transition in the survivable regime.
Meanwhile an Ottoman force had been dispatched from Istanbul to counter the French.
i did you see that thing on uh 60 Minutes about the uh the Air Force pilot who um they there was a mistake at the lab
This political process focused as much on social considerations as on the kinds of market forces that shape competitive outcomes.
"We can count not only on our forces and our friends but also, in the long term, on Western public opinion," he said.
The plastic bristles were stiff enough to support the fabric layer under the force of vacuum while remaining sufficiently flexible to deflect out of the path of the knife.
Soon after, German forces launched an occupation of Kraków, where they based their governing body, and laid siege to Warsaw.
he uh he was drummed out of the Air Force and he spent i think something like seven years working you know before he was able to work his way back through the the courts to be uh
After the Saudis agreed to allow U.S. armed forces to be based in the Kingdom, Bin Ladin and a number of Islamic clerics began to publicly denounce the arrangement.
When a first-edition Powell book goes up for auction on eBay, the same three or four of us bid; I've often thought we should join forces for some harmless price-fixing.
Carnot titled his work “An Investigation on the Motive Force of Heat.”
The town’s artistic and commercial worlds have joined forces in recent years to preserve the old business district’s handsome turn-of-the-century architecture as a lively shopping and restaurant neighborhood, north of Notre-Dame Avenue between Princess Street and Main Street.
i guess the biggest one is number of women in the work force
At 9:08, Indianapolis Center asked Air Force Search and Rescue at Langley Air Force Base to look for a downed aircraft.
According to government statistics, 92 percent of the indigenous work force is employed by the government.
Children were especially at risk, because this force could be lost through the fontanelle, which was not yet fully closed.
Revenues from tax collection dwindled, ambitious palace eunuchs plotted, reform schemes failed, and rebellious forces threatened.
kind of like the Mitre Corporation only uh uh we work mainly with the Air Force in terms of satellites
Force suppression has been observed with elevations in [cGMP] [ 6 7 ] , [cAMP] [ 8 ] , extracellular [Mg 2+] [ 9 ] , and with some pharmacologic treatments.
Which, in fact, despite the quite widespread deployment of U.S. forces in hot scenarios, is virtually never mentioned in the papers.
Each of these dierent ways of being on the tube or torus and the corresponding modes of vibration constitute dierent particles and forces.
During World War II, the rapid advance of the German forces through mainland Greece in 1941 forced the Allies to retreat to Crete.
full force into it but they're trying so we're attempting it
It also allowed us to give greater consideration to performance and employee skills and knowledge in any Reduction-in-Force actions.
Once the opposition is dead, and all but the most compliant are purged from the dictator's forces, what's there to worry about?
Work is more than force acting through distance; it is, in fact, the constrained release of energy, the release of energy into a small number of degrees of freedom.
At first ill fortune dogged them; the dwindling force was besieged in Champotón, on the west coast, for two miserable years.
um when i was in the Air Force i used to be up in South Dakota
First came Comptroller General Staats, who took office in 1966, and was a driving force behind GAO's emphasis on program evaluation and making the agency's work more useful to the Congress.
Like police officers, bounty hunters are authorized to use "all reasonable force " to apprehend skips.
Or, in the terms of the last chapter, the mountainous fitness landscape of a species or a firm or an armed force can change and persistently deform due to coevolution when other species or firms or adversaries change strategies.
With Austrian and German armies massing on France’s frontiers and the forces of counter-revolution gathering inside the country, the militant revolutionary Jacobins led by Max­i­milien de Robespierre saw the king’s flight as the ultimate betrayal.
and really it it we were really forced into keeping a budget because i'm i'm paid once a month which sort of sort of forces some uh
Force was suppressed in all heat-treated tissues regardless of recovery time.
Nevertheless, the next day's paper led with an offer of support from the Spanish leader, José Maria Aznar, which included giving the U.S. forces access to the bases.
Del Castillo believes that Doña Marina was following her religious faith and belief in a godly force, the prophecies of Quetzalcoatl, and did not think she was betraying her people.
Start at the Place de l’Etoile (officially Place Charles-de-Gaulle, but nobody calls it that), preferably at the top of Napoleon’s gigantic Arc de Triomphe, from which you’ll get a good view of the 12-pointed star formed by the avenues radiating from the arch in a tour de force of geometric planning.
well you know you know what's you know what's always good is sort of a force savings where they just take money out of you're pay we did that for awhile where um
Together they had a force of 130 attorneys and the responsibility to serve the civil legal needs of about 550,000 poor and vulnerable people throughout the state.
The coverage reports that although the (mostly Australian) peacekeeping troops found calm at the airstrip where they touched down, the Australian general in overall command said his forces would respond "robustly" to any armed resistance.
During World War II, the apparel and textile industries had been converted to supply field jackets, overcoats, and uniforms to the U.S. and Allied Forces.
Late in the 18th century, British and French forces fought bloody hand-to-hand battles for this strategic hill, considered the key to the defense of all Guadeloupe.
you know by force there's there's no no real question about that and some of the countries that were forced in at the later dates is the three Baltic countries you know came in in the forties
3. This finding is consistent with the hypothesis that different temperatures reduce force by different mechanisms.
By forbidding its dealers to compete with each other via prices, Schwinn forces them to compete with each other via quality of service, to the ultimate benefit of consumers.
This force was known as tonalli, and was found throughout the body, but resided primarily in the head.
It had only a limited influence in Bali, however, where people continued in their ancient animist beliefs, worshipping the spirits of the mountains, rivers, and other natural forces.
i'm in the Air Force
Asked how the Corporation Counsel's Office could take on the expanded work while its own legal staff was being cut, Thomas L. McMahon, the general counsel of the City Council, said that in view of the city's "terribly difficult fiscal circumstances," the City Council plan provides a better way of "managing the city's work force given the resources we have."
Kim, 9 years old in 1972, had taken shelter with others in a pagoda when the American military ordered the South Vietnamese air force to attack her village of Trang Bang because it had been infiltrated by enemy forces.
Thus, string theory can dream of uniting quantum mechanics and general relativity, and it has, in fact, produced the entity carrying the gravitational force, the graviton, in a natural way.
Its very name became a verb in English: “to shanghai” meant to abduct by trickery or force.
or um out of the country or or join special forces either one
These structures determine cell shape and also produce the driving force accompanying many types of cellular movements including muscle contraction and cell division.
The Crispix came back in force; in fact, the last time I was at the supermarket, the checker gazed at my overflowing cart and said: "Lot of cereal eaters in your house, are there?"
String theory has gained very substantial attention as a potential “theory of everything,” namely, a theory that might link all four forces and all the particles of the standard model into a single coherent framework.
In the absence of a well-established judiciary or organized police force, law and order was enforced by vigilantes, and summary hanging was the usual sentence.
policies against uh drug use and uh uh dealing and things like that so yeah the death penalty uh exists and it is put in force
In a delicious turn, Christopher Plummer makes the co-anchor less a journalist than a pompous prima donna, but he also gives him a bullying force and real charisma.
There are many reasons for this shift away from home sewing, including the growing number of women in the labor force.
Dole and others thought it high time for a US coup, and they were able to persuade the US naval forces to assist in deposing the Queen in 1893.
well i'm uh i'm a second lieutenant in the Air Force and so i travel a lot and yeah i'm a engineer at uh at the laboratory Rolm Laboratory Griffis Air Force Base up here so
In their model, the minimal contractile force required for stabilizing each of these intermediate shapes is proportional to the global steady state stiffness of the cell and is dependent on the extent of furrow ingression.
One issue making the talks sticky, says the Wall Street Journal , is how to keep the Albanian separatists from taking advantage of any NATO show of force.
They did not need the coercive force of government behind them.
Rather than compromise, the king fled Paris in a vain effort to join up with armed forces hostile to the Revolution.
just force individuals into perpetuating the same activity and gives them no incentive whatever to solve their own problems
The task force recommended that Hewlett Packard consolidate its transaction processing activities such as accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll, and fixed assets accounting from over 100 decentralized centers into just 8 Financial Service Centers worldwide.
As you might expect, the plant's work force has been struck with all kinds of cancer.
Physicists have an answer  work is force acting through distance  given by a single number, or scalar, representing the sum of the force acting through the distance.
Whatever their origins, their culture evolved under the pressure and influence of foreign forces.
i'm in the Air Force and so
The PAPD suffered 37 fatalities-the largest loss of life of any police force in history.
It is up to the buyer--and the buyer's title company--to discover them in the "chain of title" and to determine if they have any legal force or effect.
The three terms, F, M, and A = force, mass, and acceleration = argued Poincaré, admit no independent definitions.
In November 1946, Ngurah Rai and his men were trapped by Dutch forces close to this village, 12 km (7 miles) northwest of Mengwi.
so i i don't know you like you said i don't know how much how much they're taking from the work force you know
Suitable bases in neighboring countries were not available and, even if the U.S. forces were sent in, it was not clear where they would go to find Bin Ladin.
Similarly, why is the Post waiting until page 32 to tell us that the U.S. has decided to send more than 2,000 Marines into Kosovo as part of a multi-national peace-keeping force?
The notion that our life force belongs to God accounts for the views of virtually all secular liberal systems that no one can validly consent to his or her own killing at the hand of another.
yeah and one things that they're saying now are you going are you a student or are you in the work force or
The arterial wall remodels in response to hemodynamic forces imposed on it by blood pressure and blood flow.
Indeed, the Goldmans' rabbi told the Washington Post that Fred has become a "moral force" for justice.
At a certain point we have to trust the unplanned, powerful forces of civil society.
A number of Hong Kong’s monuments were damaged during this time: St. John’s Cathedral was turned into a military club, the old governor’s lodge on the Peak was burned down, and the commandant of the occupation forces rebuilt the colonial governor’s mansion in Japanese style.
he went into the Navy or Air Force i just really get my military i married into a military family and i don't know i really address them all as generals so i don't offend anybody
The work of the task forces was supported by the Legal Services Response Team, consisting of the directors of the legal services programs and directors of the Bar Foundation and Bar Association.
Hence the United States should intervene--and with overwhelming force.
But force and mass are, said Poincaré, joined at the hip, codefined, one in terms of the other.
In the Upper Basilica, reopened in 2000 after intense round-the-clock restoration, Cimabue’s works in the apse and left transept have turned black, looking like photo negatives because of the oxidized white lead in his paints, yet you can still feel the intensity of the crowd’s anguish in his Crucifixion, blessedly untouched by the earthquake’s damaging force.
we got off the plane at the Air Force base and i was just yeah
The history of domesticated plant form and function evolves along a two-tiered track that doubles back on itself, offering panoramic vistas of natural forces intertwined with the creative force of human endeavor (Figure 1).
Tom Owens is the 30-year-old, handsome, vegetarian, jean-clad driving force behind Genesis, a California enterprise that has become extremely successful extremely quickly.
As Ottoman forces made their way toward this last refuge, the Abbot ordered that a shot be fired into the explosive.
i think it's generally that switch over and i and i think that switch over has been more in the work force i don't think that women are treated as equals in the home as much as they are in the work force
Prepared for: Canadian Council of Ministers of the Environment Task Force on Cleaner Vehicles and Fuels, Winnipeg, Manitoba.
But then what plays the role of Christmas, the background force that causes both phenomena?
When the vacuum pump comes on, five pounds of force per square foot push down on the fabric.
Finally, with the help of the British under the duke of Wellington, the Spanish expelled the occupying forces.
large portions of your life are controlled by forces that aren't particularly interested in your welfare and um
Markle Foundation Task Force report, Creating a Trusted Information Network, p.
Once the terms of Russia's involvement in the Kosovo peacekeeping force had been agreed Monday, the Russian press started to worry about the financial effects of the country's participation.
The society as a whole undertakes to protect the self-worth of those who fall prey to superior forces.
King Felipe II ordered El Escorial built in celebration of Spain’s victory over French forces in 1557 at the battle of St. Quentin, in France.
yeah that's one way to do it because that that forces you to pay for it instead of saying well i'll just pay on it this month and
Meanwhile, Russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent (as the United States will still do).
John Ruskin, too, considered Gothic a moral force, but since he also loved Venice, polychrome Ruskinian Gothic has many Italian overtones.
In fact, a German art historian rescued this tour de force of early Islamic decoration at the turn of the century by persuading the Sultan of Turkey not to use it as building material for a railway link to Mecca.
South Dakota no i'm an officer in the Air Force at uh Griffis Air Force Base
Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue blocks from female patients with breast lesions were retrieved from files of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology.
All of this illustrates the basic economic problem in the world today, made only worse by the information revolution, what the IMF's Michel Camdessus calls in the WP "contagion"--transnational forces of panic that lie beyond the tools of policy makers.
The code, more liberal than the laws elsewhere in the South, remained in force in Louisiana for a century.
that's the way to do it i mean and that's you know at least the Air Force is i don't know i just um
He stated that broad consensus exists on a majority of issues before the Task Force and that remaining areas of disagreement are expected to be resolved in short order.
Funding for science research at 28 national laboratories may be more defensible, but even a DOE task force recommended an end to government ownership of the labs.
Physicists, biologists, and philosophers no longer look for a mysterious élan vital, some ethereal vital force that animates matter.
Following the looting of a ship in 1841, the Dutch decided to use force.
uh they're already doing it in the armed forces where they handle weapons and so forth uh they do it to prisoners so i i uh
The latter K +contraction was used for force normalization.
"All writers, of course, have needed the one called the 'editor,' who singularly, almost mystically, embodies the many-faceted, unique life force infusing the entire enchilada."
The hope is that maximizing constructive interferences would pick out the Calabi-Yau space corresponding to our particles and forces.
In September 1687 Venetian forces threatened Athens and one of their mortars hit the Parthenon, igniting the powder inside.
oh yeah momentum is uh driving force in our lives
The flexible ligand / grid receptor docking algorithm implemented in ICM was applied, with ECEPP/3 force field and MMFF partial charges for the ligand, and hydrophobic, electrostatic, hydrogen-bond and surface potential maps for the receptor [ 18 19 10 ] . Further optimization with flexible ligand and full atom representation of the receptor was carried out by local energy minimization, where all side-chains within 6 A of the ligand were flexible [ 18 ] . When docking was performed in the presence of a water molecule, the later was included in the grid representation of the receptor, and was mobile during full-atom local minimization.
Izvestiya said the use of force against Yugoslavia would revive the Cold War.
As Arab armies massed on the borders of Israel in 1967, the Israeli Air Force destroyed the air forces of Egypt, Syria, Jordan, and Iraq with a preemptive strike.
income for New York state you know i'm a second i'm a second lieutenant in the Air Force now and uh
"All Blacks humbled by a French tour de force" said the Daily Telegraph , calling it "the biggest upset in the history of the Rugby World Cup."
The parallel between spin networks with dierent fundamental amplitude laws and the family of string and M-brane theories that can deform into one another is that in both theories we confront a family of theories having the property that dierent members of the family correspond to dierent particles, forces, and laws.
It’s believed that the lights held by the bishop and the women of the city fooled the British forces in the bay into assuming that Spanish reinforcements had arrived.
all those things then they add up and that force savings really comes in handy then
Because binding of cell-surface receptors to polyethylenimine filters is rather insensitive to ionic strength, the ionic phenomenon is thought to be supplemented by hydrophobic forces and hydrogen binding [ 32 ] . The method used with Y-79 cells and radiolabeled PEDF has been described before in detail [ 18 ] . Briefly, cells cultured overnight in serum-deprived medium at 37°C were transferred to ice/water bath for 10 minutes before the addition of ligand.
Sacks' accounts of aphasia or amnesia or autism or Tourette's syndrome provide a certain believe-it-or-not quotient for the lay reader; they also have the force of parables.
Within current string theory, it appears that it is still not certain that there exists a Calabi-Yau space whose string or M-brane inhabitants would actually correspond to the known particles and forces, but hopes are high.
Nemesis was on hand again when the German occupation forces made this their headquarters during a ﬁnal stand in 1945.
uh you know whether it be a biblical force uh you know the eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth a life for a knife life type logic
In late 1999, Washington provided some support for talks among the leaders of exile Afghan groups, including the ousted Rome-based King Zahir Shah and Hamid Karzai, about bolstering anti-Taliban forces inside Afghanistan and linking the RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 125 Northern Alliance with Pashtun groups.
A strange and powerful gravitational force surrounded that stale and unloved arena that night.
However, even if there is a Calabi-Yau space whose strings and M-branes do correspond to our known particles and forces, string theorists have the diculty that it is not clear how the current universe happens to choose the correct Calabi-Yau space.
These early temples were destroyed by the Persian forces of Xerxes in 480 b.c.
i know when my mother was a you know going into the work force there wasn't very many opportunities for her i guess she's in her late forties you were expected to stay home and take care of the kids and i've never faced that at all
The network designed for sharing information, and the work of the FBI through local Joint Terrorism Task Forces, should build a reciprocal relationship, in which state and local agents understand what information they are looking for and, in return, receive some of the information being developed about what is happening, or may happen, in their communities.
”As for lay for lie , whose force of usage has by now almost won acceptance into the standard language, we find in Pepys's entry for June 22, 1667: “..
Throughout this book, we have touched on myriad forces that make contemporary parenting highly challenging.
This time the British forces, less than 3,000 strong but in possession of superior weapons and tactics, outfought the Chinese.
well won't well maybe they used a little bit too much force with stuff like that but then then you know the defense lawyer addressed each and every one of those blows apparently
Le Figaro reported that the KLA claims to control "just about 40 percent of Kosovo" and to be in close contact with NATO forces, from which it could call in air support at any time.
When storage time only was compared there was a significant increase in retention force with time (Table 5).
At the Santa Fe Institute, biologist Stuart Kauffman claims to have glimpsed--deep in his computer simulations--a mysterious "antichaos" force that counteracts the tendency of all physical systems to drift toward disorder.
This result suggests that the decreased force observed at 47.
The Air Force's Civil Air Patrol also gets money to help find downed planes and pilots.
Certainly since Erving Goffman's seminal work on stigma in the early 1960s, stigma (plural stigmata) has been recognized as “an attribute that is significantly discrediting,” and it is known as a potent and painful force in individual lives [15].
) For another, Trump's candidacy, and the Reform Party generally, reflects a larger, important trend in politics, and may be the surest sign yet that ideology as a force in national elections is dead.
Sharif came back to his earlier proposal and won approval for U.S. assistance in training a Pakistani special forces team for an operation against Bin Ladin.
Newsweek excerpts the forthcoming memoir of former Air Force bomber pilot Kelly Flinn, who was discharged for adultery.
The case study method seemed born to help, but the forces of time and cost associated with making multisite evaluations led to considerable adaptation.
Yesterday Milosevic reiterated his staunch refusal to withdraw forces from Kosovo--"even if the price is bombing"--and shunned meetings with American diplomats.
Officials from the Pentagon said they could scramble aircraft from Langley Air Force Base, but they would need to go to the President for rules of engagement, and there was no mechanism to do so.
RIF Reduction in force.
Of the two additional key terms, the van der Waals component operates with a very short range force and essentially prevents atom-atom interpenetration.
The Times Bosnia dispatch, by blue-chip foreign correspondent Chris Hedges, describes an increasingly serious situation: Thousands of Serbian police and troops backed by artillery and tanks pressing into the Albanian forces surrounding a Serbian pocket.
SAEM Substance Abuse Task Force.
The most concise is in USAT , which says that a section of the 1995 consent decree "bans Microsoft from signing licensing agreements that force PC makers to also license other Microsoft products.
Moscow declared it would pull its military forces out of Afghanistan within the next nine months.
The Post writes that the Department of Justice's campaign finance task force has been continually stymied by unfavorable court decisions and lack of cooperation from essential witnesses, and will soon close shop.
At the other end of the spectrum, slow oxidative fibers generate force with slower kinetics but are capable of long periods of repeated contraction without fatigue.
Chapter 1, a k a the "Benjy" chapter, was deemed "a tour de force ranking with anything Joyce, Dickens, or Shakespeare wrote" by the thread's host.
Legal work is coordinated through OSLSA and the Litigation Director's Task Force, which was created during the planning process.
Human-rights groups argue that the current tribunals, having no police force to back them up, are too weak to be effective.
The force values, needed to dislodge the copings, were used for the statistical evaluation.
However he did not, observes the paper, agree to withdraw his Serbian security forces from the area.
The statewide substantive task forces have been reinvigorated, with support from the Training and Legal Information Facilitator, who has established substantive e-mail groups and organizes task force meetings, in addition to planning and organizing a number of statewide substantive training events.
But on the whole, I think he was a positive force in the way he reduced the rancor and disillusionment that had grown so corrosive in the late '60s and '70s.
This suggests that profound exercise can increase regional temperature to levels that could potentially induce ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and force suppression.
3) The Wall Street Journal accelerated the backspin against military action with a Wednesday piece criticizing "facile Washington commentary" that exaggerates the ease of deposing or crippling Saddam Hussein through force.
4The labor force projection reflects the OASDI Trustees' 2001 intermediate assumptions, including those for fertility, immigration, and labor force participation.
Everyone in America knows "May the force be with you" and what a Wookiee is, just as everyone knows "Yabba dabba doo!"
7, 2004); Langley Air Force Base 119th Fighter Wing briefing (Oct.
AAPS's request for a temporary injunction against Clinton's health-care task force was rejected by a U.S.
An organization's internal forces include its culture, its management practices, and its business processes.
Meanwhile, Russia is debating whether to cut its conventional forces and authorize first use of its nukes as a substitute deterrent (as the United States will still do).
NYPD interview 20, Manhattan SouthTask Force (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 21, 6th Precinct (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 19, 13th Precinct (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 4, Housing (Feb.
But only the WP explains why: He has never served in the armed forces and while serving as the government's science and technology minister, is known to have antagonized some of the top brass by forcing them to make certain technical purchases.
It also provides expert case assistance and coordination of the statewide substantive law task forces.
Thus we have the Concord Coalition types, who are always whining that the national debt forces them to live well at their grandchildren's expense.
3. There is a clear relation between reduced histamine-induced force and increased ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation with all treatments except the 47.
It is not the first time that actors have tried to seize the reins of production--that was in 1919, when Mary Pickford, Charles Chaplin, and Douglas Fairbanks joined forces with William S. Hart and D.W.
Use of the Delta Force at Waco is controversial because of the 1878 Posse Comitatus Act, which makes it illegal to use federal troops to enforce laws within U.S. territory, except when a presidential waiver is granted.
The sarcomere length was established in a clear region of the bundle, close to the force transducer.
This shortage forces satellite companies to exploit all available opportunities.
These fighters, part of the 113th Wing of the District of Columbia Air National Guard, launched out of Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland in response to information passed to them by the Secret Service.
Once she finds out, father and daughter join forces in proselytizing against it.
Equipment that wears out must be replaced; younger workers entering the labor force need to be trained in skills to replace older workers as they retire.
Mr. Secretary says that Thursday's missile strike signifies a "long term, fundamental way in which the United States intends to combat the forces of terror."
Intelligence entities of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines
What happened in the Senate, the papers report, is that in successive votes to force floor consideration of two campaign reform measures--one simply a ban of the unregulated campaign use of donations made to the national political parties ("soft money"), the other a broader bill that also would have tightened rules about "issue ads" that actually function in support of particular candidates--the pro forces achieved slim majorities, but fell short of the 60 votes required to cut off a filibuster against the measures.
When he joked in early 1994 that Federal Communications Commission chief commissioner Reed Hundt should be shot for ordering rate reductions, the idea that the dark side of the Force was shaping the digital future was hard to resist.
Furthermore, during the summer of 2001, KSM approached Bin Ladin with the idea of recruiting a Saudi Arabian air force pilot to commandeer a Saudi fighter jet and attack the Israeli city of Eilat.
Maybe they'll conclude that common sense is the enemy of the Force and fight it to the death.
It came in April 1980 during the Iranian hostage crisis, when Navy helicopters with Marine pilots flew to a site known as Desert One, some 200 miles southeast of Tehran, to rendezvous with Air Force planes carrying Delta Force commandos and fresh fuel.
The portraits, in which he used calm observation and academic skill to depict external reality while representing the interior through distortion and paper-tearing physical force, are more troubling than many of the interestingly science-fictional renderings of his visions, for example.
“We know what forces we have to apply to the images to do this”, he explains, “which tells us which areas of the brain have changed most during primate evolution”.
The head of Indonesian forces on Timor warned the international forces not to pursue militiamen into West Timor.
The Air Force expects to buy 341 at a total acquisition cost (development and procurement) estimated at $69.
Hoffa will likely win the next Teamsters election, but the union is too weakened by corruption and too bullied by management and the feds to be the force it once was.
SAEM Substance Abuse Task Force.
(Several Republican consultants pointed out that the greater political threat to moderate House Republicans in 2000 was a primary challenge from pro-impeachment forces.)
A special Israeli commando force stormed the plane, killed all the terrorists, and rescued all but one of the hostages.
France responded to this highhandedness by embarking on a crash program to develop its own nuclear force, and by evicting NATO forces from French soil.
To relate the amount of cleavage furrow myosin-II to the potential forces that might be generated by the cleavage furrow cortex, we estimated the minimal force requirements for cell cleavage using the simple mathematical relationship proposed by Yoneda and Dan [ 4 ] . While oversimplified, the results from this analysis provide a basic framework for conceptualizing the meaning of our quantitative distribution and flux analyses.
The Air Force says the case was less about adultery and more about Flinn's subsequent lying and cover-up.
Since other proteins are likely to contribute to contractile force production, the quantitation of the amount of myosin-II recruited to the cleavage furrow cortex allows us to estimate how much force can be provided by myosin-II.
But the underlying psychological forces will still be there, taking their toll.
Fatigue data were analyzed by t -test comparing mean values of measured to initial force ratio.
In a joint press conference with Chinese President Jiang Zemin, Clinton said, "I believe, and the American people believe, that the use of force and the tragic loss of life was wrong."
Al Qaeda leaders set up a Nairobi cell and used it to send weapons and trainers to the Somali warlords battling U.S. forces, an operation directly supervised by al Qaeda's military leader.
You possibly saw Cartlidge in supporting roles in Naked and Breaking the Waves . You haven't seen her in full gale force.
The force is plotted relative to the highest force obtained at any length in a given experiment.
British military and political leader who commanded forces in North Carolina during the American Revolution.
The longitudinal particle motion due to the ultrasonic wave moves the ions back and forth through the magnetic field; this results in Lorentz forces on the ions that give rise to an electric current density that oscillates at the ultrasonic frequency.
A commentary in the Jakarta Post warned that Australia's leadership of the peacekeeping force could destroy the hitherto close relationship between Australia and Indonesia.
Pretreatment at 2°C induced a small, insignificant increase in ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation without significant effects on force.
India responded by sending more armed forces to the region.
The Army immediately set about creating the Delta Force, one of whose missions was hostage rescue.
The Wall Street Journal features a Desert Storm memoir by active-duty Air Force Gen.
This is an exception to the above MRLC phosphorylation paradigm since phosphorylated myosin should cycle and produce force.
At the risk of letting you lure me into a very old argument, I'd say Eleanor was a force for ill.
Stress (MPa), σ, is defined as the intensity of internal force over the unit cross-sectional area of the original specimen [ 1 ] . The definition of strain (% or m/m), ε, is the change in length of the specimen, divided by its initial length [ 1 ] . Strain with percentage units is obtained by multiplying the m/m form by 100.
But we suspect that other forces are at work as well.
Eukaryotes also have far more noncoding DNA, which could potentially isolate coding regions from selection for genomic GC content if this were an important force: however, for this analysis we consider only the coding regions, which still differ greatly in composition among different eukaryotes (suggesting that selection has not acted to conserve the GC content of coding sequences).
Even worse, the comparison does not account for the fact that most members of the armed forces are younger and less educated than civilian workers.
Although the conclusion that amino acids with GC-rich codon doublets are more frequent in GC-rich genomes, and that those with AU-rich codon doublets are more frequent in AT-rich genomes, is neither new nor surprising [ 34], our model accurately and quantitatively predicts these responses for essentially all codons and amino acids by invoking forces acting on individual nucleotides.
Most experts also doubt the Joint Chiefs were unified in the view that bombing wouldn't succeed: It's Air Force doctrine that bombing will succeed in such circumstances, so Air Force advisers almost certainly predicted a bombing triumph.
Having the ability to generate more force than is minimally required may have great utility in nature.
"In Angola, government forces and Unita rebels are again laying mines more intensively than ever," it said.
A full staff retreat of the three programs deepened the understanding among advocates about the goals of integration of legal services delivery in New Hampshire and has led to the creation of a number of committees and task forces to further promote statewide coordination.
Foreigners constitute 98 percent of the private sector work force.
BLS' measure of labor input not only takes into account changes in the size of the labor force, but also changes in its composition as measured by education and work experience.
Aside from the unavoidable fact that competition is a driving force in the publication of such works, one can scarcely expect to improve on the competitive works without knowing what they are up to.)
We found that temperatures between 43 and 46°C increased ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and suppressed force, i.e. reduced force without reductions in ser 19-MRLC phosphorylation (Fig.
Why is the world unable to create an international force to provide manpower and equipment to assist in the aftermath of huge natural and manmade disasters (which seem to occur pretty reliably at least five or six times a year)?
Overview of the Model In the model, GDP is determined by the labor force, capital stock, and total factor productivity.
When we read of the ongoing search for grav- ity-carrying subatomic particles-- gravitons --and anti-gravitons, we should recall that Arthur Clarke wrote of antigravity as a propulsive force in 1946 (Across the Sea of Stars”).
Well-placed married ladies in low cut dresses ran salons, manipulating social forces and influencing literature and politics.
Significant reduction in force and increases in ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation were observed with heat treatments between 43°C and 46°C (Fig.
Murray's more laconic account is based upon a classical liberal argument: Force is bad; cooperation is good; government is force; ergo, the only legitimate functions of government are to enforce voluntary agreements, and to prevent force and fraud.
The failure of the strikes, the "wag the dog" slur, the intense partisanship of the period, and the nature of the al Shifa evidence likely had a cumulative effect on future decisions about the use of force against Bin Ladin.
Psychologist Kay Redfield Jamison, in Touched With Fire: Manic-Depressive Illness and the Artistic Temperament , maintains that mania is an essential driving force for many artists.
Consider an ion in a conductive medium with charge q . The longitudinal particle motion of an ultrasonic wave will cause the ion to oscillate back and forth in the medium with velocity v . In the presence of a constant magnetic field, B 0 , the ion is subjected to the Lorentz force
Edward A. Murphy, an engineer working on Air Force Project MX981, [a project] designed to see how much sudden deceleration a person can stand in a crash.
Our prior studies showed that increases in cGMP by nitrovasodilators and cAMP by forskolin increase ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and induce force suppression [ 8 ] . Such results suggest that the correlation between ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and force suppression is robust in the swine carotid stimulated with 10 μM histamine.
A nationwide poll that the LAT plays big both in an off-lead story and a big top-of-the-page graphic suggests that by a large margin Americans support the use of force against Iraq and additionally think the purpose of an airstrike should be to remove Saddam Hussein from power.
Force fields and semiempirical methods applied to Taxol
The U.N. demands Holbrooke is pressing, says USAT , include the withdrawal of Milosevic's forces and allowing humanitarian aid into Kosovo.
About this time, Card, the lead Secret Service agent, the President's military aide, and the pilot were conferring on a possible destination for Air Force One.
The heavily decorated, including those who won the Medal of Honor, Distinguished Service Cross, Navy Cross, Air Force Cross, Distinguished Service Medal, Silver Star, or Purple Heart;
In attempting to characterize the evolutionary forces underlying genome reduction, a critical question concerns the size and content of the deletions.
The main sticking point in the talks is that the Serbs don't want NATO forces to police the agreement in Kosovo while the United States says this is non-negotiable.
Final Task Force Report - Board Approved
The anti-independence forces, labeled "gangs" high up by the two Times (although the word is never used by the WP ), had by late Sunday set fire to numerous buildings in the territorial capital of Dili and shot "scores" of Timorese there and elsewhere on the island.
Our prior studies showed that increases in cGMP by nitrovasodilators and cAMP by forskolin increase ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and induce force suppression [ 8 ] . Such results suggest that the correlation between ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and force suppression is robust in the swine carotid stimulated with 10 μM histamine.
All three papers report the guilty verdict rendered by a Texas jury in the murder trial of former Air Force Academy cadet, David Graham.
There was no correlation between putative PKC-HSP20 phosphorylation and force (lower panel of Fig.
The only way widespread civil strife can be avoided is "by the conservative forces realizing that time is not on their side and--should they decide to continue the struggle through to its bitter end--they would be leading Iran to catastrophe."
"Black Hawk down" joined "Desert One" as a symbol among Americans in uniform, code phrases used to evoke the risks of daring exploits without maximum preparation, overwhelming force, and a well-defined mission.
They are premised on the notion that some mysterious force can alter the ordinary into the extraordinary.
New York Electronic Crimes Task Force
Tuesday's overpowering show of force by the Nevada gambling aristocracy has had at least one audible effect on the National Gambling Impact Study Commission.
After ordering the Otis fighters to battle stations, Colonel Marr phoned Major General Larry Arnold, commanding general of the First Air Force and NORAD's Continental Region.
Today the forces of social decomposition are challenging--and in some instances, overtaking--the forces of social composition.
The FBI agent who handled the case in conjunction with the INS representative on the Minneapolis Joint Terrorism Task Force suspected that Moussaoui might be planning to hijack a plane.
Today, the Post says the Pakistanis were told that the bin Laden force numbers 4,000 to 5,000 members and that it has taken part in prior armed actions, including attacks against U.S. forces in Somalia, resulting in the deaths of 18 American soldiers.
The relation between mean ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation and mean force from all the tissues that were stimulated with histamine is shown in the upper panel of Fig.
Special Operations Forces were later told that they might be ordered to attempt very high-risk in-and-out raids either in Khartoum, to capture a senior Bin Ladin operative known as Abu Hafs the Mauritanian- who appeared to be engineering some of the plots-or in Kandahar, to capture Bin Ladin himself.
One detail: China will let U.S. firms buy stakes in Chinese telecom companies, but only up to 50 percent ("The forces of darkness in the Chinese telecom bureaucracies are going to have to slink under the rocks again," the LAT quotes one exultant pro-trade lobbyist).
These data suggest a biphasic response with ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation-associated force suppression with heat pretreatment between 43 and 46°C and deactivation by inhibition of ser 19-MRLC phosphorylation after heat pretreatment at 47.
According to Democratic National Committee and Clinton-Gore campaign ads, Dole's plan was "risky" because it would "balloon the deficit" and force Congress "to cut Medicare, education, [and the] environment."
Caldesmon is likely to play a modulatory role on the production of smooth muscle force via a tethering of actin to myosin [ 11 ] and/or of its effects on the actomyosin ATPase [ 12 13 14 ] . Similarly, TM does not seem to function as a major regulatory protein, but modulatory effects due to its ability to maintain the actin filamentous structure [ 15 ] , to inhibit the Ca 2+-ATPase activity [ 16 ] , alter the cytoskeletal dynamics [ 17 ] and improve actin filament flexibility during the contraction/relaxation cycle [ 18 19 ] have been well documented.
The cover story blasts Secretary of Defense William Cohen for blocking the promotion of Air Force General Terry Schwalier.
During cytokinesis, global and spatial mechanical properties are likely used to deform a cell, allowing the constriction of the cell's equator (reviewed in [ 22 ] ). These spatial properties include local modulation of stiffness and the generation of contractile force.
The editorial expressed a preference for limiting the disaster-relief force to U.S. allies, working under U.S. control.
The Justice Action Group undertook responsibility for overseeing the work of a number of task forces for specific issue areas.
Her behavior was stupid and hurt a lot of people, but if the point here is to measure the size of her errors, they are barely perceptible next to those of the people who ruined her: a literary agent with profit and something akin to treason on her mind; a federal prosecutor who chose to hound and harass a citizen with overweening force and little justification; and journalists who cooperated by exposing every last detail of her private life.
Already maintaining a NATO-led peacekeeping force in Bosnia, U.S. officials were beginning to consider major combat operations against Serbia to protect Muslim civilians in Kosovo from ethnic cleansing.
AAPS argued that because Hillary Clinton and other members of the task force and working group were not federal employees, the meetings should be open.
The task force has set two initial goals: to prioritize, coordinate and develop a work plan for legal work on a state-wide and regional level; and to develop resources to support this legal work through pooled resources of programs, collaborations with law schools, special funding from OLAF and foundations, and the creation of additional task forces.
He was interrupted by a phone call and succeeded in activating only one of two packages of explosives; had he left the second package in the briefcase, it too would have exploded, greatly increasing the force of the bomb and killing everyone in the room.
The Dior style went with the kind of physical force that is masked like a ballerina's.
European cities with expatriate Muslim communities, especially cities in central and eastern Europe where security forces and border controls are less effective
In the Pan-Arab daily al-Hayat , Abdelwahhab Badrakkhan wrote that the United States, by abrogating to itself the right to decide on the use of military force, had effectively "delegitimized" the United Nations.
When the requirements are met the fabrication has the potential to employ and retain a skilled work force as well as opportunity to save time and reduce field labor requirements.
Many of you might find this a shocking statement, but even the Shopping Avenger sometimes gets smacked upside the head by the evil forces of rampant capitalism.
, United States Preventive Services Task Force and Canadian Task Force for Preventive Health Care).
Our land and air forces strive to target only opposing armed forces."
The endothelial monolayer in vivo acts as a signal transduction interface for mechanical forces, in particular, shear stress.
An article says that the Air Force is losing confidence: After the Gulf War the Air Force felt it was the most important of the four services, but cuts in funding and troop strength, as well as a move toward unmanned aircraft, have shaken it.
The outgoing administration should provide the president-elect, as soon as possible after election day, with a classified, compartmented list that catalogues specific, operational threats to national security; major military or covert operations; and pending decisions on the possible use of force.
) Do we really want U.S. special forces to coach foreign troops--especially in unstable countries--on crackdowns tactics?
3) About half of the force field protocols in Table 2suggest the extended (uncollapsed) conformer 4 to be lowest in energy.
A piece criticizes feminists for valorizing Air Force pilot Lt.
That order was processed and transmitted to Langley Air Force Base at 9:24.
Defense, they argue, rests on deterrence, which rests on credibility in threatening the use of force, which rests on the use of force when challenged.
An Army special force launched a raid on Mogadishu to capture him.
But it is a story that fits into standard economic analysis, is coherent and understandable, and reveals the interaction among the forces at work--the kind of story I miss when I read the daily reports.
The Task Force worked through subcommittees organized around the following broad areas: Client Need/Priorities, Structure and Organization, Funding, and Ethical Responsibility/Quality Assurance/Transition.
The weekly Warsaw Voice said that Poland's commitment to its new allies will be immediately put to the test by the crisis in Kosovo, to which it is pledging troops as part of a NATO peacekeeping force.
Which cutoff to use depends on the objective of the experiment: If one needs to make sure that the 'present' or 'absent' call for a particular gene is correct, a cut-off with high Sp should be chosen, whereas if one is willing to accept false-positives where signals are low, high Se will be the driving force.
Everybody leads with the deployment of more U.S. forces to the Persian Gulf, as the Clinton administration--via remarks not just by President Clinton, but also by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Secretary of Defense William Cohen and Chairman of the JCS Gen.
The next lowest conformer is predicted to be 15-25 kcal/mol higher in energy, while overall conformer ranking between the different force fields generally inharmonious.
The NYT reports that the Brooklyn arrest was accomplished by "a black-clad antiterrorist task force," while one in Boston involved feds giving chase with guns drawn.
On hatching from the eggshell, L2 worms are able to locate and migrate towards a potential host plant, penetrate the root behind its tip in the zone of elongation, and migrate intercellularly through the vascular cylinder by separating cells at the middle lamella [ 4 ] . The migration is enabled by a combination of stylet protrusion (mechanical force) and secretion of cell-wall-degrading enzymes from specialized glands [ 5 6 7 8 ] . Upon completion of migration, secretions from the nematode's glands, and potentially other cues, induce root cells to alter their development and gene expression, undergoing abnormal growth and repeated endomitotic rounds of replication to form a feeding site made up of giant cells [ 9 10 ] . The L2 feeds from the giant cells for 10-12 days, then ceases feeding and molts three times over the next two days to form the adult.
"The president; speaking about use of the Delta Force to combat oddball religious groups and political dissenters who have it coming."
They incur less overtime and the rural carrier work force has a higher proportion of casual employees.
The Los Angeles Times leads with word that a task force appointed by Gov.
The task force did not define “compelling,” believing that each institution should make that determination based on disinterested scrutiny of the facts and circumstances of each case.
The Dallas Morning News reported that Bush nearly flunked the Air Force pilot aptitude test but "scored high as a future leader."
All evidence suggests that unless this molecule is assembled into its appropriate thick filament array it cannot function to produce force.
1940: Millions of Women Enter Work Force for Lower Pay, Longer Hours; "It's the Greatest Thing Since Slavery!"
By considering the stiffness of a D. discoideum cell [ 9 10 ] , we estimate the minimal required force to cleave a cell as a function of the cell's geometry.
In other British press editorials Wednesday, the conservative Daily Mail said that "public opinion is swinging in favor of an invasion" and that "the launch of a ground offensive seems likelier every day"; the Times "that it may take ground troops, backed by massive air power, to drive them [the Serbian forces] out of Kosovo"; the Daily Telegraph that Bill Clinton and Tony Blair should rapidly sanction "the Nato ground offensive that would be required to bring Serbia to heel"; and the Guardian that the West was sending a signal to Belgrade "that ground action is becoming an available option for Nato, should the air campaign bring no acceptable result, but that an opportunity remains for settlement before a decision on ground action is made."
Hadley told us that the White House was not satisfied with the Defense Department's plans to use force in Afghanistan after 9/11.
It entails compromising with allies who are more cautious about applying force and authorizing targets.
Alabama's Legal Services programs have been working with a statewide task force to find a way to improve its system.
An AP story in the WP states that the Air Force has finally officially confirmed that the F-117 stealth fighter shot down last March over Kosovo was hit by Yugoslav forces.
For other officers' positioning, see NYPD interview 20, Manhattan SouthTask Force (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 21, 6th Precinct (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 19, 13th Precinct (May 4, 2004); NYPD interview 4, Housing (Feb.
His stage-setting narrative is a conventional one: Hitler cements his hold on Germany through a combination of rhetoric, political stratagems, and force.
By extrapolating the results obtained on the descending limb of the force-sarcomere length relation, the force appears to decrease to zero at approximately 3.8 μm - 3.9 μm, consistent with previous findings with intact [ 12 ] or skinned fibers [ 13 ] of EDL muscle of the rat (3.
The 15 ethnic-Albanian "rebels" allegedly shot Friday in Kosovo by Serbian forces turned out to be 45 massacred civilians, many of whose mutilated bodies were discarded in a mass grave.
However, excess crosslinking frequently masks binding domains for probes while inadequate fixation may not preserve structures to leave them susceptible to mechanical forces during specimen processing.
The obviousness of Charlotte and Jon's evil leaches the force from the story.
The present story of whistleblowing—as discussed, in part, in PLoS Medicine —that involves the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical benefit management corporations, the managed care industry, and the political and lobbying forces that zealously guard their secrets could not have been told without the help of courageous men and women [1, 2] For that reason, those of us who congregated in Washington, D.C., on May 15th, 2005, at the invitation and support of the Public Library of Science and the Government Accountability Project feel particularly humbled and grateful to these two sponsors.
Perceived analogies would be to "rogue cops" who are not prosecuted but must resign from the force and lose their pension (at least on television).
PP&E included in weapons systems are distinguished from general property, plant, and equipment held by defense agencies and defense support agencies in that they are intended to be used directly by the armed forces to carry out combat missions, when necessary, and to train in peacetime.
There are other, more important concerns for a president than integrating gays into the armed forces.
The commander of Delta Force felt "uncomfortable" with having the tribals hold Bin Ladin captive for so long, and the commander of Joint Special Operations Forces, Lieutenant General Michael Canavan, was worried about the safety of the tribals inside Tarnak Farms.
The halt to air strikes in Iraq is reported to leave Saddam Hussein in power, U.N. weapons inspectors less likely than ever before to return, and the U.S. mapping a new strategy of "containment" against Iraq, with military forces remaining in the region indefinitely.
, the modern intensive insulin regimen) forces us to regard any newer, riskier interventions with a critical eye.
Militias in East Timor said they will restrict their armed forces to certain areas to prevent interference in tomorrow's referendum, according to a LAT front-pager.
For the Gates report's recommendations, see DCI task force report, "Improving Intelligence Warning,"May 29, 1992.
Tejeda's district is only 9 percent African-American, but the spot makes this politically correct nod to diversity and to the blacks enlisted at the Air Force bases that are the lifeblood of the area.
Leading organizations recognize the myriad forces driving their IT capabilities.
But with every passing day, it appears to be behaving more like Milosevic's Serbian forces, attacking an entire ethnic group, rather than defending humanitarian ideals."
Modern force fields with stretch, bend, torsional, hydrogen bond and cross-terms are parameterized primarily within three-bond units (A-B-X-Y).
The peaceful revolutions in eastern Europe in 1989 were indeed a defeat for the forces of illegitimate authority.
Cyclic nucleotide induced relaxation is associated with phosphorylation of heat shock protein 20 (also known as HSP20 or P20) on serine 16 [ 10 11 12 ] . More recently, ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation was shown to specifically and temporally correlate with "force suppression" rather than the "deactivation" form of relaxation [ 8 10 ] . A region of HSP20 (residues 110-121) has sequence homology with troponin I; peptides from this region bound thin filaments, reduced actin activated myosin S1 ATPase activity, and relaxed skinned swine carotid artery [ 10 ] . We hypothesized that binding of ser 16-phosphorylated HSP20 to the thin filament may "turn off" thin filaments so that phosphorylated myosin does not interact with the thin filament (i.e.
Love Field / Air Force One!
STATE PLANNING CONFIGURATION STANDARDS Final Task Force Report - Board Approved
In your July 18 "Assessment" of the Weinstein brothers, you state that Miramax was "the driving force" between various independent movies, among them Clerks , Trainspotting , and Il Postino . The wording of your article suggests that Miramax partook in the creation of those movies, when in fact they were funded and filmed without Miramax's assistance, and then Miramax bought and distributed them.
It is reasonable that the contractile ring may be able to generate greater force than is minimally required.
Many cities now give cops clear anti-brutality messages and better training on the use of force.
To remain competitive and ensure continued growth, Hewlett Packard formed a task force to find ways to reduce the cost of the finance organization.
The first federal budget surplus in twenty-nine years leads at the New York Times and Los Angeles Times . The Washington Post goes with NATO preparations for airstrikes against Slobodan Milosevic's forces in Yugoslavia.
It is possible that HSP20 induced force suppression may be part of a protective response to moderate heat exposure.
The Times reports that to maximize the show of force to the Serbians, Albanian officials had asked the NATO aircraft to come in low, and that some came in as low as 2,000 feet.
A series of twitches generated every 5 seconds at incrementally different muscle lengths was used to identify the point of maximal force generation ( L o ). Mean muscle length at L o was 2.68 ± 0.09 cm in control animals and 2.21 ± 0.07 cm in animals with emphysema ( P = 0.001).
In other words, the Force.
They emphasized the role of ecological selection as a driving force in speciation, largely by extrapolation from the primacy of selectionist thinking that developed during the Synthesis.
As for stopping the killing, only drastic measures are likely to work, such as deployment of a fully armed NATO deterrent force, as is being proposed in some quarters of Congress."
At 9:59, an Air Force lieutenant colonel working in the White House Military Office joined the conference and stated he had just talked to Deputy National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley.
Movie -- Air Force One ;
According to the EAPC Ethics Task Force "terminal' or 'palliative' sedation in those imminently dying must be distinguished from euthanasia.
Update on the bombing of Yugoslavia : 1) Serbian forces captured three U.S. soldiers who were patrolling the Macedonian-Serbian border.
For the distance between Otis Air Force Base and New York City, see William Scott testimony, May 23, 2003.
One segment of the armed forces is the Construction Batallion, which was quickly abbreviated to C.B.
Creating e-mail lists and web forums for Task Forces and Coalition programs;
The argument has particular force in the context of Columbine, where the gunmen asked two girls if they believed in God, and when they answered affirmatively, shot them dead.
The statistical analysis revealed that the most important factor affecting the retention force was storage time (Tables 2and 5).
The allied forces of "morality," it says, are far more dangerous than the most "immoral" language.
First, agencies with lead responsibility for certain problems have constructed their own interagency entities and task forces in order to get cooperation.
Byron, who led the Greek armed forces in their fight for independence against the Ottoman Turks in 1824, is considered a national hero in Greece.
NEADS considered scrambling alert fighters from Langley Air Force Base in Virginia to New York, to provide backup.
Movie -- Air Force One ;
At this statewide training event, we joined a panel that addressed how legal services programs and equal justice communities can effectively recruit and retain a diverse work force, among other critical diversity activities.
No, said Cohen, but "Milosevic is going to find that his military forces are systematically being diminished at a time when the KLA will come back," since it is "getting money and support and some arms from other countries, no doubt."
3), consistent with the hypothesis that ser 16-HSP20 phosphorylation was mediating force suppression.
The toughest argument against Rosenfeld's position, which he doesn't really answer, comes when he notes that the administration's position is that Bosnia and Somalia are examples of presidential use of force without prior, formal congressional authorization.
But even managers who try to stay alert to these forces often gather their information anecdotally or informally.
The Telegraph also ran an editorial warning the British government against sending ground forces into action against the Serbs in Kosovo, saying it should consider air power instead.
Black Hawk helicopters by members of a Somali militia group and to the subsequent withdrawal of U.S. forces in early 1994.
McCain, who recently stood nearly alone in advocating the use of ground forces in Kosovo, obviously doesn't think that public opinion should determine the course of American military intervention.
Under the leadership of a statewide Technology Task Force, implementation of technology goals has begun.
Women are so large a part of the labor force that it is hard to believe that this could be true of the total if it were not also true of women.
The country's vast unpoliced regions make Pakistan attractive to extremists seeking refuge and recruits and also provide a base for operations against coalition forces in Afghanistan.
They have obliged the United States--which, after winning the Cold War, would have happily left the rest of the world to its own devices--to continue with "the tiresome business of threatening and using force, deploying troops in faraway places, and cobbling together coalitions."
Other initiatives include a statewide Child Support Task Force and a statewide Emma Lazarus Project.
This is inherently more credible than a commitment to use force for no good reason except that you said you would.
From this analysis, the peak force requirement occurs when the cell acquires a cylindrical shape.
Annan argues that any use of force in international affairs is illegitimate unless authorized by the Security Council.
But the task force, in its two reports, asserted that both individual and institutional financial conflicts of interest in clinical research could be problematic [4,5].
As the "Chicano" label fell out of vogue, many of its supporters joined forces with the "Latino" camp, accusing the "Hispanic" partisans of grouping Mexican-Americans under their rubric to inflate their numbers.
In an animal cell, cytokinesis involves the generation of force in the region of the contractile ring (reviewed in [ 1 ] ). This was first appreciated in the 1960's when Rappaport demonstrated that the cleavage furrow cortex of echinoderm eggs produced force that was capable of bending a glass needle (reviewed in [ 1 ] ). Using calibrated needles, Rappaport directly measured the force that the contractile ring produced [ 2 ] . During the 1970's, nonmuscle myosin-II, the equivalent of the force producing molecule of skeletal muscle, was shown to localize to the region of the cleavage furrow cortex, suggesting the molecular basis for contractile force (reviewed in [ 1 3 ] ). Indeed, subsequent genetic studies revealed a nearly ubiquitous requirement for nonmuscle myosin-II during cytokinesis in organisms ranging from the cellular slime molds to metazoans (reviewed in [ 3 ] ).
The Weekly Standard argues that America should back Lee with words now and, if necessary, military force later, but the Washington Post reports that the U.S. envoys will pressure him to back down.
As more structure models become available, AQP diversity is becoming obvious because, irrespective of overall sequence homology, the surface topographies of different AQPs as seen by atomic force microscopy seem to vary widely [ 25, 26].
The NYT off-lead says that the U.S. will abandon U.N. arms inspections as a means of restraining Iraq in favor of traditional methods like sanctions and force.
We then consider the mechanical properties of myosin-II that have been measured using modern biophysical tools [ 11 12 13 14 ] to estimate how much myosin-II would be required to generate a particular amount of force.
Air Force F-16s tracking the plane could only watch as it flew on autopilot for over 1,000 miles, ran out of fuel, and plunged into a South Dakota swamp.
says it needs, particularly for building a civilian police force.
Only, in the stock market, the equilibrating force is unfettered greed.
A limited war began between India and Pakistan, euphemistically called the "Kargil crisis," as India tried to drive the Pakistani forces out.
American and British forces could be deployed within hours of any decision to attack.
Identifying the mechanical properties of cells that allow them to undergo shape changes and elucidating the molecular mechanisms that cells use to generate the mechanical forces remains the ultimate challenge of understanding cellular morphogenesis.
And already combat forces are somewhat integrated in the Air Force (squadrons of pilots) and Navy (ship crews).
If the CIA flew Predators for its own reconnaissance or covert action purposes, it might be able to borrow them from the Air Force, but it was not clear that the Air Force would bear the cost if a vehicle went down.
The WP explains that the principal stumbling block to a Kosovo agreement is that Slobodan Milosevic, head of Yugoslavia and a Serb, remains opposed to a NATO peacekeeping force on Serbian soil.
This legislation, enacted into law in October 2000, grants us the authority to establish new senior-level scientific and technical positions; offer targeted voluntary early-outs and buy-outs; and carry out reductions in force to downsize, realign, or correct skills imbalances within our agency.
My supposition of the moment--now that I find myself under Bashmet's sway (a definite indication of charismatic force, by the way)--is that charisma in music, the real thing and not the fake, is a more-than-musical quality.
There was no difference between the three material groups regarding retentive force (Table 3).
Jon Voight gives a fine understated performance as a police inspector, Brendan Gleeson's turn as Cahill is a "tour de force ...
In February 1999, Tenet sought President Clinton's authorization to enlist Massoud and his forces as partners.
, the Air Force One faux pas), but the Democrats and the media have preferred to knife him in the back.
There will come an advance—probably a single laboratory result—that breaks the camel's back and forces society to abandon that denial: to accept that the risk of getting one's hopes up and seeing them dashed is now outweighed by the risk of missing the AEV boat by inaction.
Magaziner, a member of the task force, organized an "interdepartmental working group"--comprising bureaucrats and health-care experts--to supply the task force with facts and policy proposals.
Hardly had the groundwork been laid when China entered the Korean War, sending “volunteers” to fight against American-led United Nations forces.
In all cases, the force was not decreased when compared to previous contractions recorded at this same reference length, indicating that fatigue or damage did not occur in these experiments.
Days later, Indonesia took the territory by bloody force and declared it its 27th province.
The stone was taken as booty from a Crusader church in Acre (now Israel) when it was overrun by Arab forces.
There large numbers of scholars from U.S.universities pored over accounts from spies, communications intercepted by the armed forces, transcripts of radio broadcasts, and publications of all types, and prepared reports on economic, political, and social conditions in foreign theaters of operation.
"If the police force does not rush to investigate suspicions against a former prime minister, it will not have the moral justification to act against ordinary criminals," the paper said Friday.
Arriving on the coast in 1527, Montejo’s forces were hindered by the dense jungle and withering climate, and were met by fierce resistance from the natives.
Sexually integrating ground combat forces is now favored by one assistant secretary of the Army.
Ibiza, Formentera, and Menorca were all captured by loyalist forces, who used the islands as a base for their naval operations.
As such, JTF-CNO is supported by the Departments of the Army, Navy, and Air Force and the Marine Corps computer emergencyresponse teams and other Defense components.
Even the ultraconservative tabloid the Daily Mail urged Blair to be wary about using force against Saddam.
Now the largest private shipyard in the world, this was the intended target that the US Air Force B-52 missed when it dropped the second atomic bomb.
Neglecting the inertia term for the ligament, a balance of forces requires that the bone stress σ B ( t ) be equal to the ligament stress σ L ( t ) for constant area.
But even that program is called into question at least in part because some government coercion is justified, such as taxes to secure the creation of infrastructure and the police force to prevent private aggression (while curbing the excesses of rogue officers).
This tiny desert railway crossing was the scene of one of the pivotal battles of WWII, where Allied soldiers defeated Rommel’s German and Italian forces in 1942.
Importantly, the task force, after intense debate, rejected categorical prohibitions lest they unintentionally impede the translation of research discoveries into tangible public benefits.
It was the logical force of but , in the end, that began to supply the dynamism of syllothetics, enabling it to combine, as it does, the undeniable energy of the syllogism with the indisputable power of the theorem.
