The Wal-Mart strategy required and fostered the development of a company-wide computer system to track incoming and outgoing shipments to the various stores.
In Angela and Tom’s case, sandwiching concentrated time with Victor and Jeannine between work and other obligations, which often took precedence over family rituals, meant that routines that signal parental caring and that are major sources of development went by the wayside.
The new approaches are numerous—some more concerned with motor skills, others with cognitive competencies, and still others with emotional and social development.
How can adults build interdependent relationships with children that foster the development of culturally meaningful skills and mature, autonomous behavior?
the zone of proximal development
Is learning and development affected if the father becomes less involved or absent after a divorce?
It was in his book, With His Pistol in His Hand: A Border Ballad and Its Hero, that Paredes proposed his theory of the development of Chicano folklore through a process of cultural conflict generated by the invasion of Anglo culture and values into south Texas in the 1800s.
Both these developments, in turn, placed a premium on planning the next generation of satellite systems, the cost of which put great pressure on the rest of the intelligence budget.
The web pages were developed using JavaServer Page (JSP) technology, because of its rapid development and easy maintainability qualities in development of dynamically-generated web pages and takes advantage of the java technology provided by the Apache Tomcat server http://jakarta.apache.org/tomcat.
Rate of development
As is the case in wing cells the distal accumulation of Fz did not appear to influence lateral development in an
Examination of the stability of countin mRNA indicated that it was turned over more rapidly in BS153 cells during early development.
Diapausing embryos of the orthopteran Austroicetes cruciata undergo slow development for the first two months of diapause, before entering a resting stage [ 24 ] . Similarly, caterpillars of Cirphus unipunctata and Laphygma exigua continue to feed and develop during diapause, albeit at a much-reduced rate [ 25 ] , and caterpillars of the corn-stalk borer Sesamia nonagriodes undergo non-stationary moults during diapause [ 26 ] . These examples hint that the expression of diapause-controlled dormancy may vary between species [ 2 ] . Consequently, diapause could be considered extreme regulation of developmental rate, rather than a shutting down of morphological development.
To determine the influence of temperature on the progression of development we stored the eggs under three temperature regimes, all with the same 13L:11D photoperiod: (1) 4°C in the light and 0°C in the dark; (2) constant 10°C; (3) constant 16°C.
The right singular vectors that match our preconception of a grain filling pattern of expression, for example, low expression during panicle development and increasing expression during grain development, were identified after A was decomposed.
A significance of the results is that development of microsatellite markers is important not only for peanut researchers but also for peanut industry as the paucity of DNA markers in cultivated peanut has so far precluded detailed genetic research on this crop.
Guideline development
When the interaction was present, there was no effect of scale at high food abundance, but when food abundance was low, container size affected male and female development time and mass of males (Figs.
This time frame for development of hypertrophy is similar to previous findings with iron or copper deficiency [ 14 15 16 17 40 43 ] .
, carteolol, had normal calcium cycling, normal myocardial energetics,normal β 1 receptor density as well as regression of myocytehypertrophy and reduced connective tissue content [ 18 ] . Furthermore, administration of carteolol hasbeen reported to prevent the development of virally induced cardiomyopathyin a murine model [ 25 ] . In a canine modelwith left ventricular dysfunction produced by multiple sequentialintracoronary microembolizations, long term treatment with metoprolol,a β 1 -selective blocker, has been reported to preventthe progression of LV systolic dysfunction and LV chamber dilatation [ 26 ] . Similarly, our present findings onthe effect of carvedilol indicated improvement of left ventricularfunction and smaller LV volumes.
One of the molecules presented here constitute a good framework for the development of a novel series of RAR ligands very different from all structures described so far.
While the CASP experiments provide for an environment where rapid testing of ideas is possible in a rigourous manner, a lot of the development is ad hoc, guided by intuition, and not all parameter choices are explored thoroughly.
Because folliculogenesis in the murine proceeds to the preovulatory stage in the absence of BMP-6 [ 30 ] , BMP-15 [ 15 ] , and BMPR-IB [ 31 ] , one can assume that the marked increases in these regulatory molecules are not essential for the development of a second layer of GC.
The development of RAD only in those patients with severe testicular dysfunction suggests that such dysfunction is one endogenous factor that predisposes to the development of RAD.
It is hoped that using a 'master switch gene' will result in more stable vessels, because the processes by which they are formed would resemble more closely those of normal vessel development.
We report several noteworthy observations based on our initial data, which provide a glimpse of the diversity of gene expression and the utility that will derive from a complete atlas of gene-expression patterns during Drosophila development.
Profiling has been used to gain important insights into processes such as development, responses to environmental perturbations, gene mutation, pathogen and host response, and cancer [ 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14].
Studies using knockout mice for each of these isoforms [ 9, 10, 11, 12] suggest that eNOS-derived NO is important in modulating basal pulmonary vascular tone, as well as in attenuating the development of pulmonary hypertension.
Study or Development of Coordinated Regional or Statewide Intake, Advice, Referral and Brief Services System.
In this regard, agencies must continually (1) explore and assess information security risks to business operations, (2) determine what policies, standards, and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks, (3) promote awareness and understanding among program managers, computer users, and systems development staff, and
International Capital Markets: Developments, Prospects, and Key Policy Issues.
First, they used an evolutionary approach to product development by establishing timephased plans to develop a new product in increments based on technologies and resources achievable now and later.
DOD changed its acquisition policy to emphasize evolutionary acquisition and establish separate integration and demonstration phases in the product development process.
Some of the documents required under different development approaches may differ.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT -Federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits.
Increased funding to the most productive scientists from the national science development programs might have been an important stimulus.
For simplicity, I have described only the most common of the huge variety of very different scale insect genetic systems and modes of bacteriome development (Tremblay 1977, 1990; Nur 1980).
The upshot of these developments is that copyright holders can now permit a spectrum of uses of a paper by prospective researchers, anthologizers, archivists, teachers, patients, policy makers, journalists, and other interested parties.
They believe that energy use, in the form of metabolic rate, can be understood from the first principles of physics, and that metabolic rate can explain growth, development, population dynamics, molecular evolution, the flux of chemicals through the environment, and patterns of species diversity—to name a few.
How central will the regulation of P-TEFb be to cellular growth, proliferation, and differentiation, and what roles will it play in normal development and disease states?
As a counterweight to the Singapore Chinese, he would bring in the North Borneo states of Sabah and Sarawak, granting them special privileges for their indigenous populations and funds for the development of their backward economies.
Xcaret, or “little inlet,” is an award-winning example of a sustainable tourist development.
In the 1970s, the development, along with the new airport, of the Club Maeva and Las Hadas resorts, with their striking Moorish design, began to bring in a steady flow of tourists.
"Instead of feigning horror over this week's developments, the time is ripe for Mr. Clinton to accept the realities of another major member of the nuclear club, and use his visit to make sure its government knows that its future lies in forging closer ties to the democratic West," Beck concluded.
USA Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times all lead with the latest developments in the investigation of President Clinton's fund-raising.
The process of development (or differentiation) is one of the least understood in biology.
Those of us who write screenplays for a living are always perplexed at what leaky logic vessels most movies turn out to be, given the endless development process that takes place before production begins.
The United States should limit technology transfers, increase spying on Beijing, strengthen our military alliances with China's neighbors (notably Japan and Korea), and stall China's weapons development as much as we peaceably can.
(The only circumstance in which he would need to seek the consent of other landowners in the development would be if he wanted to petition to change the restrictions or permit an exception to them.)
In the last several years, the business and corporate community has recognized that the positive development of youth is directly related to the development of a competent workforce.
Although these changes have provided strong motivation for increased channel coordination, the development and implementation of key facilitating technologies—like bar codes, the later spread of EDI, and automated distribution centers—have been the real movers here.
Chapters 3 through 5 analyze developments in the retail sector.
After this introduction, Chapter 2 (“The Past as Prologue”) offers a brief history of recent technological and human resource developments in retailing, apparel production—including the role of jobbers, contractors, and manufacturers—and textile enterprises.
Although these developments are very much a work in progress, information-integrated channels of production and distribution are emerging.
The developments reported here offer a prototype of the new links among manufacturers, other suppliers, retailers, and consumers.
This stream of general debate, however, is seldom related to a detailed study or analysis of the impact of such developments on the U.S. textile or apparel industries.
But the longer term viability of American textile centers will depend on the development of infrastructures capable of supporting advanced textile production in countries close to the U.S. market, such as Mexico and elsewhere in Latin America.
Adoption of just-in-time inventory management by manufacturers also represents a significant development, since changes in inventories have often been an important source of business-cycle fluctuations.
But these initiatives are still at an early stage of development.
Finally, the central role played by retailers in development and operation of the channel points to the fact that any measure—whether taken by the government, through voluntary compliance programs or via collective bargaining—must include their participation and support.
Now point-of-sales information provides retailers with reliable information on market developments and hence gives them more leverage in dealing with direct suppliers and others further from ultimate consumers.
A number of developments, many linked to issues we have discussed, indicate both the potential and limitations of electronic retailing.
47 Thus, although Internet retailing will certainly grow as a channel of distribution, the most essential longer term developments will involve the expansion of lean retailing principles to a wider and wider variety of goods sold by a decreasing number of major retailers.
In a related vein, the future of domestic producers also relies on their development of capabilities for supplying fashion products on a replenishment basis.
Once again, the development of Web sites to undertake some of these connections represents an important first step in this direction.
His story underscores the international role of textiles and apparel, their impetus in national economic development, and their place in conflicts over domestic production and imports—a theme that recurs throughout U.S. history.
This brief historical survey highlights not only the crucial developments that still undergird these industries but also the systems and work practices from an earlier era that no longer match today’s competitive requirements.
Other factors drove the development of mass retail as well.
Only in the 1980s, with the development of another system of mass distribution that includes new technology, new management methods, and new links to manufacturing—lean retailing—did the role of the buyer significantly diminish.
Development of the Progressive Bundle System
The dominance of PBS affects current developments in apparel manufacturing and employee management for two reasons.
Further, the knitting machine has been a key development in manufacturing technology.
The creation of a national highway system in the 1950s further fostered the development of mass retailing by opening vast new spaces in suburban malls.
These store-level investments were accompanied by major capital investments in central computer processing capacities, continuing development of store- and corporate-level software systems, and improvements in distribution operations.
Other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications.
In my three decades of teaching university courses in child development, I have come to know thousands of students, many of whom were parents or who became parents soon after completing my class.
As a byproduct of those experiences, parents repeatedly approached me with concerns about how to foster their child’s development in the early years.
At an even more fundamental level, contemporary parents have begun to doubt their own ecacy in their children’s development.
Second, information about child development disseminated to parents is increasingly voluminous but at the same time contradictory.
In view of these diculties, it is little wonder that so many American parents express a sense of powerlessness and inadequacy when it comes to aecting their children’s development.
3 An obvious solution to reconciling parents’ employment needs with young children’s rearing needs is to make high-quality, nonparental care, with characteristics known to promote healthy psychological development, widely available and aordable.
In a recent survey of parents whose children were enrolled in several hundred randomly chosen child-care centers across four states, over 90 percent believed that their preschoolers’ experiences were far better than experts in early childhood development judged those experiences to be.
8 Instead, positive, supportive parenting that endured, even when it marked a change from an early period of parental retreat or negative interaction, was linked to favorable child development, including persistence in problem solving, high self-esteem, socially skilled behavior, closer friendships, and better peer relationships.
Although the precise extent of family–work conﬂict in American culture is not clear, its presence and detrimental impact on parent-child interaction and children’s development are well founded.
Studies carried out during the 1970s and 1980s on the relationship of maternal employment to children’s development revealed many positive outcomes—higher self-esteem, better grades in school, more positive family and peer relations, and less gender-stereotyped beliefs.
17 But repeatedly, eective parenting mediated these favorable developments.
When employed parents spend generous amounts of time engaged with their child, they safeguard the child’s development.
Probably because it reduces work overload, part-time maternal employment is associated with better academic and social development than is full-time employment.
Precious few of these parenting manuals are grounded in the explosion of contemporary research on child development that is of signiﬁcant applied value.
27 The roots of these polarized perspectives can be found in centuries-old, dramatically opposing philosophies about the nature of children and child development.
The behaviorist presumption that development can be mechanically engineered by social input, guaranteeing brighter, socially more mature children, is not borne out by the evidence.
In the tradition of Rousseau, the psychoanalysts argued that powerful biological forces channel development through four psychosexual stages.
Swiss biologist Jean Piaget, twentieth-century giant of cognitive development, proposed a theory in which an intrinsically motivated child acts on the world, noticing discrepancies between the environment and inner structures, or ways of thinking.
In contrast to the behaviorist emphasis on adult tutoring, Piaget believed that since development follows a natural, internally controlled stage sequence, what comes from within the child is paramount in guiding cognitive change.
Piaget’s contribution to the ﬁeld of child development is enormous.
Especially important, Piaget convinced the academic community—as well as many parents and teachers—that children are active contributors to their own development, have their own ways of understanding the world, and must be developmentally ready if teaching is to be successful.
Rather than tracking how well pupils keep pace with norms, or the average performance of same-age peers, open-classroom teachers evaluate children on an individual basis—in relation to their own prior development.
As our discussion already suggests, a central Piagetian tenet is that it is foolhardy to try to speed up development.
Because Piaget stressed the supremacy of children’s engagement with their surroundings over adult teaching, parents’ and teachers’ contributions to development are severely reduced relative to the child’s.
37 This, along with the cross-cultural ﬁndings just described, raises doubts about Piaget’s assumption that discovery learning rather than adult teaching is the most eective way to foster development.
As Damon’s message suggests, in building an eective vision of child development and child rearing, neither the child’s inner thoughts and feelings nor the role of adult guidance can be singularly extolled or wholeheartedly ignored.
Today, sound theories and educational strategies exist that are neither adult- nor child-centered but, instead, portray both as participating actively, jointly, and inseparably in the process of development.
On only one point is the popular parenting literature unanimous: the vital importance of getting development o to a good start during the preschool years.
After decades of theoretical division and debate, a new, more complex view of child development is coalescing in the ﬁeld, supported by rapidly accumulating research evidence.
The fragmented, polarized theories of the past are giving way to more equitable theories emphasizing that the child and the social environment interact and that the contributions of each to development cannot be separated and weighted in a simplistic, one-sided manner.
A second step is an appreciation of the multiplicity of factors that contribute to development—an understanding that spells out parents’ vital role yet clariﬁes how it joins with other forces to aect children’s development and well-being.
child development: a new consensus
At the dawn of a new millennium, a fresh set of theories of child development has blossomed.
Many Factors Contribute to Development
These elements include the child’s heredity and biological constitution; the people and objects in the child’s everyday settings of home, child-care center, school, and neighborhood; community resources for child rearing (such as family-friendly workplace policies and high-quality, aordable child care); and cultural values and customs related to child development and education.
A common human genetic heritage and basic regularities in children’s physical and social environments yield certain universal, broad outlines of development.
Within this dynamic system in which inner and outer forces jointly engender development, each contributing factor inﬂuences—and is inﬂuenced by—the others.
brain development.
How does early experience join with biology to aect brain development?
Notice how, for the biological side of brain development to go forward, appropriate stimulation is essential while formation of neural connections is at its peak.
Because of rapid brain growth and gradual decline in brain plasticity, the ﬁrst 5 to 8 years of life are regarded as a sensitive phase of development in which appropriate stimulation is necessary for children to reach their full genetic potential.
In Burton White and Robert Held’s classic study of the impact of early stimulation on development, young babies in a barren institution given a moderate amount of stimulation tailored to their ability to handle it—at ﬁrst, a few simple designs on the side of their crib and later, a fancy mobile—reached for and explored objects six weeks earlier than did infants given nothing to look at.
Our rapidly expanding knowledge base on brain development and children’s learning reveals that a genetically inﬂuenced roadmap for brain growth and a developmentally appropriate environment go hand in hand; the impact of each depends on the other.
Let’s see how temperament combines with brain development and experience, forming a complex, dynamic system that shapes the course of development.
Let’s see how temperament combines with brain development and experience, forming a complex, dynamic system that shapes the course of development.
To chart the development of shy and sociable children, psychologist Jerome Kagan followed several hundred youngsters from infancy into the school years, repeatedly observing their behavior and measuring their physiological responses to highly stimulating, unfamiliar events.
Shy and sociable children also require dierent adult interventions to promote exploration of their surroundings—an activity that (as Piaget pointed out) is essential for optimal cognitive development.
Finally, culture aects the likelihood that parents and teachers will respond to shy children in ways that foster their development.
Environmental forces, from adult–child interaction to cultural values, join with heredity to aect the development of children with other temperamental dispositions as well.
Throughout this book—and especially in Chapter 5, which addresses the development of children with physical and mental disabilities—we will see many more examples of these synergistic eects.
Indeed, many eminent child development researchers have countered Harris’s thesis.
Furthermore, no conclusive evidence exists for the assertion that the most consequential environment for children’s development is the peer group rather than the family.
In fact, this overriding emphasis on peers as a source of positive development is itself a product of our culture.
It leads parents, like Noah and Suzanne, who are on the cusp of a dramatic period of development in their 2-year-old son’s life, to express grave doubts about their own importance.
The central idea of sociocultural theory is that the child and his or her social surroundings join to provide direction to development; participation in social life guides and energizes the child’s mastery of new, culturally adaptive skills.
78 By the 1980s, many American psychologists and educators—doubting the Piagetian view of development and desiring to account for wide variation in children’s competencies—embraced Vygotsky’s ideas with enthusiasm.
These undergo a natural course of development through direct contact with the environment during the ﬁrst two years of life, similar to the process of exploration and discovery described by Piaget.
The milestones just cited are broad universals of development.
This leads to a crucial change in development.
The natural line of development makes closer contact with its surrounding social context, merges with it, and is transformed by it.
Vygotsky emphasized that to understand children’s development, it is necessary to understand the social situations adults devise for them.
Because Vygotsky regarded language as the major bridge between our social and mental worlds, he viewed language acquisition as the most signiﬁcant milestone in children’s cognitive development.
The sociocultural vision is very dierent from behaviorism, which views development as directly imposed, or shaped, by external forces.
The core lesson to be learned from our discussion so far is that development is a matter of children’s genetic/biological potential undergoing a cultural metamorphosis, a process that cannot take place without parents and teachers as thoughtful and committed participants in children’s lives.
From the sociocultural perspective, parents and teachers are leaders in awakening children’s minds and fostering their development; children are apprenticed to these experts.
Vygotsky, who studied and wrote about children’s development in Russia in the early twentieth century, was deeply interested in how interdependency—children’s close ties to their community—can pave the way to competence and autonomy.
An overwhelming consensus of research shows that sensitive caregiving—responding to the baby’s cries for physical care and stimulation promptly, consistently, and appropriately—supports the development of a secure attachment relationship.
To answer this question, Vygotsky proposed a special concept: the zone of proximal development.
Keeping it in mind can help parents and teachers interact with children in ways that lead their development forward.
Vygotsky deﬁned the zone of proximal development as the distance between the child’s actual development (the tasks the child can do individually) and the child’s potential development, “determined through problem solving under adult guidance or in collaboration with more capable peers.”
Vygotsky deﬁned the zone of proximal development as the distance between the child’s actual development (the tasks the child can do individually) and the child’s potential development, “determined through problem solving under adult guidance or in collaboration with more capable peers.”
Vygotsky deﬁned the zone of proximal development as the distance between the child’s actual development (the tasks the child can do individually) and the child’s potential development, “determined through problem solving under adult guidance or in collaboration with more capable peers.”
Research documents several communicative ingredients that consistently foster development, in children of diverse ages and across a wide range of tasks.
This joint attention to objects and events fosters early language development.
Mothers who maintain high levels of it during play have infants who comprehend more language, produce meaningful gestures and words earlier, and show faster vocabulary development between 1 and 2 years of age.
The communicative competence inherent in intersubjectivity blossoms within a zone of proximal development in which parents and other signiﬁcant adults are “stimulating, attentive, conﬁrmatory, interpretive, and highly supportive.”
37 Parent–child intersubjectivity makes a vital contribution to the development of attachment, attention, language, and understanding of others’ perspectives.
To promote development, the adult varies his or her assistance to ﬁt the child’s changing level of performance, with the goal of keeping the child in the “zone.”
41 Indeed, self-regulation is so important for children’s cognitive and social development that we will return to it repeatedly in later chapters when we consider how other experiences—children’s self-directed language, make-believe play, and learning in school—contribute to it.
Children’s conversations with elaborative-style parents increase in complexity as language development proceeds, creating a zone of proximal development in which narrative competence expands.
Children’s conversations with elaborative-style parents increase in complexity as language development proceeds, creating a zone of proximal development in which narrative competence expands.
“ 68 Furthermore, the richness of 6-year-olds’ evaluative remarks can be predicted from their mother’s evaluative statements in an adult–child conversation 3 years earlier69—a ﬁnding that underscores, once again, parents’ vital role in creating a “zone” for narrative development.
According to psychologist Jerome Bruner, learning to negotiate diering viewpoints through narrative is a crowning achievement of human development.
Gratifying social ties, in turn, serve as vital contexts for further cognitive and social development.
Research consistently demonstrates that language development in early childhood is strongly related to later reading competence—and to academic achievement in general during elementary school.
Conversations with adults are especially powerful contributors to early childhood language proﬁciency and, in turn, to literacy development.
Typically, an adult reads while a child listens—a format that is beneﬁcial to early literacy development93 but that cannot guarantee the child’s attention, involvement, and comprehension.
When parents and teachers use dialogic reading consistently over several weeks to several months, children show gains in language development, print knowledge, and writing progress that are still present six months to a year later.
Indeed, joint participation in make-believe with more expert cultural members is so important for development during early childhood that I devote an entire chapter to it.
Although grocery shopping with Ricky might take 10 or 15 minutes longer than otherwise, it has wide-ranging beneﬁts for his development.
104 Scores on that instrument consistently predict early childhood mental development, no matter what the child’s socioeconomic or ethnic background.
Despite widespread public concern about the impact of TV on children’s development, many parents do little to regulate or guide their children’s viewing.
Parents who intervene in their child’s TV viewing so it is in keeping with the “zone” transform the TV medium from a negative to a positive force in the child’s mental life, and they promote favorable cognitive and social development in many other ways as well.
120 Although the family, Bronfenbrenner noted, continues to have primary responsibility for children’s character development, it lacks the strength needed to do the job because parents and children no longer spend enough time together.
Such togetherness aects a child’s development in countless ways, even through what appear to be triﬂing pursuits—help with homework; outings to the grocery store, the park, and the local library; dinnertime conversations; discussions of exciting or scary TV shows; and bedtime stories.
Narrative conversation also fosters language development and emergent literacy, which greatly ease the task of learning to read and write when children get to school.
Through dialogues with children, adults play a formative role in the development of children’s self-conceptions, sensitivity to others, cognition, academic knowledge, morality, social skills, and capacity to use language to gain control over thought and behavior.
In the next chapter, I address a question that has long intrigued child development theorists and puzzled many parents and teachers: Why do children talk to themselves?
Eminent child development theorists of the past attached great importance to the role of make-believe play in early development.
Eminent child development theorists of the past attached great importance to the role of make-believe play in early development.
Nevertheless, Piaget was convinced that by itself, make-believe play does little to advance children’s development.
Sociodramatic play, involving joint make-believe with a partner, Piaget claimed, is not under way until age 3. As with other aspects of Piaget’s theory, the direction of development for make-believe is from purely individual, egocentric symbols to social play and shared understanding.
Vygotsky’s theory has been the wellspring of our recent appreciation of the profoundly social nature of even very young children’s imaginative play—and its wide-ranging inﬂuence on cognitive and social development.
Vygotsky’s View: A Zone of Proximal Development
Consider the following frequently quoted remarks, taken from a brief lecture in which Vygotsky eloquently summed up his conviction that pretend play is a central force in children’s development:
[Make-believe] play creates a zone of proximal development in the child.
As in the focus of a magnifying glass, play contains all developmental tendencies in condensed form and is itself a major source of development.
How do the make-believe scenes just described, and others like them, serve as major sources of development?
Together, these features make fantasy play a supreme contributor to the development of self-regulation—one that extends the impact of adult teaching and example more than any other early childhood activity.
To understand make-believe play’s role in development, let’s take a closer look at each of its unique features.
10 In helping children disengage thought from reality, pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking, in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to currently existing, real world conditions.
As we will see shortly, people renowned for their creative accomplishments often report that make-believe play was a frequent, highly inﬂuential aspect of their early development.
Vygotsky regarded the sociodramatic play of the preschool years as essential for further development of play—speciﬁcally, for movement toward game play in middle childhood.
Children retain both aspects of play, in changing balances, throughout development.
In sum, the development of play proceeds from make-believe, with an overt imaginary situation and covert rules, to organized games, with overt rules and a covert imaginary situation.
The vast yet nearly effortless learning that takes place through pretending makes it, for Vygotsky, “the highest level of preschool development.
contributions of make-believe play to development
Was he correct that pretending in early childhood has a far-reaching impact on development, supporting the emergence and reﬁnement of a wide variety of competencies?
Comparisons of preschoolers’ sociodramatic activities with their social nonpretend pursuits, such as drawing pictures or putting puzzles together in the company of agemates, supports Vygotsky’s view of make-believe as a “zone” in which children enhance their own development.
In view of these ﬁndings, it is not surprising that 4- and 5-year-olds who spend more time at sociodramatic play are advanced in intellectual development and are judged more socially competent by their teachers.
Yet attention becomes more sustained over early childhood—a development that equips children for concentrated involvement, which will be essential for success once they enter school.
What does research say about the role of make-believe in children’s literacy development?
In one of the most extensive studies tracing the development of make-believe play, psychologists Wendy Haight and Peggy Miller followed nine children from 1 to 4 years of age, repeatedly visiting their homes to make intensive observations of their pretending.
Relentlessly barraging children with information that communicates “at” rather than “with” them fails to involve them in dialogue and interferes with optimum development of play.
In sum, quality of adult–child social engagement, both within and outside of make-believe play, has much to do with the potential of such play to lead children’s development forward.
Vygotsky’s theory tells us that adults are active agents in children’s social development.
Martha Bronson’s The Right Stuff for Children Birth to Age 880 is an excellent resource for selecting play materials that support development in early childhood.
Six- to 8-year-olds continue to like role play, and teachers can use it to foster their academic development.
As leaders in children’s development, parents and teachers are in a prime position to design and inﬂuence children’s play worlds in ways that shield them from acquiring materialistic and violent attitudes and behaviors and that accentuate play’s cognitive, emotional, and social beneﬁts.
These include one-sided, contradictory messages in the parenting-advice literature; career pressures that impinge on parent involvement in children’s lives; abysmally weak American child-care services to assist employed parents in their child-rearing roles; cultural violence and excessive materialism permeating children’s worlds; schools with less than optimal conditions for children’s learning; and impediments to granting children with deﬁcits and disabilities social experiences that maximize their development.
In that survey, I asked parents to list any questions about young children’s development and learning that interested or worried them.
When parents are familiar with principles that are grounded in contemporary theory and research on children’s development, they can better deal with the quandaries generated by the changing home, school, and community contexts in which today’s children grow up.
Although self-esteem and favorable development are related, high self-esteem does not necessarily cause effortful behavior and achievement.
Parents who deliver praise not based on real attainment actually undermine their child’s development.
Fortunately, children can just as easily absorb worthwhile messages and information from TV, so parental guidance in this area can have great beneﬁts for development.
The warmth, exploration, conversation, and fun involved in this and other joint parent–child activities strengthen emotional bonds and foster both cognitive and social development.
A common parental worry is that computers will channel children into solitary pursuits and disrupt their social development.
How can parents capitalize on the computer’s potential for spurring their child’s development?
Parents often assume that the play materials children choose are the ones that are best for their development.
•How will the toy help provide a foundation for my child’s future learning and development?
Some parents show their child books with pictures of fetuses, identifying those that are about the same age as the forthcoming sibling and discussing the baby’s development as it progresses.
Consider Carl, one of the most obstinate participants in a study of the combined impact that temperament and child rearing have on long-term development.
How can a parent identify the difference between a language disorder and normal language development?
If your child’s language development is delayed by several months when compared to norms for early language milestones, then your child might have a language disorder.
Because of wide individual differences, it’s sometimes hard to tell a language disorder from normal variation in language development.
Typically, children with hearing impairments are not identiﬁed until 12 to 25 months of age, when speech and language development is already delayed.
Newborn testing takes only a few minutes and permits problems to be addressed early, preventing negative consequences for all aspects of psychological development.
Most often, they consider delaying the start of school for boys, who as a group tend to lag behind girls in cognitive and social development.
Notice that each of the options just mentioned assumes that readiness is inherent in the child—that a 5-year-old must have reached a certain level of development to proﬁt from classroom experiences.
Consider, once again, the concept of the “zone,” in which teaching leads development.
65 Part of the reason for girls’ advantage in literacy development is that they undergo a faster rate of physical maturation, believed to promote slightly earlier development of the left hemisphere of the cerebral cortex, where language functions are housed for most people.
65 Part of the reason for girls’ advantage in literacy development is that they undergo a faster rate of physical maturation, believed to promote slightly earlier development of the left hemisphere of the cerebral cortex, where language functions are housed for most people.
Divorce is invariably painful for children, and learning and development can be affected—temporarily and long term.
Chapter 5 of this book is devoted to the development of children with deﬁcits and disabilities.
When cerebral palsy results in speech, hearing, or visual impairments, promoting language proﬁciency through alternative means is crucial for enhancing development.
The development of Chicano Muralismo grew out of the political context of the Chicano civil rights movement, a nationalistic political struggle waged by Chicanos during the 1960s.
The fullest development comes in Aristotle’s Politics and in the Nicomachean Ethics.
Origins of Order and At Home in the Universe give good grounds to think that much of the order in organisms, from the origin of life itself to the stunning order in the development of a newborn child from a fertilized egg, does not reflect selection alone.
The form of the aperiodicity will contain some kind of microscopic code that somehow controls the development of the organism.
Some vast network of regulatory interactions among genes and their products provides the mechanism that marshals the genome into the dance of development.
Clues that such a toolbox is experimentally feasible come from many recent developments, including the discovery that antibody molecules, evolved to bind molecular features called epitopes, can actually act as catalysts.
It was a profound insight in the development of equilibrium thermodynamics to recognize that the energy present in the thermal motions of an equilibrium gas system could not be extracted to do work.
An important step in “saving” the second law was taken by Leo Szilard, who also conceived of the nuclear chain reaction one day in London and helped set in motion the development of the atomic bomb and atomic energy.
It is the joint dynamical behavior of such genetic networks, plus the remaining cellular network of proteins and other molecular interactions, that controls cell behavior, including development from the fertilized egg to the adult.
I would note that such transient reversals happen all the time in normal development.
These cascades of alterations guide development and cell dierentiation.
We have spun out a biotechnology company, CIStem Molecular, that aims to clone the small cis acting DNA regions that control turning genes on and o in development and disease; a European daughter company, Euro-Bios; as well as EXA, a company spun out with NASDAQ to make tools for financial markets.
The coming into existence of the enabling constraints of law is as central to economic development and growth as any other aspect of the bubbling activity.
The United States must support such developments.
America's strategy should be a coalition strategy, that includes Muslim nations as partners in its development and implementation.
Economic development remains a distant hope.
He has embraced the Arab Human Development Report, which was highly critical of the Arab world's political, economic, and social failings and called for greater economic and political reform.
The policies that support economic development and reform also have political implications.
Recommendation: A comprehensive U.S. strategy to counter terrorism should include economic policies that encourage development, more open societies, and opportunities for people to improve the lives of their families and to enhance prospects for their children's future.
The development of terrorist indicators has hardly begun, and behavioral cues remain important.
The solution, requiring more research and development, is likely to combine radio frequency technology with biometric identifiers.
The current patchwork of border screening systems, including several frequent traveler programs, should be consolidated with the USVISIT system to enable the development of an integrated system, which in turn can become part of the wider screening plan we suggest.
These laws required the development of strategic plans to describe how the new department and TSA would provide security for critical parts of the U.S. transportation sector.
Many of the act's provisions are relatively noncontroversial, updating America's surveillance laws to reflect technological developments in a digital age.
An unintended consequence of these developments has been the far greater demand made by Defense on technical systems, leaving the DCI less able to influence how these technical resources are allocated and used.
The new committee or committees should conduct continuing studies of the activities of the intelligence agencies and report problems relating to the development and use of intelligence to all members of the House and Senate.
One expert witness (not a member of the administration) told us that this is perhaps the single largest obstacle impeding the department's successful development.
Recommendation: A specialized and integrated national security workforce should be established at the FBI consisting of agents, analysts, linguists, and surveillance specialists who are recruited, trained, rewarded, and retained to ensure the development of an institutional culture imbued with a deep expertise in intelligence and national security.
See Arab Human Development Report 2003 (United Nations, 2003), a report prepared by Arabs that examines not only standard statistical data but also more sensitive social indicators recently identified by the Nobel Prize-winning economist Amartya Sen.
See Mark Le Vine, "The UN Arab Human Development Report: A Critique," Middle East Report, July 26, 2002 (online at www.merip.org/mero/mer0072602.html).
30, 2003); DOS cable, Nairobi 7020, "Sudan: Foreign Minister on Developments re Terrorism and Peace," May 21, 1996.
DOS cable, Nairobi 07020,"Sudan: Foreign Minister on Developments," May 21, 1996.
CIA cable, "19 May 98 Briefing for JSOC,"May 27,1998; CIA cable,"Developments in the [Tribals'] Operation at the HQs End," May 26, 1998; Joint Inquiry interview of Michael Canavan, Sept. 3, 2002.
Side of the Bin Ladin Capture Operation," May 27, 1998; CIA cable,"Developments in the [Tribals'] Operation at the HQs End," May 26, 1998.
183; CIA talking points, "CIA Operation Results in Capture of Two Bin Ladin Operatives," July 7, 1998; CIA memo, Jeff to Tenet, "Biweekly Developments in CT Policy," July 15, 1998.
The telescope program, for instance, was considered too challenging and risky for the CIA's Afghan assets; development continued through the summer, but the idea was eventually dropped.
Hadley told us that he was able to do less policy development than in a normal two-month transition.
On the early development of the Patriot Act, see, e.g., Brill, After, pp. 73-76, 120-125.
For the report, see United Nations Development Programme report, Arab Human Development Report 2003: Building a Knowledge Society (United Nations, 2003) (online at www.miftah.org/Doc/Reports/Englishcomplete2003.pdf).
For the report, see United Nations Development Programme report, Arab Human Development Report 2003: Building a Knowledge Society (United Nations, 2003) (online at www.miftah.org/Doc/Reports/Englishcomplete2003.pdf).
Social and Economic Malaise In the 1970s and early 1980s, an unprecedented flood of wealth led the then largely unmodernized oil states to attempt to shortcut decades of development.
By the late 1980s, diminishing oil revenues, the economic drain from many unprofitable development projects, and population growth made these entitlement programs unsustainable.
Unlike the oil states (or Afghanistan, where real economic development has barely begun), the other Arab nations and Pakistan once had seemed headed toward balanced modernization.
These developments further blocked the arteries of information sharing.
He or she states the community's priorities and coordinates development of intelligence agency budget requests for submission to Congress.
Terrorists, in turn, have benefited from this same rapid development of communication technologies.
Two developments diminished this competition.
The second, related development was a significant transfer of planning and command responsibilities from the service chiefs and their staffs to the joint and unified commands outside of Washington, especially those for Strategic Forces and for four regions: Europe, the Pacific, the Center, and the South.
Clarke was only to "provide advice" regarding budgets and to "coordinate the development of interagency agreed guidelines" for action.
One especially noteworthy innovation was the creation of the Joint House-Senate Atomic Energy Committee, which is credited by many with the development of our nuclear deterrent capability and was also criticized for wielding too much power relative to the executive branch.
Noting that the plan was in a "very early stage of development," the NSC staff then told the CIA planners to go ahead and, among other things, start drafting any legal documents that might be required to authorize the covert action.
The original sealed indictment had added that al Qaeda had "reached an understanding with the government of Iraq that al Qaeda would not work against that government and that on particular projects, specifically including weapons development, al Qaeda would work cooperatively with the Government of Iraq."
In May and June, the U.S. government received a flurry of ominous reports, including more information about chemical weapons training or development at the Derunta camp and possible attempts to amass nuclear material at Herat.
Al Qaeda funded salaries for jihadists, training camps, airfields, vehicles, arms, and the development of training manuals.
The information we have presented about the development of the planes operation shows how, by the spring and summer of 2000, al Qaeda was able to meet these requirements.
He did not recall any particular counterterrorism issue that engaged his attention before 9/11, other than the development of the Predator unmanned aircraft system.
This suggests that the development of future guidelines should take YHL or other measures of quality of life into account.
Second, patients with Q-wave myocardial infarction were not eligible for enrollment because it was felt that statins would not influence the development of important prognostic determinants such as left ventricular systolic dysfunction, ventricular arrhythmias or mechanical complications [ 5 ] . Nevertheless, patients who develop electrocardiographic Q-waves represent a substantial proportion of all patients with myocardial infarction.
The issue of what to do about missing data caused by dropouts in clinical trials is a research topic that is still under development in statistical literature.
Meltrin α is expressed in vivo during development in condensed mesenchymal cells that give rise to skeletal muscle while meltrin β is expressed in craniofacial and dorsal root ganglia where neuronal lineages differentiate [ 26].
As both MMPs and COX-2 are important factors in tumor development [ 48, 49] IDO's role in tumorigenesis bears investigating.
NTPDases are important in many physiological processes like cell motility, adhesion, nonsynaptic information transfer, secretion, regulation of hemostasis and ectokinases [ 1 ] . Understanding the enzymatic mechanisms of the NTPDases will help description of their physiological functions, and development of strategies to regulate the functions of the enzymes.
Whole-genome expression profiling exemplified by the development of DNA microarrays represents a major advance in genome-wide functional analysis [ 1 2 ] . In a single assay, the transcriptional response of each gene to a change in cellular state can be measured, whether it is a viral infection, host cell cycle changes, chemical treatment, or genetic perturbation.
The observed disturbance of AMPA receptors may contribute to the neurotoxic process in other vulnerable brain regions and clinically to the development of dementia [ 35 ] . Interestingly, in a mouse model AMPA receptors in the cortex, striatum, hippocampus, and cerebellum declined by 29-50% as early as 8 weeks post-retroviral inoculation.
Thus, the reduction in AMPA receptor density may contribute to the development of the cognitive abnormalities associated with HIV-1 infection [ 36 ] .
The action is mediated by specific nuclear receptor proteins, which belong to a superfamily of ligand-modulated transcription factors that regulate homeostasis, reproduction, development, and differentiation [ 87 ] . This family includes receptors for steroid hormones, thyroid hormones, hormonal forms of vitamin A and D, peroxisomal activators, and ecdysone [ 88 ] . Nuclear hormone receptors are ligand-dependent transcription factors that regulate genes critical to such biological processes as development, reproduction, and homeostasis.
The action is mediated by specific nuclear receptor proteins, which belong to a superfamily of ligand-modulated transcription factors that regulate homeostasis, reproduction, development, and differentiation [ 87 ] . This family includes receptors for steroid hormones, thyroid hormones, hormonal forms of vitamin A and D, peroxisomal activators, and ecdysone [ 88 ] . Nuclear hormone receptors are ligand-dependent transcription factors that regulate genes critical to such biological processes as development, reproduction, and homeostasis.
While structure-activity relationship studies and molecular modeling have led to the development of a detailed pharmacophore model, determining specific point interactions between 5-HT 3 antagonists and binding site amino acids has proven difficult.
Author 2 (JLC) contributed to the development of the experimental approach, helped analyze and interpret the data, and edited the manuscript.
They are structural and functional modulators of extracellular matrices that play important roles in CNS development and repair.
GAG-binding proteins can be differentially sensitive to variations in GAG structure [ 27 ] . GAGs produced among different cell types have structural and compositional differences and structural changes in GAGs are known to occur in cells undergoing morphological differentiation and/or malignant transformations [ 28 29 30 31 ] . Thus, in the native retina, or other tissue, modulation of the PEDF-receptor interactions may depend on the expression of GAGs, which occur during development and pathological conditions.
EMA participated in the design, assay development and carried out the complex-formation, GAG detection and receptor binding assays.
While the ultimate goal is the development of dynamic models for the complete simulation of cellular metabolism, the success of such approaches has been severely hampered by the lack of kinetic information on the dynamics and regulation of metabolism.
The rapid development of bioinformatic databases is resulting in extensive information about the molecular composition and function of several single cellular organisms.
These simulation experiments were iterated during the development of the approach.
In addition to stimulating the development of similar tools, CoreGenes will allow continuing improvements to it.
To date, transcriptomics is the most widely studied molecular approach, enabling researchers to examine subtle differences in thousands of mRNA levels between experimental samples, medical biopsies, etc . Although mRNA is not the end product of a gene, the transcription of a gene is both critical and highly regulated, thereby providing an ideal point of investigation [ 1 2 ] . Development of microarrays has permitted global measurement of gene expression at the transcript level and provided a glimpse into the coordinated control and interactions between genes.
The cDNA array has a long history of development [ 3 ] stemming from immunodiagnostic work in the 1980s; however, it has been most widely developed in recent years by Stanford University (California) researchers depositing cDNA tags onto glass slides, or chips, with precise robotic printers [ 4 ] . Labeled cDNA fragments are then hybridized to the tags on the chip, scanned, and differences in mRNA between samples identified and visualized using a variation of the red/green matrix originally introduced by Eisen and colleagues [ 5 ] . The light-generated oligonucleotide array, developed by Affymetrix, Inc. (Santa Clara, CA), involves synthesizing short 25-mer oligonucleotide probes directly onto a glass slide using photolithographic masks [ 6 7 ] . Sample processing includes the production of labeled cRNA, hybridization to a microarray, and quantification of the obtained signal after laser scanning.
The present article will take only the data from the liver as an example for the development of a gene selection model.
The following discussions describe the development of the model within the context of our nutritional study; however, a generic protocol can be found in the Materials and Methods section.
Measurement variance was examined following the development of the LFC model, and was therefore used simply as a confirmation of this model.
The conclusion that highly expressed genes will rarely have a 2-fold change in mRNA levels and that lowly expressed genes will commonly have a greater than 2-fold change led to the development of a model that would accommodate for this real biological characteristic of gene expression measurements.
In the data set that was used for illustrating the development of the LFC-model, duplicate measures were available for one of the four treatments.
MR initiated the development of robust mathematical techniques to evaluate microarray data at the Nestlé Research Center.
An equivalent presentation for intron conservation data is under development.
At this stage in our development of the sequence alignments, there are well-established and distinct patterns of sequence conservation and variation.
Thus, at this stage in the development of the alignments, the most conserved regions ( i.e., hour hand regions) and semi-conserved regions ( i.e., minute hand regions) have been aligned with high confidence.
The process of generating these secondary structure diagrams occurs in parallel with the development of the sequence alignments.
The development of a single chip containing the complete gene set for a given tissue or for a complex organism (30,000 to 60,000 genes) is likely in the near future, so it is paramount that chip manufacturers avoid these problems [ 7 ] . In this report, we demonstrate that microarray technology continues to be a dynamic and developing process and highlight potential pitfalls that must be addressed when interpreting data.
However, as demonstrated by our findings, the development of a standardized microarray system is needed to obtain more meaningful data from these experiments.
Affymetrix microarrays are used by many laboratories to study differences in gene expression associated with experimental treatments, diseases, development, aging, and other conditions.
Molecular methods, such as the evaluation of hormone receptors in breast carcinoma, have been effectively employed to further characterize tumors [ 1 ] . Nucleic acid array-based technologies extend molecular characterization by providing a biochemical snapshot, or profile, of cellular activity that encompasses thousands of gene products [ 2 ] . Potential applications beyond diagnosis and prognosis are diverse, and include treatment response stratification of patients in clinical trials, assessment of relevance to human safety of drug-associated tumors in animal carcinogenicity studies, and the development of more pertinent animal xenograft models of cancer therapy.
In higher eukaryotes, many genes feature differential spatial-temporal expression during development and throughout the life cycle of the organism.
As many genomic techniques are generating increasingly large amounts of molecular data, new tools such as this will be required for the synthesis of "parts into pathways" in order that we may understand how cells regulate the many processes necessary for growth and development.
1, induces the spontaneous oscillations in cAMP observed during the early development of D. discoideum.
In order to facilitate the development of sequence analysis applications based on the USM state space, the software library of functions written to calculate the USM coordinates is provided with the web-based implementation (see address above).
We next interchanged the test and training sets and used the same three rule development strategies.
The development of disease classifiers using routine analysis proved to be straightforward, and resulted in excellent performance in both the test and training sets (e.g.
In particular, if experimental bias and noise effects can be excluded, this region may prove to offer the optimum for ovarian cancer diagnostic test development.
As with all clinical test development, confirmation of results in independent laboratories running blinded samples will remain the gold standard in ruling out the possible effects of bias, unless the sample set itself contains the bias.
In the quest to determine Arabidopsis TF function and establish the regulatory networks that control the expression of all Arabidopsis genes, the development of a web-based resource that divides TFs into families and allows the rapid download of any Arabidopsis TF sequence and the fast identification of mutants, linked to the possible sequences to which these TFs may bind in the Arabidopsis genome is of pressing urgency.
Providing these resources and starting to link TFs to target genes is the basic motivation behind the development of AGRIS.
The web pages were developed using JavaServer Page (JSP) technology, because of its rapid development and easy maintainability qualities in development of dynamically-generated web pages and takes advantage of the java technology provided by the Apache Tomcat server http://jakarta.apache.org/tomcat.
Overall, the collective effect of resveratrol would be to decrease endothelial injury and exposure of the subendothelial matrix, which would lessen the probability of formation of atherosclerotic plaques and the development of CHD [ 53, 54, 55].
Color development was achieved by incubating the membrane in substrate [(5-bromo-4-chloro-3-indolyl phosphate-nitrobluetetra-zolium chloride) (BCIP-NBT)].
The anti-resorbing agent 17β-estradiol is especially noteworthy because of the association of its decline at menopause with the development of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
Development of osteosclerosis and the disappearance of the marrow space in these estrogen-treated mice is an interesting and useful model since marrow stromal cells not only contain the precursors for osteogenic cell lineages, but they also exert important effects on osteoclastogenesis and lymphopoiesis, and modulate the effects of some systemic factors of bone turnover.
The ultrastructural alterations identified in estrogen-treated mice were very likely the cellular functional basis for the decreased resorption and development of osteosclerosis in estrogen-treated mice.
Future studies should also assess the temporal development of functional changes in the osteoclast populations during estrogen treatment, and the patterns of osteoclast death with special attention to apoptosis.
Girasole et al have recently shown that production of IL-6 is inhibited in vitro by exposure of marrow cells to 17β-estradiol; cultures of mouse bone cells showed suppressed osteoclast development when exposed to either 17β-estradiol or a neutralizing antibody to Il-6 [ 31].
Future in vivo studies combining estradiol and selected interleukins may further elucidate how the network of signals from the marrow microenvironment influences both Ocl development and Ocl function.
Shortly after injury, these small cytokines are primarily produced by fibroblasts, chemoattract leukocytes and activate their integrins causing them to adhere strongly to the endothelial cells as a prelude to their migration through the blood vessel wall to the underlying tissue and towards the source of the chemokine [ 5 ] . In addition to these functions during the early stages of wound healing, these small cytokines are also known to be involved in re-epithelialization, angiogenesis and granulation tissue development [ 3 6 7 8 ] , processes that are critical for proper healing.
The work presented here shows that cCAF, the IL-8 of chickens, stimulates expression of several ECM molecules important in development of the granulation tissue.
This is the first demonstration that treatment of wounds with a pro-inflammatory and angiogenic chemokine accelerates development of the granulation tissue during healing by stimulating the precocious deposition of ECM molecules that are critical for proper healing.
In the case of IP-10, it has been shown that in transgenic mice treated with this chemokine, wounds heal poorly and exhibit defects in angiogenesis and development of the granulation tissue [ 8 ] .
Our results strongly suggest that cCAF plays an important role in wound repair by activating fibroblasts to form early granulation tissue, through cell migration, myofibroblast differentiation and production/accumulation of ECM molecules that are critical for proper development of the healing tissue of wounds.
Transformation plates were incubated at either 23 or 30°C for 4-5 days and then stored at 4°C for one week to allow further development of the red color.
Myosin II, a key component of this actin-based cytoskeleton, has been shown to be essential for cytokinesis of D. discoideum cells in suspension as well as for efficient chemotaxis and morphogenetic changes in shape during development) [ 1 2 3 ] . All of these roles require myosin II to be in the form of thick filaments.
Previously we have examined the protein-protein interactions of proHB-EGF with the cell-surface CD9 antigen [ 9 ] . The CD9 antigen is found on a wide variety of tissue and cell types and has been reported to be involved in such cellular processes as B-cell development, cell metastasis, platelet activation and adhesion, and cell motility [ 14 15 ] . CD9 antigen is a member of the tetraspanin superfamily and consists of two extracellular domains sandwiched between four highly-conserved hydrophobic transmembrane domains [ 14 15 ] . The second extracellular domain (75-130 amino acids) is larger than the first extracellular domain (20-27 amino acids).
The interactions of LTBP-3 and fibulin-1C with the extracellular domain of proHB-EGF may provide further insights into the roles that these proteins play in cellular and tissue development processes.
In contrast, dark-grown seedlings undergo skotomorphogenesis (or etiolation), typified by elongated hypocotols and closed cotyledons [ 1 ] . COP1 was first identified through genetic screens as a negative regulator of light regulated development in Arabidopsis [ 2 ] . Arabidopsis cop1 mutant seedlings are constitutively photomorphogenic even when grown in the dark, and the severe cop1 mutants cause lethality in the late seedling stage, indicating that COP1 is essential for plant development [ 2 3 ] . Arabidopsis COP1 (Arabidopsis thaliana COP1, AtCOP1) is essential for the proteasome-dependent degradation of two transcription factors, HY5 and HYH [ 4 5 ] . These two homologous bZIP-type transcription factors directly interact with AtCOP1 and are capable of binding to light-responsive promoters to activate the transcription of many target genes [ 5 6 ] . Genome wide micro-array analysis shows that AtCOP1 regulates most, if not all, of the light-responsive genes under various light conditions [ 7 8 ] , substantiating the notion that AtCOP1 functions as a crucial developmental switch through targeting key transcription factors for degradation, thereby controlling the light-responsive gene expression and photomorphogenic development.
In contrast, dark-grown seedlings undergo skotomorphogenesis (or etiolation), typified by elongated hypocotols and closed cotyledons [ 1 ] . COP1 was first identified through genetic screens as a negative regulator of light regulated development in Arabidopsis [ 2 ] . Arabidopsis cop1 mutant seedlings are constitutively photomorphogenic even when grown in the dark, and the severe cop1 mutants cause lethality in the late seedling stage, indicating that COP1 is essential for plant development [ 2 3 ] . Arabidopsis COP1 (Arabidopsis thaliana COP1, AtCOP1) is essential for the proteasome-dependent degradation of two transcription factors, HY5 and HYH [ 4 5 ] . These two homologous bZIP-type transcription factors directly interact with AtCOP1 and are capable of binding to light-responsive promoters to activate the transcription of many target genes [ 5 6 ] . Genome wide micro-array analysis shows that AtCOP1 regulates most, if not all, of the light-responsive genes under various light conditions [ 7 8 ] , substantiating the notion that AtCOP1 functions as a crucial developmental switch through targeting key transcription factors for degradation, thereby controlling the light-responsive gene expression and photomorphogenic development.
In contrast, dark-grown seedlings undergo skotomorphogenesis (or etiolation), typified by elongated hypocotols and closed cotyledons [ 1 ] . COP1 was first identified through genetic screens as a negative regulator of light regulated development in Arabidopsis [ 2 ] . Arabidopsis cop1 mutant seedlings are constitutively photomorphogenic even when grown in the dark, and the severe cop1 mutants cause lethality in the late seedling stage, indicating that COP1 is essential for plant development [ 2 3 ] . Arabidopsis COP1 (Arabidopsis thaliana COP1, AtCOP1) is essential for the proteasome-dependent degradation of two transcription factors, HY5 and HYH [ 4 5 ] . These two homologous bZIP-type transcription factors directly interact with AtCOP1 and are capable of binding to light-responsive promoters to activate the transcription of many target genes [ 5 6 ] . Genome wide micro-array analysis shows that AtCOP1 regulates most, if not all, of the light-responsive genes under various light conditions [ 7 8 ] , substantiating the notion that AtCOP1 functions as a crucial developmental switch through targeting key transcription factors for degradation, thereby controlling the light-responsive gene expression and photomorphogenic development.
Studies of PP5 and its homologs in cultured cells and various organisms also suggest it may play a role in development [ 5 6 ] or during rapid cell growth [ 2 7 ] .
GABA signaling plays several roles in neuronal development.
Early in CNS development, GABA can modulate neuron progenitor proliferation as well as neuron migration, survival and differentiation [ 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14].
Later, during postnatal development, normal GABAergic input is required for activity-dependent plasticity in the visual cortex as shown in the Gad2 knockout mouse [ 15, 16].
In addition to these functions in the developing CNS, GABA signaling is also required for the normal development of non-neural tissues.
Targeted mutations of the Gad1 gene lead to defective development of the secondary palate [ 17, 18].
The cleft palate phenotype of the Gad1 mutants suggests the involvement of GABA-mediated signals in the normal development and differentiation of a structure derived from the oral epithelium and neural crest ecto-mesenchyme.
This intriguing genetic evidence indicates a role for GABA-mediated signaling in the development of a non-neural structure, the secondary palate.
The potential for this pathway to be involved in the early development of additional non-neural tissues has not yet been thoroughly explored [ 23].
The earlier activation of Gad1 in the forelimb reflects the normal temporal order of events in limb development.
Expression was activated in a posterior to anterior (towards the nose) progression in the lateral nasal and maxillary rows, reflecting the pattern of vibrissal development [ 29].
The expression results reported here show that Gad1 was activated in several tissues outside of the central nervous system during mouse development.
As development proceeded Gad1 was detected in pharyngeal endoderm and in the ectodermal placodes of the vibrissae.
During embryogenesis, post-transcriptional regulation occurs by alternative splicing during embryonic development in rats and mice [ 32, 33].
Previously reported sites of embryonic Gad1 expression outside of the brain and spinal cord during rodent development include the lens fibers and the olfactory pit [ 38, 39].
Our results document localized expression of Gad1 at additional non-CNS sites in the mouse embryo, suggesting a potential role for GABA signaling in the development of these structures.
The genetic data strongly suggest that GABA acts through GABA A receptors to modulate the development of this tissue.
The localized and dynamic expression pattern of Gad1 suggests a wider role for GAD and GABA in the development of non-neural tissues than was previously known.
In addition, mice lacking a single Hnf3 α allele have no observable phenotype, so that introduction of transgenes into this locus will not inherently affect embryonic development [ 14, 15].
5 days of embryonic development.
Aggregates that formed blastocysts after overnight culture were allowed to continue their development in utero by transferring them to a pseudopregnant surrogate mother.
Recent developments in the understanding of the role of mesenchymal cells and their products in regulation of proliferation and differentiation of tissue cells were initiated more than seventy years ago, when Alexis Carrel demonstrated that leukocyte extracts, like embryonic tissue extracts, stimulate multiplication of fibroblasts in vitro, and suggested that leukocytes can bring growth- activating substances to tissue-specific cells [ 11].
The relationship of mesenchymal and epithelial cells appears to be tissue-specific and established during the critical period of development, which coincides with the end of the immune adaptation [ 9].
The extent to which epithelial cells are stimulated to differentiate by mesenchymal cells is dependent on the extent to which the particular tissue differentiates during the critical period of development [ 9].
Epigenetic programing of the "stop effect" appears to depend on the extent of differentiation of tissue cells during critical period of development, such as termination of the immune adaptation.
When bovine somatic cells were transferred into preactivated recipient oocytes, the resulting reconstructed embryo development was limited, since all embryos arrested at the 8-cell stage regardless of the cell cycle of the donor cells [ 14].
Development of Reconstructed Embryos
This phenomenon is considered to involve nuclear structural changes, such as nuclear envelope breakdown, premature chromosome condensation and pronuclear development and swelling [ 27, 28, 29].
Therefore, our results clearly indicate that porcine M I oocytes like M II oocytes have the ability to reprogram confluent somatic cell nuclei as determined by nuclear remodeling and in vitro development.
It is known that pronuclear exchange between zygotes does not prevent development of the reconstructed embryos [ 39] but transfer of donor nuclei from later developmental stages into enucleated zygotes brings about restricted development [ 40, 41].
It is known that pronuclear exchange between zygotes does not prevent development of the reconstructed embryos [ 39] but transfer of donor nuclei from later developmental stages into enucleated zygotes brings about restricted development [ 40, 41].
It is possible that optimization of methods for activation improves the development of embryos reconstituted with M I oocytes.
Development of Reconstructed Embryos
Similar demonstrations performed in other insects [ 6], leeches [ 7], nematodes [ 8], ascidians [ 9], and zebrafish neural crest [ 10] indicate that lateral inhibition operates in diverse developmental contexts throughout metazoan development.
To investigate further the role of Notch-mediated cell-cell signaling in vertebrate neural development we have tested neural pattern formation in zebrafish embryos.
We examined the RNA expression patterns of delta and notch genes using a sensitive fluorescent detection method, choosing as our timepoint 24 h (hours of development at 28.
Together, these observations suggest that a subset of neural precursors and cells specified for neuronal development express dlA , dlB and dlD .
isl1 -positive cells from notochord and floorplate, presumed sources of signals that induce motor neuron development [ 47].
Although we do not know the normal fates of the cells that replaced ablated primary motor neurons, these observations are consistent with the possibility that, during normal development, primary motor neurons inhibit neighboring cells from adopting a primary motor neuron fate.
To further test the role of Delta-Notch mediated lateral inhibition in zebrafish neurogenesis, we examined embryos homozygous for a missense mutation of dlA ( dlA dx2 ). We previously described the effect of this mutation on development of floorplate, notochord and hypochord [ 37] and dorsal spinal sensory neurons and neural crest [ 38].
This indicates that disruption of Delta-Notch signaling causes development of excess primary motor neurons, which have identities appropriate for their positions in the neural tube.
This indicates that, in flies, precursors express Delta and that those specified for neuroblast development downregulate its expression.
Genetic analyses of fly development then led to the view that lateral inhibition is mediated by interaction of Delta and Notch proteins expressed on neighboring cells [ 12].
Following color development, the embryos were treated with 2 N NaOH for 1 hr, washed with PBSTx (phosphate buffered saline with 0.01% TritonX-100), blocked 1 hr in PBDTx (PBS, 1% DMSO, 0.01% TritonX-100 plus 2% sheep serum and 2 mg/ml BSA, then incubated 2 hr with anti-BrdU (monoclonal G3G4, Developmental Studies Hybridoma Bank).
This requires the integration of transcriptomic, proteomic, phenomic, and bioinformatic approaches, not least because development, in its most basic sense, is genes plus context [ 19 20 21 22 ] .
This modified expression of genes and proteins associated with the inhibition of the cell cycle and the induction of apoptosis, as well as the increased activation of proapoptotic and compensatory antiapoptotic pathways, provides a "snapshot" of the broad primary and secondary effects of NF-κB signaling during SMG development.
2 arrest, as well as apoptosis via p53-dependent and p53-independent pathways [ 50 51 52 ] . The presence of a dysplastic SMG phenotype in E2f1 -/-mice indicates that E2F1 plays an important role during SMG development [ 53 ] . Moreover, E2F1 overexpression in human salivary gland (HSG) cells diverted these cells into an apoptotic pathway [ 54 ] .
However, others have shown that lower doses ≤ 100 μg/ml of SN50 specifically inhibited NF-κB nuclear translocation in human peripheral blood lymphocytes and murine T cells [ 33 63 ] . These reported differences are likely due to dose-dependent or cell-specific differences in the effect of SN50 [ 64 ] . Given that: (1) embryonic SMGs were cultured in the presence of 100 μg/ml SN50, (2) immunodetectable NF-κB was absent from SMG epithelia nuclei in TNF + SN50-treated explants, and (3) one cannot extrapolate observations in Jurkat cells to those in primary cells [ 64 ] or organ cultures, it is most probable that our observed interruption of SMG development is proximately due exclusively to the inhibition of NF-κB nuclear translocation.
It is essential for animal development, immune system function, and wound repair.
These animals are transparent and anatomically simple, so cell migrations can be followed in the living animal at all stages of development by fluorescence microscopy of GFP fusion proteins or by Nomarski microscopy.
Later in development, mec-17 also contributes to the maintenance of mec-3 expression [ 16].
Abnormal anterior segment development is often associated with elevated intraocular pressure (IOP), an important risk factor for the blinding disease glaucoma [ 1].
The molecular mechanisms responsible for normal or abnormal development of the iridocorneal angle, its structures, and increased resistance to aqueous drainage in glaucoma are not well defined.
Cell migration, proliferation, and differentiation are important for the development of this ocular region.
As TM development proceeds the cellular mass differentiates, organizes and develops channels to produce the mature meshwork.
Some of these theories propose atrophy or resorption of the mesenchyme as development progresses to create the structures and spaces important for aqueous drainage while others propose a reorganization of cells with no cell death or atrophy.
Whether cell death or atrophy occurs during TM and iridocorneal angle development remains controversial.
The mouse represents an important experimental model for understanding mammalian development and diseases caused by its abnormalities.
In studied mammalian species, iridocorneal angle development is incomplete at birth.
Although various studies have characterized in detail the prenatal development of the mouse eye there is very little published about the normal structure or postnatal development of the mouse iridocorneal angle [ 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27].
Although various studies have characterized in detail the prenatal development of the mouse eye there is very little published about the normal structure or postnatal development of the mouse iridocorneal angle [ 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27].
We present a light and electron microscopic (EM) evaluation of iridocorneal angle development in staged embryos and through eight postnatal weeks, when the angle structures have reached full maturity.
Prenatal development
This study of the prenatal development of the C57BL/6J iridocorneal angle, essentially agrees with published reports of general ocular development for the strains CFI-S [ 24] and Ha/1CR [ 22].
This study of the prenatal development of the C57BL/6J iridocorneal angle, essentially agrees with published reports of general ocular development for the strains CFI-S [ 24] and Ha/1CR [ 22].
Postnatal development
To further understand iridocorneal angle development, we analyzed stages involving significant changes in the TM and SC using EM.
Absence of cell death in angle development
It is probable that all normal cell death during development utilizes pathways of programmed cell death (PCD) [ 28].
As a final assessment of a role for cell death pathways, we determined whether absence of the FAS and FASL initiators of cell death alter iridocorneal angle development and morphology.
This indicates that these pro-apoptotic molecules are not required for normal iridocorneal angle development.
Our findings extend those of previous studies that did not focus on the iridocorneal angle or did not study its development to maturity [ 22, 23, 24, 25, 26].
Although there is evidence for a role of most of these processes in iridocorneal angle development and intertrabecular space opening (see [ 17]), the role of cell death or atrophy is controversial.
Macrophages also can elicit cell death in normal development (see [ 32]).
Macrophages were reported in the developing mouse (B6) anterior chamber and a model of TM development including cell death was proposed, but no cell death was recorded [ 26].
No evidence for cell death during mouse angle development
Finally, development of the angle in Fas and Fasl null mice was normal indicating this system of cell death regulators that can kill TM cells [ 30] is not required for TM channel formation.
Based on these observations, we conclude that neither apoptosis nor necrosis are important mechanisms in development of the mouse TM and iridocorneal angle.
Thus, we suggest that the macrophages previously reported in TM of mice (and possibly some other species) were involved in the process of pupillary membrane regression and were sometimes deposited in the TM but were not significant for TM development.
The demonstration of cell death in a SD strain of rats has fueled the debate about mechanisms of iridocorneal angle development [ 18].
Given the similarities in developmental stages between both B6 and A.BY/SnJ mouse strains and humans, and the similar timing and progression of angle development in mice and rats, it seems unlikely that mechanisms of angle morphogenesis would differ between mice and rats.
Our results support a model of mesenchymal differentiation and iridocorneal angle development that involves reorganization of cellular and extracellular matrix components without cell death or atrophy.
For general anterior segment development, this is supported by the observations that genetic deficiency of transcription factors such as PAX6, PITX2, FOXC1 [ 44, 45], and LMX1B that are expressed in the periocular mesenchyme results in anterior segment dysgenesis in both humans and mice [ 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54].
This is partly due to limited documentation of the sequence of events underlying iridocorneal angle development and limited documentation of the mature angle structures in mice.
The current study provides important baseline information for mechanistic studies of angle development in the existing mouse models of anterior segment dysgenesis.
Additionally, it will facilitate experiments with mutant mice to determine how newly identified genes function in angle development and how the pathways in which they participate overlap or interact with each other.
To determine if absence of the cell death mediators FAS and FASL alter iridocorneal angle development and morphology, we assessed five mice (approximately P70) of each of the mutant strains B6.MRL- Fas lpr and B6Smn.C3H- Fasl gld , which respectively lack functional FAS and FASL [ 55, 56, 57, 58].
Iridocorneal angle development is somewhat variable both temporally and spatially within a single eye and between eyes.
Similar Cre reporter strains have been produced using different promoters to express lacZ [ [ 6 7 8 9 ] ], Another variation on this theme has been the development of the Z/AP reporter strain, which switches from lacZ to alkaline phosphatase expression upon exposure to Cre recombinase activity [ 10].
Furthermore, by using modified forms of Cre whose recombinase activity is inducible, one can use these reporter mice to perform detailed analysis on the lineage of cells at different time points during development.
Embryological literature includes a broad array of descriptions of development in one organism or another.
A monophyletic ancestry for the vertebrates, with the possible exception of cyclostomes, implies that some common inherited mechanistic themes exist for development.
Development in many of the approximately fifty orders of fishes remains unknown.
Their adult anatomy and distribution have been used to construct phylogenies for actinopterygian evolution, and details of their embryonic development are likely to have similar usefulness.
Most previous work on the early embryonic development of
Much of the description of early embryonic development in the garpike is based on material that was badly distorted by harsh fixation procedures.
Recent embryological study of the garpike either has been restricted to the development of specific structures in older embryos, e.g. [ 10], or has been reported in sketchy fashion ancillary to studies with another purpose, e.g. [ 11].
We took a fresh look at this animal to describe in familiar terms the sequence of events during its development.
Studies of those groups [ 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17] illustrated the marked differences in development among them.
For example, development of the sturgeon is relatively frog-like and the bowfin is much more similar to teleosts in its gastrulation pattern.
We found that garpike development differs from that of the basal fish listed above, as well as teleosts.
We list short-term rates for early stages of development, at several temperatures, in the following paragraphs.
Development for this batch was not timed past six days because travel arrangements precluded it.
3A, 3B, 3C) - This stage begins the blastula phase of garpike development.
Development of the adhesive organ produces a bean-shaped swelling anterior to the brain.
Study of their development is an appropriate sequel to previous work on members of the Chondrostei - the paddlefish, Polyodon [ 12] and the sturgeons.
The teleost ysl has important mechanical and communications functions in early development [ 19, 20, 21].
Garpike embryos, however, possess combinations of features whose investigation should prove valuable in the areas of development, evolution and taxonomy.
Furthermore, identification of ESTs derived from mouse and human embryonic cDNA libraries along with our Northern data on mouse embryo RNA indicate that mNoc is expressed early in development.
In the latter experiments the effects of proteolysis and its inhibition on the development of the olfactory nerve itself were tested using axonal, glial and neuronal outgrowth markers.
Unilateral insertion of PB coated beads into the olfactory placode of stage 17 embryos did not disrupt the development of either axonal or glial components of the olfactory nerve between stages 18-21 (Table 3).
As the length of each developmental stage varies [ 22 ] , it is difficult to determine precisely the amount of time by which biochemical development of the axons is accelerated.
Implantation of trypsin coated beads at stage 17 had no effect on either the timing of nerve development (axonal or glial) or the biochemical differentiation of the axons.
The use of these beads is an established method widely utilized to deliver exogenous proteins during development.
For example, in their study of limb development, Fallon et al.
The basis for the development of this planar or tissue polarity has principally been studied in Drosophila [ 1 2 3 4 ] where it is under the control of the frizzled ( fz ) pathway [ 5 ] . Many Drosophila epidermal cells produce cuticular hairs that are outgrowths from the apical surface of pupal epidermal cells.
The development of epidermal hairs has principally been studied on the wing where each pupal cell produces a single distally pointing hair.
To determine if the fz pathway played a role in arista development we examined the aristae of various fz pathway mutants [ 1 5 ] . We found that multiple wing hairs ( mwh ), which results in an average of almost 4 hairs per cell on the wing also resulted in the formation of multipled and branched laterals.
The altered location for lateral initiation in fz and other mutants was similar to their phenotype in the wing [ 5 ] . Prior to hair initiation in wing cells Fz, Dsh, Fmi and Dgo accumulate on the distal side of wing cells (Stan and Dgo are also thought to accumulate on the proximal side) [ 9 10 11 12 13 ] . To see if this could be the case for lateral development we examined the distribution of Fz in developing arista using a Fz-GFP encoding transgene gene.
We next attempted to determine the critical time for in function in lateral development using temperature shift experiments with the temperature sensitive allele in II53 [ 20 ] . On the wing this allele results in a large phenotypic difference when pupae grown at the restrictive versus permissive temperatures.
Lateral growth takes place over more than 18 hours at 29°C and more than 30 hours at 18°C giving us a wide window for shift experiments [ 8 ] . In shift experiments we found that the crucial time for in function in lateral development was around the time of lateral initiation (26 hours at 29°C and 52 hrs at 18°C) (Fig.
We compared the multipled lateral phenotypes of in and fy single mutants and fy; in double mutants and found no difference consistent with in and fy functioning in the same process in lateral development (Table 1).
When we examined the development of fz mutant laterals by phalloidin staining we found that lateral initiation was not as restricted to the distal part of cells as is the case in wild type (Fig.
The distal accumulation of Fz-GFP could be detected until late in lateral development.
It was reported previously that Fmi/Stan protein accumulated to a higher level in the PI cell that forms the bristle lineage [ 22 ] . Previous experiments have shown that Fz regulates orientation of the spindle in the division of the PI cell of the bristle sense organ lineage and it has been thought that this is the way that fz regulated bristle polarity [ 4 6 ] . Our observations suggest that fz may also play a later role in specifying bristle polarity that is analogous to its role in regulating hair and lateral development.
In this way wild type laterals resemble fz mutant wing cells [ 5 ] . Thus, early in their development laterals are not close to the junctional complex or the prominent cortical cytoskeleton at the cell periphery and are unlikely to be getting any orientation guidance in this way.
It is also worth considering that the elongated shape of the lateral forming cells becomes much more extreme as development proceeds (Fig 4) [ 8 ] . This brings the laterals close to the cell edges that are parallel to the proximal distal axis of the central core and the junctional complexes at these edges could provide orientation guidance.
Previous studies on in and fy function in regulating wing hair development have focused on their role in regulating the site for hair initiation [ 5 20 ] . Observations reported in this paper show that multiple laterals associated with in and fy mutants can arise either from independent initiation events or from the splitting of an elongating lateral.
These shift experiments showed that the essential time for in function in lateral development is around the time of lateral initiation.
This is similar to what we previously found for in function in wing hair development [ 20 ] . It is interesting that the consequences of a lack of in function in laterals are manifested some hours after the end of the in temperature sensitive period.
Previous observations had indicated that the fz pathway functioned in the development of planar polarity in hairs, bristles and ommatidia [ 5 6 7 14 ] . Consistent with much current thinking on signal transduction pathways it has been suggested that there is a core group of fz pathway of genes that function similarly in different cell types [ 2 ] . Downstream genes would function to interpret the signal from the core group of genes in a cell type specific way.
In this paper we provide evidence that a modified version of the frizzled pathway regulates the development of arista laterals.
After observation water was removed from the slides and the pupae were then kept in a humid chamber at 25°C for further development and observations.
Of the factors that contribute to specifying cell fate during development, Wnt proteins are among the most attractive candidates to use in such in vitro experiments.
Wnt proteins control numerous aspects of development, ranging from stem cell control to differentiation and cell polarity [ 1 2 ] . It has been problematic however to test directly whether Wnt proteins can be used as reagents in cell culture, because working with soluble Wnt proteins is difficult and few cell lines are known to respond to Wnt proteins.
The overall pattern of gene expression observed in response to Wnt has important implications for the role of Wnt signaling in development and cancer.
Mis-regulation of Wnt signaling leads to the development of several human cancers, including colon carcinomas and melanoma [ 1 ] . Canonical Wnt signaling initiates in the binding of a Wnt ligand to its cell surface receptor, members of the frizzled gene family, along with the co-receptor LRP5/6 [ 2 3 ] , leading to changes in the activities of cytoplasmic effectors resulting in the stabilization of beta-catenin protein.
SL-1 is a matrix metalloproteinase that can alter ECM-mediated signaling events during development [ 29 30 31 ] . Both SL-1 and Wnt-5a have roles in mammary gland development and are elevated in certain breast cancers [ 32 33 34 35 ] , although Wnt-5a is reduced in other types of breast cancer [ 36 ] .
SL-1 is a matrix metalloproteinase that can alter ECM-mediated signaling events during development [ 29 30 31 ] . Both SL-1 and Wnt-5a have roles in mammary gland development and are elevated in certain breast cancers [ 32 33 34 35 ] , although Wnt-5a is reduced in other types of breast cancer [ 36 ] .
The initiating events of development of Dictyostelium include sensing starvation and cell density, which in turn result in the dispersed cells acquiring the ability to aggregate.
The mechanism of sensing the density of starved cells insures that aggregation occurs only when there are sufficient numbers of starved cells to form aggregates and subsequent structures of appropriate size for optimized spore dispersal [ 2 3 4 ] . Hence, starvation and a threshold of cell density are the two known prerequisites for the transition from growth to development.
Conditioned medium factor (CMF) is a 80 kDa glycoprotein that is essential for early development [ 3 4 10 ] . CMF is sequestered in vegetative cells and is secreted upon starvation [ 4 ] . A critical concentration of extracellular CMF is required for subsequent development as CMF is involved in regulating aggregation, cAMP pulsing, and early developmental events [ 2 3 11 ] .
Conditioned medium factor (CMF) is a 80 kDa glycoprotein that is essential for early development [ 3 4 10 ] . CMF is sequestered in vegetative cells and is secreted upon starvation [ 4 ] . A critical concentration of extracellular CMF is required for subsequent development as CMF is involved in regulating aggregation, cAMP pulsing, and early developmental events [ 2 3 11 ] .
Although recent investigations have revealed several components involved in regulating the initiation of development [ 15 16 17 18 ] , little or no information exists on how the cells sense starvation and in particular amino acid deprivation.
Early studies indicated that depletion of amino acids and not other nutrients is essential for initiation of development [ 19 20 21 ] . Upon amino acid starvation, among other events there is a substantial decrease in the rate of initiation of protein synthesis, resulting in a reduction in size and amount of polysomes and accumulation of free ribosomes [ 19 22 23 ] . It is believed that the decrease in protein synthesis in response to starvation occurs post-transcriptionally, since adding back amino acids rapidly restores protein synthesis and does not require new mRNA synthesis [ 22 ] .
We reasoned that a GCN2-like protein might be involved in sensing amino acid starvation in Dictyostelium and in regulating the growth to development transition.
The findings presented herein indicate that neither of the ifk genes is involved in initiating development.
However disruption of the ifkA gene resulted in several defects during the first few hours of development.
The increased phosphorylation by IfkA normally occurs from 1 to 7 hours after the onset of development, resulting in a secondary shift from polysomes to free ribosomes for bulk mRNA.
Expression of ifkAand ifkBmRNA during growth and development
RNA was isolated from the parental or "wild type" strain (Ax4) and the ifkA null strain (BS153, described below) during growth and at various times after the onset of development.
2represents the additive mRNA levels from both genes in Ax4 during growth and development, while panel B reflects ifkB mRNA levels and panel C reflects ifkA mRNA levels.
IfkB mRNA expression remains constant as development proceeds, while the levels of ifkA mRNA dramatically drop soon after the onset of development and remain at a low level for the remainder of development.
IfkB mRNA expression remains constant as development proceeds, while the levels of ifkA mRNA dramatically drop soon after the onset of development and remain at a low level for the remainder of development.
IfkB mRNA expression remains constant as development proceeds, while the levels of ifkA mRNA dramatically drop soon after the onset of development and remain at a low level for the remainder of development.
Some of the results below, including the morphology during development, were confirmed in the other, independently isolated null strains.
BS153 and Ax4 cells were grown on bacteria and plated under standard conditions of development after removal of the bacteria.
BS153 cells were able to develop and form fruiting bodies, indicating that if IfkA is involved in sensing amino acid starvation to initiate development this involvement is nonessential.
However, development of BS153 cells was atypical in several ways.
BS153 cells formed ripples, the first visual sign of aggregation, as early as 4 hours, and the tight mound stage was attained by 7 to 8 hours after the onset of development.
Development of the cells in monolayers in buffer or in conditioned medium from BS153 or Ax4 cells [ 10 ] indicated that secreted factors were involved in causing both the earlier aggregation of BS153 cells and the larger size of the resulting multicellular entities.
One secreted factor that is involved in regulating aggregation, cAMP pulsing, and early developmental events is CMF [ 2 3 ] . CMF mRNA levels were normal in BS153 during growth and development (not shown).
The cAMP cell surface receptor Car1 ( carA gene) is responsible for sensing secreted cAMP and activating adenylyl cyclase ( acaA gene), which in turn results in the production and secretion of cAMP in order to relay the cAMP pulses [ 38 ] . Normally both of these genes are expressed at very low levels in growing cells, and their expression is induced during the first few hours of development, including a stimulation of expression by the cAMP pulses themselves [ 39 ] .
RT-PCR was carried out on RNA isolated from growing cells and at various times after the onset of development of BS153 and Ax4 cells (fig.
In the Ax4 parental strain, there was a basal level of phosphorylation of eIF2α found in growing cells, and the level was higher from 2 to 6 hours after the onset of development (fig.
In contrast, eIF2α phosphorylation in BS153 cells remained at the basal, growth specific level throughout the times of development that were examined (the first 10 hours).
In Dictyostelium , a major shift in the polysome profile occurs as a result of starvation and initiation of development [ 19 23 ] . The percentage of mRNA associated with polysomes drops from about 80-90% in growing cells to 50-60% within several minutes of removal of the food source.
However, at two hours and four hours after the onset of development evidence was found for a second, smaller magnitude polysome shift.
Although the initial decrease in translation is a result of a different mechanism, we conclude that phosphorylation of eIF2α by IfkA from about 1 to 7 hours after the onset of development results in a further decrease in overall translation initiation and thus in a secondary shift of polysomes to free ribosomes.
In the parental strain Ax4, the level of countin mRNA gradually decreased with time after the onset of development (fig.
To examine this possibility, the distribution of countin mRNA within the polysome profiles of Ax4 and BS153 were examined before and after the onset of development.
The results indicate that in the absence of IfkA and its phosphorylation of eIF2α during early development, countin mRNA is retained less well on polysomes and has fewer associated ribosomes.
This suggests that normally during early development in the wild type strain, enhanced translation of countin mRNA occurs as a result of IfkA phosphorylating eIF2α.
Also, it is possible that reduced association with ribosomes results in a destabilization of countin mRNA, and this might account for the more rapid loss and lower levels of countin mRNA found in BS153 cells after the onset of development.
To examine this possibility, countin mRNA levels were examined after the inhibition of transcription, 2 hours after the onset of development, using actinomycin D [ 40 ] . After inhibition of transcription, countin mRNA was lost earlier in developing BS153 cells than in the parental Ax4 cells (fig.
Recent findings indicate the presence of another Countin-like factor, Countin2, that is involved in regulating aggregate size [ 14 ] . Countin2 mRNA levels were found to be the same in BS153 and Ax4 during growth and development (not shown).
Depletion of amino acids as opposed to other nutrients such as glucose and vitamins was shown to be responsible for shutting down growth and cell division and initiating the developmental program [ 19 20 21 ] . Although substantial progress on the regulation of the initiation of development in Dictyostelium has been made [ 15 16 17 18 ] , how the cells sense starvation and in particular amino acid deprivation is unknown.
GCN2 of yeast and mammals is a known sensor of amino acid starvation and regulates cellular responses to such starvation [ 24 25 ] . Using degenerate primers and PCR and database searching identified two GCN2-like genes in Dictyostelium , ifkA and ifkB . Thinking that one or both of these genes may play a role in sensing amino acid starvation and in initiating development, we carried out the work described herein to examine their functions.
Although it is possible that IfkB plays a role in the transition from growth to development, we do not think it does.
A basal level of eIF2α phosphorylation was found in growing cells, and this basal level was maintained during development in the ifkA null strain.
Instead, only a basal and unchanging level of phosphorylation during growth and development can be attributed to IfkB.
A very early event marking the initiation of development is a substantial reduction in overall translation initiation and a concomitant major shift of ribosomes from mRNA-associated ribosomes (polysomes) to free ribosomes [ 22 23 ] . The percentage of mRNA associated with polysomes drops from about 80-90% in growing cells to 50-60% within several minutes of the removal of the food source.
Disruption of the ifkA gene was accomplished, and several defects were found in the null strain (BS153) that indicted a role for IfkA and eIF2α phosphorylation during the first several hours of development.
Examining the morphology of the null strain revealed two major aberrations relative to the normal morphology attained during development.
In addition, these genes are "pulse-induced" genes and thus their induction during early development normally is enhanced and promoted as the cAMP pulses are established [ 39 ] . The early and more abundant induction of their mRNAs in BS153 indicate that the pulsing system is functioning earlier in the absence of IfkA.
Examination of eIF2α phosphorylation in ifkA null cells indicated that the IfkA protein is responsible for increased phosphorylation eIF2α from 1 to 7 hours after the onset of development.
The uORFs are involved mechanistically in bringing about enhanced translation initiation under conditions that otherwise favor a general decrease in translation initiation [ 25 ] . Within the 5' UTR of countin mRNA, we find uORFs similar in number and in arrangement to those of GCN4 mRNA, the major mRNA regulated by yeast GCN2 [ 25 ] . Thus, we suggest that countin mRNA, and probably other as yet identified mRNAs, are translationally upregulated when IfkA phosphorylates eIF2α during the preaggregation period, or from 1 to 7 hours after the onset of development.
Indeed we found less intracellular Countin throughout the first 8 hours after the onset of development of BS153 cells.
In addition, there was significantly less Countin secreted during the first 8 hours of development.
The heterogeneity of the size of the aggregates of developing BS153 might arise from the fact that extracellular countin levels eventually reach near normal levels, at about 10 to 12 hours after the onset of development.
Since the extracellular concentrations of Countin reflect cell density, perhaps it is important to maintain a constant level of Countin production and secretion once development has been initiated.
In summary, the findings suggest that IfkA is an eIF2α kinase of Dictyostelium that normally phosphorylates eIF2α from 1 to 7 hours after the onset of development, or during the preaggregation phase.
Cell growth and development
Cells were grown axenically in HL5 media or on SM plates with Klebsiella pneumoniae [ 45 ] . Cells grown in the presence of bacteria were using for development as described [ 46 47 ] unless otherwise stated.
For determination of the extent of eIF2α phosphorylation, Ax4 and BS153 cells were plated for development, and samples were taken at various times.
ifkA null cells and Ax4 cells after starvation, mid-log phase cells growing axenically were collected, washed, and resuspended in the standard development buffer (PDF, 20 mM potassium phosphate, pH 6.1, 5 mM magnesium chloride, 0.5% streptomycin sulfate) at 5 × 10 6cells/ml.
RNA was isolated, processed, and used for RT-PCR as described [ 51 52 ] . For polysome analysis, BS153 and Ax4 cells were harvest from bacterial growth plates before noticeable presence of Dictyostelium cell growth . After removal of bacteria, cells were plated for development as described above.
After 2 and 4 hours of development, cells were collected into polysome buffer (HMK-NP40 plus cycloheximide to stabilize the polysomes).
For all RNA samples used in RT-PCR reactions, H7 specific oligonucleotides were used as a control; H7 mRNA is expressed at a constant level during growth and development [ 47 ] and thus monitors relative levels of RNA used in the reactions.
Homeobox genes of the Hox class are required for proper patterning of skeletal elements [ 7 ] . The functional role of Hox genes in skeletal growth and development has been clearly demonstrated, but how they control the differentiation of specific tissues is not well understood.
The structural rigidity of rib cartilage is greatly compromised, fatally interfering with pulmonary function, and vertebral cartilage is so weak that the skeleton often disassembles during skeletal preparation [ 1 ] . These results suggest that Hoxc-8 continues to regulate skeletal development well beyond pattern formation in a tissue-specific manner, presumably by controlling the progression of cells along the chondrocyte differentiation pathway.
Detailed knowledge of regulatory mechanisms in endochondral ossification will be essential for strategies to manipulate chondrocyte proliferation, differentiation and maturation in skeletal growth and development, osteochondrodysplasias and fracture healing.
A similar phenotype is found in Hoxd-4 transgenic mice ( [ 1 ] and Kappen, manuscript in preparation) indicating that Hox transcription factors regulate chondrocyte development.
While additional measurements at later stages of development would be needed to confirm whether this is a continuous trend for cartilage development in late pregnancy in Hoxc-8 overexpressing animals, these results were initially unexpected: The phenotype of Hoxc-8 transgenic animals at 17.
While additional measurements at later stages of development would be needed to confirm whether this is a continuous trend for cartilage development in late pregnancy in Hoxc-8 overexpressing animals, these results were initially unexpected: The phenotype of Hoxc-8 transgenic animals at 17.
As shown in Figure 8, Hoxc-8 expression is elevated in Hoxc-8 transgenic mice, as expected [ 23 ] . Differences also exist between controls and transgenics in expression levels for several genes involved in cartilage development.
Staining of sections for BrdU incorporation was done using the Zymed BrdU staining kit with Horseradish Peroxidase, and development with DAB for 5 minutes.
Diapause is generally characterized by a slowing of metabolism, a reduction or elimination of cell division and a cessation of morphological development, evident as a 'resting stage' [ 1 ] . Diapause occurs in response to stimuli that predict adverse environmental conditions, not in response to the conditions themselves.
Once in diapause, development is not resumed even if conditions return to those amenable to growth.
Until recently diapause was generally considered a physiological phenomenon, and much research had concerned the conditions that induce diapause and the endocrinology of its regulation [ 2 3 ] . Nevertheless, diapause is also a developmental process, and these previous studies did not address fundamental questions concerning development before, during and after diapause.
More recent research has begun to focus on the molecular aspects of diapause, with studies of Bombyx morii , Sarcophaga crassipalis , and Lymantria dispar identifying genes up- and down-regulated during diapause [ 1 4 5 6 7 ] . In order to complete this picture, however, detailed descriptions of the morphological aspects of development spanning diapause are also necessary.
The total period of egg development is reported as approximately 100 days [ 8 ] . In contrast, parthenogenetic embryogenesis is completed in approximately 10 days.
Certain aspects of aphid egg development have been elucidated in other species.
The conditions required to induce the production of sexual males and females has been established [ 8 9 ] . There has also been work on the influence of genetic background and the environment on the duration of egg development in different species and strains [ 10 11 ] . The most comprehensive study of aphid egg development, by Behrandt [ 12 ] , suggests that it constitutes three stages: (i) a temperature dependent period of initial development, (ii) a temperature independent 'diapause' followed by (iii) temperature dependent development.
The conditions required to induce the production of sexual males and females has been established [ 8 9 ] . There has also been work on the influence of genetic background and the environment on the duration of egg development in different species and strains [ 10 11 ] . The most comprehensive study of aphid egg development, by Behrandt [ 12 ] , suggests that it constitutes three stages: (i) a temperature dependent period of initial development, (ii) a temperature independent 'diapause' followed by (iii) temperature dependent development.
The conditions required to induce the production of sexual males and females has been established [ 8 9 ] . There has also been work on the influence of genetic background and the environment on the duration of egg development in different species and strains [ 10 11 ] . The most comprehensive study of aphid egg development, by Behrandt [ 12 ] , suggests that it constitutes three stages: (i) a temperature dependent period of initial development, (ii) a temperature independent 'diapause' followed by (iii) temperature dependent development.
The conditions required to induce the production of sexual males and females has been established [ 8 9 ] . There has also been work on the influence of genetic background and the environment on the duration of egg development in different species and strains [ 10 11 ] . The most comprehensive study of aphid egg development, by Behrandt [ 12 ] , suggests that it constitutes three stages: (i) a temperature dependent period of initial development, (ii) a temperature independent 'diapause' followed by (iii) temperature dependent development.
Additionally, development is only completed successfully if the eggs are chilled for at least a short period of time during early development.
Additionally, development is only completed successfully if the eggs are chilled for at least a short period of time during early development.
Here we present a description of the development of sexually-produced pea aphid embryos.
We maintained embryos under conditions that mimic those experienced naturally (0-4°C), and tracked their development through sampling and dissection.
In aphids, and most other insects, however, there is a strong relationship between temperature and developmental rate [ 19 ] . In order, therefore, to determine whether any resting stage we observed at 0-4°C was truly diapause and not a consequence of low rearing temperatures, we also tracked the development of embryos maintained under warmer conditions (10°C and 16°C).
Further, to determine whether there was a cessation of cell division at any point during development, we immunostained the embryos with anti-Histone H3, which identifies cells undergoing mitosis.
Finally, we tested whether putatively diapausing embryos could resume development and hatch earlier than the reported 100 days [ 8 ] by transferring embryos from 0-4°C to 16°C at day 49 and tracking their development.
Finally, we tested whether putatively diapausing embryos could resume development and hatch earlier than the reported 100 days [ 8 ] by transferring embryos from 0-4°C to 16°C at day 49 and tracking their development.
We show that under winter-like conditions, development is continuous but slow, and progresses in a temperature independent manner for part of the time.
The data indicate that A. pisum undergoes a type of diapause, but one that is different from the 'cessation of development' presented as diapause in many other insects.
Embryonic development at 0-4°C
The first 15 days of development at 16°C of a sexually produced A. pisum embryo has been described previously by Miura et al.
Figure 3shows the changes in length of the body and third leg from day 21 to completion of development for all three temperature regimes.
Figure 2illustrates the development of an embryo maintained at 4°C days and 0°C nights from day 15 - 85.
Embryonic development at 10°C
Embryonic development at 10°C suggests that early development of the sexually-produced A. pisum embryo, particularly before katatrepsis, is temperature independent.
Embryonic development at 10°C suggests that early development of the sexually-produced A. pisum embryo, particularly before katatrepsis, is temperature independent.
Late development of the sexually-produced A. pisum embryo, particularly during and after katatrepsis, appeared to be temperature dependent.
Development was completed by day 77 at 10°C in contrast to day 100 at 0-4°C.
Embryonic development at 16°C
Embryonic development at 16°C again suggests that early development of the sexually-produced A. pisum embryo is temperature independent.
Embryonic development at 16°C again suggests that early development of the sexually-produced A. pisum embryo is temperature independent.
Typically the embryos showed accelerated development of part but not all of their morphology.
None of the embryos maintained at 16°C either completed development or hatched.
Embryonic development after transfer from 0-4°C to 16°C
Transferring aphids from 0-4°C to 16°C on day 49 resulted in almost immediate katatrepsis followed by a rapid completion of development (figure 7).
This is in contrast to asexually-produced embryos where growth rate approximately doubles between 5°C and 10°C and between 10°C and 16°C [ 19 ] . In sexually-produced embryos the period of temperature independent development, or diapause, ends around katatrepsis.
After this point development becomes temperature dependent, with more rapid growth at 10°C than at 0-4°C.
At all the temperatures tested there was no cessation of morphological development.
This appears to be somewhat contrary to the traditional understanding of diapause, which typically involves a distinct 'resting stage' [ 1 21 ] . Much research has revealed, however, that even during the 'resting stage' there are physiological changes in the diapausing insect, leading to the concept of 'diapause development' [ 22 23 ] . Nevertheless, such development appears to be primarily physiological rather than morphological, and was defined as physiogenesis by Andrewartha (1952).
This appears to be somewhat contrary to the traditional understanding of diapause, which typically involves a distinct 'resting stage' [ 1 21 ] . Much research has revealed, however, that even during the 'resting stage' there are physiological changes in the diapausing insect, leading to the concept of 'diapause development' [ 22 23 ] . Nevertheless, such development appears to be primarily physiological rather than morphological, and was defined as physiogenesis by Andrewartha (1952).
It is possible that the morphological development observed in diapausing A. pisum is exceptional.
Alternatively, diapause in many other insects may also involve a slowing but not a cessation of morphological development.
There are, however, a few examples of continued morphological development during diapause.
Diapausing embryos of the orthopteran Austroicetes cruciata undergo slow development for the first two months of diapause, before entering a resting stage [ 24 ] . Similarly, caterpillars of Cirphus unipunctata and Laphygma exigua continue to feed and develop during diapause, albeit at a much-reduced rate [ 25 ] , and caterpillars of the corn-stalk borer Sesamia nonagriodes undergo non-stationary moults during diapause [ 26 ] . These examples hint that the expression of diapause-controlled dormancy may vary between species [ 2 ] . Consequently, diapause could be considered extreme regulation of developmental rate, rather than a shutting down of morphological development.
The mechanisms that control diapause in A. pisum may therefore be the same as those that control the rate of morphological development at other stages of development.
The mechanisms that control diapause in A. pisum may therefore be the same as those that control the rate of morphological development at other stages of development.
In embryos that remained at 0-4°C until day 98, there was no obvious difference in development rate during and after diapause, and this is consistent with observations in other insects [ 1 27 ] . There must, however, be some change in condition to move development from being temperature independent to temperature dependent [ 1 ] . This change appears to be at or around katatrepsis.
In embryos that remained at 0-4°C until day 98, there was no obvious difference in development rate during and after diapause, and this is consistent with observations in other insects [ 1 27 ] . There must, however, be some change in condition to move development from being temperature independent to temperature dependent [ 1 ] . This change appears to be at or around katatrepsis.
Identifying what this change is, and what, if anything, it has to do with katatrepsis, will be key to understanding how the pea aphid controls development during diapause.
The genetic pathways involved in the development of A. pisum embryos must build an animal under two conditions.
The first is slow, temperature independent development at low ambient temperatures in sexually-produced embryos, and the second is rapid temperature dependent development at higher ambient temperatures in asexually-produced embryos.
The first is slow, temperature independent development at low ambient temperatures in sexually-produced embryos, and the second is rapid temperature dependent development at higher ambient temperatures in asexually-produced embryos.
Presumably the same pathways are involved in both processes - it would be surprising if A. pisum were to have different sets of genes for the two modes of development.
Diapause may therefore act to limit the speed of reactions that would otherwise occur more rapidly at higher temperatures, possibly through the action of an 'inhibitory factor' [ 22 33 ] . According to this model, the higher the ambient temperature the greater the required activity of the inhibitory factor [ 33 ] . When temperatures are maintained at abnormally high temperatures (16°C), regulation may be compromised with only some aspects of development slowed.
The one system where diapause has been well elucidated, dauer formation in the nematode C. elegans , indicates that the insulin pathway plays an important role [ 34 ] . Recent work on mutant Drosophila that mimic reproductive diapause in adults also suggests a role for insulin [ 35 36 ] . Insulin, which regulates growth in other stages of development in Drosophila [ 37 38 ] , may therefore play a similar role during A. pisum diapause.
Since heat-shock proteins are also involved in cell cycle arrest, however, they may play a more central role in the regulation of diapause [ 1 ] . Heat-shock proteins are also typically heat inducible, and so fit with the concept of a temperature dependent 'inhibitory factor' [ 33 ] . Additionally, high levels of heat-shock proteins may disrupt development [ 41 ] , which could help explain the developmental defects observed in embryos maintained at 16°C.
If this interaction term is significantly different from zero it indicates that the slope of the relationship between length and age (rate of development) varies with temperature.
Our aim is not to criticise these theoretical developments at all.
Of course, capturing the essence of complicated behaviour using simple models is an important step in theory development, and it is easy to challenge such models by pointing out elements or complications that are missing.
Author 2 (PS) aided the theoretical development.
Defining which factors affect flowering is important for a better understanding of plant growth and development and offers an opportunity to study the interactions of environmental cues, chemical signals, and gene expression.
Many plant species, including maize and other grasses are much less dependent on the photoperiod and gibberellin than Arabidopsis, suggesting that different signals may be required for flower development.
Plant height and development
One hypothesis that can be tested is the involvement of phenylpropanoid intermediates as signaling molecules in plant development.
While comparisons between a wild type and a mutant that has been subjected to six or seven backcrosses are generally considered acceptable, there is still a small risk of linkage drag, creating the possibility that genes linked to the brown midrib genes are affecting the development.
Preliminary allelism tests indicated there are at least three different bmr loci [ 25 ] . The bmr mutants that were part of this study did not show any major abnormalities in their growth and development.
, nematodes) with a false coelom and finally to the bulk of animal phyla having a true coelom (Coelomata) [ 1 2 ] . There has never been complete agreement on animal phylogeny and classification, but most researchers have divided living coelomate animals into deuterostomes (echinoderms, hemichordates, urochordates, cephalochordates, and vertebrates) and protostomes (arthropods, annelids, mollusks, and other phyla) based on differences in early embryonic development.
Experimental studies of invertebrates that contain only a single Runx gene (sea urchin, tunicate, and nematode) are therefore likely to highlight primitive (general) functions of this family of transcription factors in the control of cell fate, proliferation, and differentiation during metazoan development.
, segmentation in arthropods [ 15 ] , bone development in vertebrates [ 20 ] , etc.).
Thus, studies of Runx genes in sea urchins, tunicates, and nematodes are likely to highlight primitive, pan-bilaterian regulatory functions of this family of genes in the cell biology of animal development.
As a consequence, mouse models are useful for identifying and characterizing the effects of causative genes necessary for glaucoma development, and for characterizing the genes and molecular pathways that participate in or modify disease progression [ 9].
We have documented the development of a disease involving iris stromal atrophy and glaucoma in aged AKXD28 mice.
These genes include PITX2, PITX3, PAX6, FOXC1 (previously known as FKHL7 and FREAC3), Foxc2 and FOXE3 [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Activity levels for these transcription factors normally associated with diploid gene dosage are important for normal ocular development, with heterozygosity for null mutations in most of these genes causing anterior segment dysgenesis.
For FOXC1 and PAX6, both haploinsufficiency and increased gene dosage due to gene duplication result in abnormal ocular development [ 10 11 12 13 ] . Similarly, a mutation in PITX2 that results in increased transcriptional transactivation causes ASD [ 14 ] .
Although originally named because of their ability to induce bone and cartilage formation [ 15 ] , BMPs are involved in many developmental processes, including cell proliferation and differentiation, apoptosis, and intercellular interactions during morphogenesis [ 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ] . Members of the bone morphogenetic protein family function in a gene dosage dependent manner during development and participate in ocular development [ 26 27 28 29 ] . Therefore, mutations that alter the level of BMPs or alter the degree of BMP signaling are candidates to contribute to Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome and other conditions involving anterior segment malformation, elevated IOP, and glaucoma.
Although originally named because of their ability to induce bone and cartilage formation [ 15 ] , BMPs are involved in many developmental processes, including cell proliferation and differentiation, apoptosis, and intercellular interactions during morphogenesis [ 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ] . Members of the bone morphogenetic protein family function in a gene dosage dependent manner during development and participate in ocular development [ 26 27 28 29 ] . Therefore, mutations that alter the level of BMPs or alter the degree of BMP signaling are candidates to contribute to Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome and other conditions involving anterior segment malformation, elevated IOP, and glaucoma.
Bmp4 is expressed in multiple tissues during embryonic development, including the heart, lung, kidney, brain, and eye [ 19 24 ] . In the eye, Bmp4 expression is first identified in the distal optic vesicle and overlying surface ectoderm at the 8-12 somite stage and later in the dorsal portion of the developing optic cup [ 31 ] . Lens induction is absent in homozygous Bmp4 mutants and can be rescued by exogenous BMP4 protein [ 31 ] .
The effects of decreasing Bmp4 dosage on anterior and posterior segment development have not been reported.
Abnormalities of the iridocorneal angle included small or absent Schlemm's canal (SC), hypoplastic or absent trabecular meshwork (TM) that appeared compressed and stalled in development, and iris attachments to the peripheral cornea (synechiae.
To investigate the consequences of functionally halving Bmp4 gene dosage on iridocorneal angle development in more detail, we used transmission electron microscopy.
The abnormalities affect a variety of anterior segment tissues including the drainage structures of the iridocorneal angle and are similar to those reported in human patients with ASD and glaucoma [ 36 37 38 ] . The absence of detectable Bmp4 expression in the drainage structures suggests that BMP4 produced by the ciliary body and/or iris may act as a growth and differentiation factor during angle development.
Bmp4affects retinal vascular development and hyaloid vascular involution
Vertebrate retinal development is an intricate process involving complex pathways that are not completely understood [ 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 ] . Although our cell marker analysis indicates that all major retinal cell types differentiate, haploinsufficiency of BMP4 results in a variety of retinal abnormalities.
Retinal dysplasia is characterized by palisading outer retinal cells that surround a central lumen [ 57 ] . It occurs in mice with a variety of genetic defects and in some instances is associated with abnormalities of the retinal pigment epithelium [ 58 59 60 61 62 ] . Both during development and in adult life, the retinal pigment epithelium is critical to retinal function [ 63 ] . BMP2 and 4 may act as negative growth regulators in the retinal pigment epithelium [ 64 ] . It is possible that haploinsufficiency of BMP4 in the retinal pigment epithelium may be responsible for focal retinal dysplasia and displacement of photoreceptor nuclei.
Wild-type levels of BMP4 are important for normal development of the anterior and posterior segments.
These mice provide a model to study these diseases and various processes of ocular development.
Development of the YAC map was described previously by Engle, et al.
In this population, insulin resistance is a major risk factor for the development of the disease [ 2], and maximal insulin action (i.e.
Because NIDDM is a genetic disorder [ 10] and results from an imbalance between insulin sensitivity and beta cell function, we hypothesized that the A54T polymorphism of the FABP2 gene plays a role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, which is one of the key determinants for the development of NIDDM [ 2].
Furthermore, since 1) insulin resistance is neither necessary nor sufficient for the development of T2DM, 2) this polymorphism has only a very modest influence on insulin sensitivity, and 3) beta cell dysfunction, on which this polymorphism has no influence in the present study, plays a key role in the development of overt diabetes [ 2], the population association studies and linkage studies are not able to detect the interaction between this polymorphism and the diabetes phenotype.
Furthermore, since 1) insulin resistance is neither necessary nor sufficient for the development of T2DM, 2) this polymorphism has only a very modest influence on insulin sensitivity, and 3) beta cell dysfunction, on which this polymorphism has no influence in the present study, plays a key role in the development of overt diabetes [ 2], the population association studies and linkage studies are not able to detect the interaction between this polymorphism and the diabetes phenotype.
Macronuclear development
An analogous sequence, E-cbs, has been characterized in Euplotes by sequence comparisons and analyses of DNA intermediates and products of MAC development [ 37 38 39 ] . At a fixed distance from itself, E-cbs directs a 6-nucleotide staggered cut, with a protruding 3'OH to which telomerase adds telomere repeats.
A variety of 5'-3' exoncleases are known in eukaryotes (review: [ 68 ] ), so it is reasonable to assume such an activity operates during macronuclear development.
Evidence suggests that gain of function in PAX7 triggers neoplastic development by maintaining cells in a deregulated, undifferentiated and proliferative state, as is seen in alveolar rhabdomyosarcomas.
Thus far, this phenotype segregates as an autosomal recessive trait and maps to the FEOM2 locus on chromosome 11q13 [ 8 ] , and affected individuals carry homozygous mutations in ARIX [ 5 ] . ARIX encodes a homeodomain transcription factor required for nIII and nIV development in mice and zebrafish [ 22 23 ] . In families with CFEOM3, the CFEOM phenotype is variably expressed.
ARIX, which encodes a transcription factor critical to nIII and nIV development in mice and zebrafish [ 22 23 ] , was recently identified as the FEOM2 gene mutated in affected members of CFEOM2 families [ 5 ] . It was unknown, however, if classic CFEOM may also result from mutations in this gene.
This finding is consistent with our prediction that, compared to ARIX, the genes mutated in CFEOM1 may have a more restricted function in the development of nIII and that their expression may actually be regulated by ARIX.
This study revealed absence of the superior division of the oculomotor nerve and the corresponding central caudal and medial nIII subnuclei, and marked abnormalities of the levator palpebrae superioris and superior rectus muscles [ 4 ] . These findings suggest that while ARIX is necessary for both nIII and nIV development, the CFEOM1 genes may be necessary for the development of only these two specific nIII subnuclei.
This study revealed absence of the superior division of the oculomotor nerve and the corresponding central caudal and medial nIII subnuclei, and marked abnormalities of the levator palpebrae superioris and superior rectus muscles [ 4 ] . These findings suggest that while ARIX is necessary for both nIII and nIV development, the CFEOM1 genes may be necessary for the development of only these two specific nIII subnuclei.
Once identified, we anticipate that the study of the function of these genes will contribute to our understanding of midbrain motor neuron development.
This suggests that MYOC haploinsufficiency is not causative for glaucoma and that myocilin may even be dispensable or redundant in normal human development or only important when ocular stress occurs.
The presence of a single hs-E2F transgene gave a weak and incompletely penetrant enhancement in the absence of heat shock, and this enhancement was stronger and completely penetrant when the transgenic strain was exposed to a heat shock treatment every 24 h during third instar and early pupal development (fig.
What is the function of each of these kinesins in plant growth and development?
The expression of both Dazl1 and Dazap1 persisted throughout testes development, in both the prenatal and postnatal periods.
The expression of DAZAP1 during germ cell development paralleled that of DAZL (Figure 5).
Nucleoplasmin is the most abundant protein in the Xenopus oocyte nucleus and is the protein for which the term molecular chaperone was coined due to its multiple roles in the assembly of nucleosomes during early frog development [ 1 ] . Nucleoplasmin forms a pentamer and its stretches of acidic residues bind to histone H2A and H2B.
The development of distinct tissue and cell types is a fundamental characteristic of growth in higher organisms.
In particular, the identities of five Antennapedia -like homeobox genes have been disclosed from both our and the Spanish asexual strains [ 11 26 ] . These findings imply that PEVE may affect other asexual strains of planaria, thus paving the way for the development of transgenic planaria using the planarian viral sequences as vectors for introduction of exogenous DNA into planarian cells.
Among the 30,000 - 40,000 human genes [ 1 2 ] , an expanding list of genes has been shown to be involved in cancer development and progression.
First, cancers are often detected at a late stage in development, after multiple genetic and epigenetic changes have rendered the cancer metastatic and highly refractory even to harsh treatment.
The development of high throughput genomic technologies enables us to screen thousands of genes simultaneously for the informative genes, yet the power of these technologies is greatly attenuated when inappropriate samples are studied.
This observation motivates the development of experimental protocols that allow application of genomic technologies to minute amounts of biological materials.
Concomitant with this development of asymmetrical structure, the AAA1 protomer of the dynein motor unit evolved a functional dominance, in which it alone retains the full ability for binding and hydrolysis of ATP, while AAA2, AAA3 and AAA4 have lost the capability for hydrolysis and the most degenerate protomers AAA5 and AAA6 show no significant binding of ATP [ 20 21 22 ] . In midasin, the specialization of AAA protomers appears to have taken a less drastic course than in dynein.
[ 22 ] showed that SCYA17 potentially played a role via a paracrine mechanism in the development of allergic respiratory diseases.
TrkA plays a crucial role in the development and function of the nociceptive reception system.
The use of high-density microarray technology to identify specific genes that are expressed differently under one or more biological conditions is particularly relevant to drug discovery and development.
Deletion of the 13q region is associated with human 13q syndrome, a developmental disorder [ 24 ] . Some of the proteoglycans play important functional roles in neurogenesis, axon guidance, synapse development [ 25 ] , and cellular growth and differentiation [ 26 27 23 ] . Mutations in GPC3 cause Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome [ 28 29 ] , however, no mutations were detected in the GPC5 and GPC6 genes [ 30 ] . The glypican1 gene has been suggested to be a good candidate for brachydactyly type E [ 31 ] . Given that, GPC5 is highly expressed in brain and mutations in other genes of the glypican families are associated with developmental disorder; GPC5 could be a potential candidate gene for Bipolar disorder.
SLC participated in the development of ~15 Mb map region on human chromosome 13q32.
These include, but are by no means limited to, (i) comparisons of healthy and diseased tissue in order to understand malfunctions in regulation and identify genes essential for control, thus identifying target molecules for the development of novel therapeutics and (ii) the observation of changes in expression over time after addition of a drug to elucidate the mechanism of action of pharmaceuticals and predict their toxicology.
Improvements in sequencing automation and analysis such as capillary electrophoresis have speeded up the process considerably and recent developments such as a sequencing method based on real-time pyrophosphate [ 16 ] , sequencing on microchips [ 17 ] , and massive parallel signature sequencing on microbead arrays [ 18 ] also contribute to the speed and depth of EST gene expression analysis.
For example, TOX may also be involved in germinal center B lymphocyte development and/or function [ 16 ] .
Several other HMG-box proteins also play important roles in lymphocyte development [ 17 ] . Mice doubly deficient in lymphocyte enhancement factor-1 (LEF-1) and T cell factor-1 (TCF-1) have a complete block in development of T cells [ 18 19 ] , while deficiency of SRY-box containing protein 4 (SOX-4) in mice results in a lack of pro-B cell expansion and mild perturbation of thymocyte development [ 20 ] . Unlike these HMG-box proteins, however, we find that the HMG-box of TOX is more closely related to the DNA binding domain of sequence-independent HMG-box proteins.
Several other HMG-box proteins also play important roles in lymphocyte development [ 17 ] . Mice doubly deficient in lymphocyte enhancement factor-1 (LEF-1) and T cell factor-1 (TCF-1) have a complete block in development of T cells [ 18 19 ] , while deficiency of SRY-box containing protein 4 (SOX-4) in mice results in a lack of pro-B cell expansion and mild perturbation of thymocyte development [ 20 ] . Unlike these HMG-box proteins, however, we find that the HMG-box of TOX is more closely related to the DNA binding domain of sequence-independent HMG-box proteins.
Several other HMG-box proteins also play important roles in lymphocyte development [ 17 ] . Mice doubly deficient in lymphocyte enhancement factor-1 (LEF-1) and T cell factor-1 (TCF-1) have a complete block in development of T cells [ 18 19 ] , while deficiency of SRY-box containing protein 4 (SOX-4) in mice results in a lack of pro-B cell expansion and mild perturbation of thymocyte development [ 20 ] . Unlike these HMG-box proteins, however, we find that the HMG-box of TOX is more closely related to the DNA binding domain of sequence-independent HMG-box proteins.
The history of the T locus began with the discovery in 1927 of a semi-dominant mutation in mice, named Brachyury , or T for tail, that affects both embryonic viability in homozygotes and tail development in heterozygotes [ 1 ] . This original T allele represents a deletion spanning 160-200 kb (reviewed in [ 2 ] ), the developmental effects of which have been well characterized [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] . Homozygous mutant embryos show a developmental failure of the notochord and posterior mesoderm, and die at midgestation.
That observation led to the development of a system for investigating the expansion of trinucleotide repeats in yeast in which the promoter is combined with the URA3 gene, a widely used counter-selectable marker [ 19 23 ] . In our work, we took advantage of the specific spacing requirements of the ADH1 promoter to develop a novel TAR cloning procedure that allows isolation of genomic regions that lack ARS elements.
A prerequisite for development of the system was an estimate of the minimal size of targeting hooks required for TAR cloning.
The mutagens permit direct selection of clones in which cellular genes have been disrupted and simplify the characterisation of genes associated with recessive mutations [ 1 ] . Mutagenesis of embryo-derived stem (ES) cells, coupled with in vitro genetic screens, has been widely used to analyse gene functions in mice [ 1 ] . These have included screens for mutations in developmentally regulated genes [ 2 3 4 5 ] , in genes regulated by extracellular agonists [ 6 7 ] , and in genes encoding secreted and transmembrane proteins [ 8 9 ] . Characterized mutations include genes involved in intracellular trafficking [ 10 ] , transcriptional regulation [ 11 12 ] , signal transduction [ 7 8 11 13 14 15 ] , neural development [ 16 ] and neural wiring [ 17 ] , and axial patterning [ 18 19 ] . The rapid expansion of the nucleic acid databases has had a tremendous impact on the identification of genes disrupted by gene entrapment.
This has led to the development of tagged sequence mutagenesis, a process by which genes disrupted in ES cells are characterized at the nucleotide level prior to germline transmission [ 20 21 22 23 24 ] .
These have included the sequencing of randomly selected cDNAs from various tissue sources, the development of computer-based prediction programs of ever-increasing accuracy, and the direct comparison between the human genome and the genome sequences of other vertebrates and invertebrates [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Using these approaches, fully annotated genomes of numerous species will be available within a relatively short time.
For example, the study of hamster gametes has revealed significant information concerning the mechanisms underlying species-specific sperm-egg interactions [ 11 12 13 ] and the deleterious effects of endocrine disruptors on male and female reproductive development [ 14 15 16 17 ] . The hamster, mouse and rat are all members of the family Muridae, however both mice and rats belong to the subfamily Murinae while hamsters belong to the subfamily Cricetinae.
A recent gene discovery study performed in the testis of Drosophila melanogaster found that 47% of greater than 1500 sequenced cDNAs did not match to ESTs previously identified in this organism [ 19 ] . Likewise the testis of the cynomolgus monkey has yielded several novel gene sequences [ 8 9 ] . Therefore, we reasoned that the sequencing of ESTs from hamster testis might reveal the existence of novel genes conserved in other species that may function in controlling testicular development and/or function.
The grain-filling process of cereal development typically has two processes: dilatory and filling.
In this manner we have identified several genes potentially involved in grain filling, and evaluate them by comparison with grain filling genes identified in an earlier study [ 1 ] . These genes have similar expression profiles showing significant differential expression during rice grain development and tissue specificity to panicle and grain.
The decomposition of a matrix of expression levels, A , presented us with several interesting patterns for gene expression during grain development (Figure 1).
Given these differences, both methods agree on a majority of grain filling genes, which had very significant differential expression during grain development.
The right singular vectors that match our preconception of a grain filling pattern of expression, for example, low expression during panicle development and increasing expression during grain development, were identified after A was decomposed.
While analysts have predicted that very high polymorphism densities will be required for association mapping in mixed or outbred populations [see for example reference [ 7 ] ], promising results have been obtained using genome scans of 600-1200 STRPs in isolated populations where levels of linkage disequilibrium are particularly high [ 8 9 10 ] . In this manuscript we describe the development of two new 10 cM human STRP Screening Sets (Sets 12 and 52) which when combined provide average STRP spacing of 4.8 cM.
Development of human STRP Screening Sets has paralleled advances in construction of genetic and physical maps.
The development of Screening Sets 12 and 52 will improve gene mapping in general, and specifically genome scans where a relatively high STRP density is required.
NFAT4/x has been implicated in development of immature thymocytes [ 5].
In addition, mice deficient for Btk and PLCγ2 have similar defects in B cell development and function (reviewed in [ 30]).
The Btk mutations found in XLA patients and the xid mouse show that Btk is required for normal B cell development, but the important pathways activated by Btk have yet to be fully identified.
Development of the parallel plate flow chamber that simulates the conditions of physiologic flow has been an important tool for dissecting the molecular events occurring between flowing leukocytes and endothelium [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ] .
This is particularly relevant to T Lymphocytes because of their ability to recognize antigen only if this is associated with the class I or the class II MHC molecules [ 3 ] , and also because of the unique selection process which operates within the thymus during T cell development.
Early during T-cell development in the thymic cortex, thymocytes bear both of the T cell surface glycoproteins CD4 and CD8 and express the α and β heterodimer of the TCR [ 4 ] . Compelling data have demonstrated that CD4 and CD8 molecules participate in the selection of MHC class I or class II restricted T cells in the thymus.
An accepted scheme of the T cell development program [ 29 30 ] has demonstrated that as immature cells enter the thymus, cycling CD4 -CD8 -precursors begin to rearrange δ, and γ genes, which generates CD4 -CD8 -, and δ +γ +cells.
In addition, a distant relative Schnurri ( Shn ) has been identified in Drosophila [ 18 19 20 ] . Although little is known about the physiological functions of the mammalian ZAS proteins, Shn has been shown to be an important transcription regulator during embryonic development.
Thymocyte development occurs within a complex network of cells, extracellular matrix, and secreted factors referred to as the thymic microenvironment [ 1 ] . Current evidence suggests that this microenvironment is created during fetal thymus organogenesis through stage-dependent interactions between differentiating thymic epithelial cells (TECs) and developing thymocytes [ 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Therefore, blocks at different stages of thymocyte development result in differential effects on TEC differentiation and function.
Thymocyte development occurs within a complex network of cells, extracellular matrix, and secreted factors referred to as the thymic microenvironment [ 1 ] . Current evidence suggests that this microenvironment is created during fetal thymus organogenesis through stage-dependent interactions between differentiating thymic epithelial cells (TECs) and developing thymocytes [ 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Therefore, blocks at different stages of thymocyte development result in differential effects on TEC differentiation and function.
Because of the complex interdependence of TEC and thymocyte differentiation, defects in fetal TEC development can be caused either directly by cell-autonomous TEC differentiation defects, or indirectly by defective thymocyte maturation.
Cytokines produced by TECs have been shown to promote proliferation in early stages of thymocyte development, and have been proposed to regulate apoptosis and differentiation, although their precise roles remain controversial [ 23 24 ] . TECs have also been shown to promote thymocyte proliferation in SP cells after selection has occurred [ 15 ] . However, a defined role for TECs at the TN-DP transition remains elusive.
In order to investigate the regulation of thymocyte development by TECs, we are studying Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutant mice.
Hoxa3 and Pax1 are transcription factors that act in a common pathway regulating thymus organogenesis and thymic epithelial cell development [ 29 31 32 33 34 ] . Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutants have defects in TEC development including reduced numbers of TECs, fewer MHC Class II +TECs, and changes in TEC proliferation and apoptosis.
Hoxa3 and Pax1 are transcription factors that act in a common pathway regulating thymus organogenesis and thymic epithelial cell development [ 29 31 32 33 34 ] . Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-compound mutants have defects in TEC development including reduced numbers of TECs, fewer MHC Class II +TECs, and changes in TEC proliferation and apoptosis.
We compared fetal and adult wild type mice with Hoxa3,Pax1 compound mutants [ 29 34 ] . We also assayed Rag1 -/-mice, which have defects in TEC development due to arrested thymocyte maturation at the TN3 stage [ 35 ] . We found stage-specific differences in proliferation levels between fetal and adult wild type thymocytes.
To test whether the changes in cytokine levels were responsible for the observed thymocyte development phenotypes, we attempted to rescue these phenotypes by supplementation in fetal thymic organ culture (FTOC).
Cultures from control genotypes (wild type, Pax1 +/-, Hoxa3 +/-, Pax1 -/-) behaved as expected [ 41 42 43 44 45 46 ] , with addition of IL-7 causing an increase in the percentage of DN cells and a corresponding decrease in DP cells, while adding SCF had no significant effect on thymocyte development (data not shown).
Abnormal TEC development in both of these mutant strains resulted in both increases and decreases in thymocyte proliferation in a stage-specific manner, rather than simply an overall reduced ability to promote proliferation.
There is considerable evidence that thymopoiesis differs in the fetal thymus during the initial creation of the microenvironment, as opposed to adult thymus function (reviewed in [ 47 ] ). Differences have been reported in responses to some cytokines, in signaling at the TN-DP transition in fetal compared to adult thymus, and in proliferation of CD4 +SP thymocytes [ 36 48 49 50 ] . The proliferation profiles of both wild type and Rag -/-fetal thymocytes support the hypothesis that fetal thymocyte maturation is fundamentally different from thymocyte development in the adult thymus.
reported 2-10 fold reductions at every stage of thymocyte development in Rag -/-adults [ 13 ] . Recent work by Petrie, et al.
Rag -/-mutants have a profound thymocyte development block at the TN3 to TN4/preDP transition [ 51 ] . During normal wild type fetal thymus development, significant DP cell development does not occur until E16.
Rag -/-mutants have a profound thymocyte development block at the TN3 to TN4/preDP transition [ 51 ] . During normal wild type fetal thymus development, significant DP cell development does not occur until E16.
Rag -/-mutants have a profound thymocyte development block at the TN3 to TN4/preDP transition [ 51 ] . During normal wild type fetal thymus development, significant DP cell development does not occur until E16.
5 the thymic microenvironment in Rag mutants has not been exposed to abnormal thymocyte development for very long, and has not yet developed the full phenotype seen in the steady state adult Rag mutant thymus [ 35 ] .
For example, SCF and IL-7 have been shown to have synergistic functions [ 62 63 ] . Therefore, changes in multiple cytokines in Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-mutants would be expected to have complex effects on thymocyte development that could be difficult to predict.
A striking example is the complete absence of γδTCR +thymocyte development in IL-7 mutants, in contrast to normal γδTCR +cell development in Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-mutants [ 29 ] , which have dramatically reduced IL-7 levels.
A striking example is the complete absence of γδTCR +thymocyte development in IL-7 mutants, in contrast to normal γδTCR +cell development in Hoxa3 +/- Pax1 -/-mutants [ 29 ] , which have dramatically reduced IL-7 levels.
This result suggests that although γδTCR +cell development requires IL-7, low levels are sufficient for this function.
Therefore, analysis of mutants with low levels of cytokines may provide a system for uncovering both dosage-dependent requirements and later functions for these factors in promoting thymocyte development.
Studies of IL-7R mutants showed relatively normal thymocyte maturation at fetal stages, albeit with reduced thymocyte numbers, in contrast to a severe block in thymocyte differentiation in adult thymus [ 49 ] . Analysis of cytokine mutants during fetal stages could therefore reveal a more complete picture of the role of these cytokines during fetal thymus development.
Taken together, our results further define the role TECs play at this complex stage of thymocyte development.
Some of the earliest changes that occur following BCR engagement are the activation of several non-receptor protein tyrosine kinases (PTKs), including p55 blk (Blk), p59 fyn (Fyn) and p53/56 lyn (Lyn) of the Src family [ 31 ] , Btk of the Itk/Tec family [ 32 33 ] and p72 Syk (Syk) of the Syk/ZAP-70 family [ 34 ] . The importance of Syk in BCR signaling and lymphocyte development has been clearly demonstrated using gene inactivation approaches.
Although syk -deficient mice die perinatally, analysis of radiation chimeras reconstituted with fetal liver from syk -deficient mice has demonstrated a block in the transition from proB cells to preB cells, indicating that signal transduction through Syk is required for early B cell development [ 35 36 ] . Inactivation of the syk gene in the chicken DT40 B cell lymphoma leads to a loss in the activation of PLCγ2, the increase in intracellular free Ca 2+and the apoptotic response following engagement of the BCR.
JWH participated in the design of the studies described and in the initial development of the BCL 1 .3B3 system.
The skewed pattern of thymocyte development toward CD4 +single positive in each of the lines was similar to that observed in DO11.
Because the expression of hCARΔcyt was detected early in thymocyte development (Fig.
The proliferative responses and potential for Th1 and Th2 phenotype development were therefore examined following adenoviral transduction.
Transduced, sorted GFP +and GFP -CD4 T cells were cultured under Th1-/Th2-polarizing conditions and examined for cytokine production following re-stimulation to determine potential effects of adenoviral transduction on effector phenotype development (Figure 4B).
Thus, neither hCAR expression nor adenoviral transduction alters the naïve T cell's potential for Th1 or Th2 phenotype development.
Importantly, the expression of hCARΔcyt by T cells was stable and high-level at all stages of development, from double-negative thymocytes to Th1 and Th2 effectors.
An important consideration at the outset of these studies concerned the possibility that ectopic hCAR expression or adenoviral transduction might affect the normal development and/or function of T cells.
For this reason, we chose to use a truncated variant of hCAR to preclude possible signaling by this molecule [ 13 ] . As evidenced by the functional data reported herein, and those from previous reports [ 14 15 ] , there does not appear to be an adverse effect of either hCARΔcyt expression or adenoviral transduction on T cell activation, development or function.
Further, continued advances in the development of "gutless" adenoviral vectors that avoid expression of cytotoxic antigenic targets may alleviate immune clearance problems [ 22 23 24 ] .
The development of newer recombinant adenoviruses containing elements for epichromosomal replication may alleviate limitations that prevent more stable in vivo expression in dividing lymphoid cells derived from hCAR transgenic mice.
It may be that the various lymphokine growth factors are differentially produced at different time points during the ontogeny of the immune system at different stages in the development of an immune response or at different sites within the body or lymphoid tissues [ 30 ] . Our studies have confirmed the importance of multiple cytokine stimulation of lymphocytes and how NK cells are crucial to the development of spontaneous cytotoxicity and are the major contributors to LAK activity in vitro when U-937 cells were used as targets.
It may be that the various lymphokine growth factors are differentially produced at different time points during the ontogeny of the immune system at different stages in the development of an immune response or at different sites within the body or lymphoid tissues [ 30 ] . Our studies have confirmed the importance of multiple cytokine stimulation of lymphocytes and how NK cells are crucial to the development of spontaneous cytotoxicity and are the major contributors to LAK activity in vitro when U-937 cells were used as targets.
T1DM susceptibility in the NOD mouse is linked to I-A g7, the murine MHC class II gene that encodes a histidine at position 56 and a serine at position 57 in the β chain, in place of the more frequent proline 56β and aspartic acid 57β [ 3 ] . The development of diabetes is prevented in NOD.PD mice (which are NOD mice with I-A g7) that carry a β chain transgene with site-specific mutations that restore proline and aspartic acid at positions 56β and 57β, respectively [ 4 ] . Furthermore, because of the two amino acid changes in the additional (transgenic) MHC class II allele β chain in NOD.PD mice, NOD.PD mice recognize three additional peptide epitopes in the glutamic acid decarboxylase 65 (GAD65) autoantigen [ 5 ] .
However, it was initially unclear whether anaphylactic reactivity also could be elicited to self peptides that have been implicated in the development of a spontaneous autoimmune disorder.
In the present study, we show that anti-peptide autoantibodies and fatal anaphylactic reactions can be elicited by immunodominant GAD65 peptides in NOD mice that have been injected with these peptides intraperitoneally in incomplete Freund's adjuvant (IFA), as part of an attempt to induce "tolerance" and prevent the spontaneous development of T1DM.
Thus, in both the EAE model [ 14 ] and the NOD T1DM model (this study, and that of Liu et al ., [ 15 ] ) some form of artificial "immunization" with a self peptide preparation appears to be required for the development of anaphylactic reactivity to "self".
Whatever the underlying reason(s) for the development of anaphylactic reactivity to these self peptide preparations, in both the EAE and the NOD T1DM models, anaphylactic reactions occurred in mice that had developed strong IgG1 responses to the relevant self peptides, with only modest changes in total IgE levels.
Taken together, these findings suggest that IgG1 antibodies contribute importantly to the development of anaphylaxis in both of these models.
Although HIV infection elicits neutralizing antibodies and a cellular immune response against the virus [reviewed in [ 1 ] & [ 2 ] ] and there exist "exposed uninfected" (EU) individuals that appear to have acquired resistance to infection by HIV [ 3 4 ] , the hallmark of HIV infection is the almost universal inability of humans to mount an immune response that can prevent the eventual development of AIDS.
Critical epitopes may be masked by glycosyl groups and/or tertiary structure [ 13 14 15 ] and [ 16 ] The extensive genetic variability of HIV complicates immunogen choice and the high rate of mutation increases the likelihood of the rapid development of resistance.
These cross reacting antibodies actually promote viral uptake by macrophages [ 21 22 ] . The main challenge in using live dengue in humans is thus avoiding the development of antibody dependent enhancement(ADE) of infection by antibodies against the pre-M and E proteins of one dengue strain which weakly cross react with the pre-M and E of a second infecting dengue strain.
[ 29 ] . Similarly, mice immunized with recombinant vaccinia virus expressing authentic NS1 [ 30 ] were protected against the development of dengue-4 virus encephalitis when challenged by intracerebral injection.
Although our successful development of a plasmid which can express a dengue replicon from transfected DNA facilitates delivery by DNA vaccination [ 12 ] , the development of packaging cell lines which can package these replicons into virions would be a major step forward towards a vaccine which could be conveniently administered in typical clinical situations.
Although our successful development of a plasmid which can express a dengue replicon from transfected DNA facilitates delivery by DNA vaccination [ 12 ] , the development of packaging cell lines which can package these replicons into virions would be a major step forward towards a vaccine which could be conveniently administered in typical clinical situations.
Based on these findings, and the presence of a Cet1 homolog in the Apergillus fumigatus proteome, we conclude that RNA triphosphatase is a valid target for antifungal drug development.
The technique of mRNA differential display has been used to detect differences in gene expression between different types of cells [ 18, 19], during cell transformation [ 20, 21], and in various stages of disease development [ 22].
Development of P. cariniiinfections in rats and preparation of P. cariniiinoculum
After development of P. carinii infection (approximately six weeks after inoculation), rats were sacrificed, and lungs were removed and homogenized in minimal essential medium (MEM) (Life Technologies, Inc., Grand Island, New York) containing 10% fetal calf serum and 1% non-essential amino acids.
Alkaline phosphatase-conjugated secondary antibody (goat anti-rabbit immunoglobulin G; Pierce) was used to visualize proteins by development with nitroblue tetrazolium and 5-bromo-4-chloro-3-indolylphosphate (NBT-BCIP; Fisher Scientific, Fair Lawn, NJ).
Macrophages were infected with M. paratuberculosis at a 5:1 ratio and fixed in glutaraldehyde at various time points to examine the development of mycobacteria in this environment (Fig.
observed that patients with AIDS or AIDS-related disorders have a defect in the regulation of EBV infected B-cells and these patients have high circulating numbers of these infected cells [ 21 ] . Post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) results from the uncontrolled lymphoproliferation of EBV infected B-cells in transplant patients [ 22 23 ] . There are many known factors for the development of PTLD, among which is the presence of an active CMV infection [ 13 19 22 23 24 ] .
Such studies would be interesting since CMV infection has been suggested as a risk factor for the development of PTLD [ 22 24 ] . Investigators have showed that a large percentage of transplant patients who had developed PTLD also had CMV disease [ 22 30 ] . In addition to CMV being implicated as a factor for the development of PTLD, serological studies have shown that patients with an active CMV infection experienced a serological profile of EBV reactivation [ 22 31 32 ] . Cross reactivities between the two viruses were ruled out as a cause for the observed immunoreactivations.
Such studies would be interesting since CMV infection has been suggested as a risk factor for the development of PTLD [ 22 24 ] . Investigators have showed that a large percentage of transplant patients who had developed PTLD also had CMV disease [ 22 30 ] . In addition to CMV being implicated as a factor for the development of PTLD, serological studies have shown that patients with an active CMV infection experienced a serological profile of EBV reactivation [ 22 31 32 ] . Cross reactivities between the two viruses were ruled out as a cause for the observed immunoreactivations.
Our experiments showed this to be a promising approach, though instrument development and miniaturization for this purpose will be challenging [ 14 ] .
However, following the development of antibiotics in the 1940s, the use of phages to treat and prevent infections disappeared from so-called Western Medicine, but it did survive in the former Soviet Union.
This question is not necessarily answerable at present, but the results do highlight the fact that development of specific protocols and phages for treatment in any one experimental model may be inadequate for treatment of the same bacterium under field conditions.
4) The results of this investigation, like those of Smith and Huggins and others, support the potential of phage for treating bacterial infections and the development of experimental infection models to evaluate and optimize the efficacy of antibiotic as well as phage treatment protocols.
Genomic analyses have recently revealed a large gene family of 21 polymorphic outer membrane proteins (Pmps) with predicted outer membrane localization in C. pneumoniae [ 7 10 11 ] . The function of this gene family in chlamydial growth and development remains unknown.
This work is important in understanding mechanisms of pathogenesis, characterizing the human immune response to infection and guiding vaccine development.
The genetic relatedness of M. paratuberculosis with other mycobacterial subspecies has been the root cause of the lack of development of M. paratuberculosis -specific diagnostic tests.
Development of the PCR assay
In anticipation of future multiplex development and high-throughput processing, each of the unique upstream amplification primers was tagged with one of three fluorescent compounds.
We anticipate that the testing of a larger number of isolates from various geographic areas will ultimately lead to the development of an international Brucella fingerprint database that can be searched for epidemiological use.
Consequently, there is an urgent need for the development of novel therapies for the treatment of osteomyelitis.
Blots were first incubated overnight with gentle shaking at 4°C with rabbit anti-human TRAIL polyclonal antibodies (Cell Sciences, Inc., Norwood, MA) at a concentration of 0.2 μg/ml in Buffer A. Membranes were then washed the following day 3 times for 5 min in Buffer B with gentle shaking, then incubated for 1 h with gentle shaking at room temperature with horseradish peroxidase (HRP)-conjugated anti-rabbit immunoglobulin G (Amersham Biosciences Corp., Piscataway, NJ) diluted 1:5000 in Buffer A. Reactive proteins were visualized by enhanced chemiluminescence (Amersham, Arlington Heights, IL) following exposure to X-ray film and subsequent film development.
Peptides that bind specific proteins of therapeutic interest in the yeast two-hybrid system have a variety of applications in drug development.
The tumor suppressor gene PTEN (also called MMAC1) has been found deleted or mutated in a great variety of human tumors and tumor cell lines [ 1 2 3 ] , and its tumor suppressing function has been confirmed in several in vitro studies [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] . Mice which are homozygously deficient in wild-type PTEN die during embryonic development and harbor regions of increased cellular proliferation, whereas heterozygous mice are viable but spontaneously develop tumors of various origins [ 11 12 ] .
For this purpose, two probes were used; one was β-actin, the other was choA, which is clone A of a group of highly expressed mRNAs from Chinese hamster ovary (cho) cells [ 40 ] . The quantitation of the hybridized blots was performed using the AMBIS Radioanalytic Imaging System (Analytical Development Corporation, Colorado Springs, CO).
The development of a core functional intron would be interesting not only from an evolutionary perspective, but would also facilitate manipulation in the laboratory.
Together, RA and WS did many experiments which, although invisible here, are essential to the development of this project.
The human FHIT gene, located at the chromosome 3 fragile site FRA3B, is inactivated early in the development of many tumors [ 1 ] . Murine Fhit is also located at a fragile site [ 2 3 ] and mice heterozygous for disruption of Fhit , given low intragastric doses of the mutagen N-nitrosomethylbenzylamine, develop stomach and sebaceous tumors [ 4 ] that can be prevented by viral Fhit expression [ 5 ] . Fhit, a dimer of 147 amino acid subunits, is a member of the histidine triad (HIT) superfamily of nucleotide hydrolases and transferases [ 6 7 ] . Members of the Hint branch of the HIT superfamily are found in all forms of life [ 8 ] . The S. cerevisiae Hint homolog, Hnt1, and rabbit Hint possess adenosine monophosphoramidase activity that functions in yeast to positively regulate function of Kin28, Ccl1 and Tfb3, which constitute the kinase component of general transcription factor TFIIH [ 9 ] . A new Hint related protein, Aprataxin, is mutated in individuals with ataxia with oculomotor apraxia [ 10 11 ] and has a yeast homolog termed Hnt3 [ 9 ] . Members of the Fhit branch of the HIT superfamily have been found in fungi [ 12 13 ] , animals [ 2 14 15 ] and plants [ 7 ] and hydrolyze diadenosine tetraphosphate, diadenosine triphosphate and other 5'-5"'-dinucleoside polyphosphates.
Bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) are secreted signaling molecules of the TGF-β superfamily that have been implicated in the control of a host of critical developmental phenomena in the central and peripheral nervous systems [ 1 2 3 ] . BMP-5, one of the more prominently expressed BMPs in the nervous system, has been detected in multiple regions of the nervous system throughout development and into adulthood [ 3 4 5 6 ] , yet its biological activities in the nervous system are not well defined.
A role for BMP-5 in dorsal forebrain patterning has been proposed based on its expression in the dorsal midline of the developing forebrain and observations that ectopic expression of BMP-5 in the developing neural tube of chicks markedly downregulates ventral markers while maintaining dorsal markers [ 5 7 ] . Further support for BMP-5 regulation of early forebrain development has been provided by studies of Bmp5/Bmp7 double mutants [ 6 ] . However, reports that BMP-5 in the mouse brain exhibits peak expression levels in the adult striatum and brainstem and that maximal expression in the hippocampus and cerebellum occurs at E18 through PN1 and again in the mature nervous system [ 3 ] , suggest additional roles for BMP-5 during later stages of neural development and into adulthood.
A role for BMP-5 in dorsal forebrain patterning has been proposed based on its expression in the dorsal midline of the developing forebrain and observations that ectopic expression of BMP-5 in the developing neural tube of chicks markedly downregulates ventral markers while maintaining dorsal markers [ 5 7 ] . Further support for BMP-5 regulation of early forebrain development has been provided by studies of Bmp5/Bmp7 double mutants [ 6 ] . However, reports that BMP-5 in the mouse brain exhibits peak expression levels in the adult striatum and brainstem and that maximal expression in the hippocampus and cerebellum occurs at E18 through PN1 and again in the mature nervous system [ 3 ] , suggest additional roles for BMP-5 during later stages of neural development and into adulthood.
BMP-5 is widely expressed in the nervous system throughout development and into adulthood [ 3 4 5 6 ] , yet the only function described for this growth factor thus far is dorsal patterning of the developing forebrain [ 5 6 7 ] . Our data suggest that BMP-5 may also regulate later stages of neural development, specifically dendritic morphogenesis.
BMP-5 is widely expressed in the nervous system throughout development and into adulthood [ 3 4 5 6 ] , yet the only function described for this growth factor thus far is dorsal patterning of the developing forebrain [ 5 6 7 ] . Our data suggest that BMP-5 may also regulate later stages of neural development, specifically dendritic morphogenesis.
BMP-6 and BMP-7 as well as dpp subgroup members, BMP-2 and BMP-4, have been shown to influence other aspects of sympathetic neuron development, such as differentiation of adrenergic sympathetic neurons from neural crest [ 13 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 ] and neuropeptide phenotype [ 39 ] . It will be of interest to determine if BMP-5 also exhibits functional redundancy with respect to these effects.
Earlier studies have demonstrated the expression of BMP-4 transcripts in developing avian sympathetic ganglia [ 49 ] , suggesting the presence of multiple BMPs in sympathetic ganglia throughout development.
These observations together with reports that BMP-5 is expressed at significant levels in the adult nervous system [ 3 ] suggest a potential role for BMP-5 in modulating dendritic morphology not only during development, but also in adult nervous systems.
These observations, together with previously published reports from other laboratories indicating significant levels of BMP-5 expression in the developing and adult nervous system [ 3 ] suggest a potential role for BMP-5 in modulating dendritic morphology not only during development, but also in adult nervous systems.
In order to foster genetic studies there has been increased emphasis on the development of appropriate phenotypes to describe cognitive functions such as attention (see, for example, [ 1 ] ). In general these efforts have used tasks that do not distinguish between different functions of attention.
The advantage of using an endophenotypic measure can be extended when information about the neuroanatomy physiology and development underlying performance on the task is available.
Studies of human development have shown that the executive attention network is related to effortful control as measured from caregiver reports of their child's behavior [ 47 ] . Effortful control has also been shown to be heritable in twin studies [ 27 ] using larger numbers of subjects and has been linked by behavioral studies to the ability to delay gratification, development of conscience and other aspects of self regulation [ 48 ] .
Studies of human development have shown that the executive attention network is related to effortful control as measured from caregiver reports of their child's behavior [ 47 ] . Effortful control has also been shown to be heritable in twin studies [ 27 ] using larger numbers of subjects and has been linked by behavioral studies to the ability to delay gratification, development of conscience and other aspects of self regulation [ 48 ] .
The Seven in Absentia (SinA) protein was discovered in Drosophila as a mediator of photoreceptor development [ 29 ] . Subsequently, SinA was shown to participate in the ubiquitin/proteasome pathway [ 30 31 ] . The presence of a RING finger domain in the N-terminus of the mammalian homologue of SinA, "Siah", suggests it may be involved in targeting specific proteins for degradation in the proteasome as a ubiquitin ligase [ 32 ] . Two mammalian genes encoding Siah, Siah1 and 2, are known.
Although intense efforts are being directed toward the development of safe and effective viral vectors that permit the introduction of foreign genes into mammalian cells, chemical transfection continues to attract interest, not only because chemicals are less difficult to use from a technical standpoint, but also because this form of gene transfer may prove less toxic and immunogenic from a therapeutic perspective [ 1].
Estrogen deficiency has been implicated as a risk factor in the development of several neurodegenerative diseases [ 16, 17, 18] and estrogen replacement may result in improvement of cognitive function [ 19].
Finally, recent experiments on the molecular control of telencephalic development have highlighted a number of genes that influence neuron proliferation and differentiation of the striatum and other neighboring forebrain structures [ 18] [ 26 27 28 29 30 ] .
Interval mapping places the QTL for Bsc10a in the central portion of Chr 10 in proximity with a number of genes known to affect brain development.
This molecule is important in cerebral development.
The MARCKS-related protein gene is expressed in the striatum during early brain development in the rat [ 48].
The location of the QTL modulating striatal neuron number to the distal part of chromosome 19 places it in proximity to a number of genes that have been recently been shown to be important factors in telencephalic development, particularly Vax1 . Vax1 is a homeobox-containing gene and is a close relative of the Emx and Not genes.
Vax1 is localized during development to the anterior ventral forebrain, and is expressed in the striatum during embryogenesis [ 28].
In addition, Vax1 interacts with several molecules including sonic hedgehog, Pax2 , Pax6 , and Rx that are known to be important during development of the basal forebrain [ 27, 50].
NMDA receptors containing NR2B subunits are present in the neonatal forebrain, and over the course of development, they are replaced or supplemented with NR2A-containing receptors [ 13, 20].
These data indicate that rod photoreceptor-mediated visual input may have a negative effect on GluR1 expression in normal retina during the course of development.
A major advance in spectral analysis was the development of Maximum Entropy Spectral Analysis, or MESA by Burg [ 48 49 50 51 ] . The reader is referred to [ 39 ] for a full treatment of the topic.
A random distribution would imply that aggregate dynamics (initiation, development, and dispersal) are independent of that for neighboring aggregates.
Aggregates distributed further apart than random would imply a local competition for the molecules required for aggregate formation or development or alternatively, regionally increased levels of components which cause aggregate dispersal.
Conversely, a distribution of aggregates closer together than random could result from a local reduction in the rate of dispersal, or a regionally enhanced rate of initiation or development of new aggregates.
Jin Fan, James Swanson, Donald Pfaff and Michael Posner were responsible for the development and implementation of the ANT.
Following our previous development of a collection of analytical tools for the study of molecular and behavioral cycles [ 27 ] , we now provide intensively performed examples of the analysis of molecular rhythms in isolated tissues from Drosophila.
The development of analytical strategies for analyzing biological time-series will continue to be important as new real-time methods (potentially including images of tissues) provide greater access to molecular and physiological cycles.
The neurotrophins play crucial functions in the interaction of muscles with their innervating neurons during development and in the adult vertebrate organism.
Three neurotrophins, BDNF, NT-3, and NT-4/5 are known to contribute to the development, maintenance, and functioning of the neuromuscular system.
Each of these three neurotrophins is expressed differentially in muscle during development, in the adult and in response to injury.
NT-3 is the most abundantly expressed of the three neurotrophins during embryonic muscle development, followed by NT-4/5 and BDNF [ 1 2 ] . After birth, NT-3 and NT-4/5 are down-regulated in muscle whereas BDNF continues to be expressed at low levels [ 1 ] . BDNF mRNA is expressed in myocytes in the adult muscle [ 3 ] . Essentially nothing is known about BDNF gene expression in fish muscle.
The molecular mechanisms that induce BDNF gene expression in muscle during development, maintain basal expression in the adult muscle and dynamically regulate BDNF mRNA in muscle in response to neuromuscular activity and injury are not known.
The relative abundance of BDNF transcripts in total RNA dramatically increases in the first 7 days of development and plateaus by 10 days pf [ 4 ] .
Total RNA from whole juvenile fish was also analyzed, as it should contain all exons that are expressed at this stage of development.
We did not assay RNA from these early stages of development.
Exon 1b appears to play a more limited role during development, and possibly in muscle injury and regeneration.
This possibility is consistent with our previous in situ hybridization analyses, which revealed BDNF expression in the peripheral YSL [ 35 ] . Some of the labeled platelets end up in cells of the embryo and persist up to 2 days of development.
Collective results have critical implications for the profound re-organizational effects of relatively small focal injuries early in development, specifically to affect distributed systems throughout the brain and in particular the cerebral cortex.
Study 2 assessed the effects of P1 induced microgyria in male rats across three stages of development.
Brn3c is a POU domain factor that is crucial for inner ear hair cell development.
The initial development and partial differentiation of hair cells in Brn3c mutants could possibly lead to some neurotrophin expression in these cells to sustain sensory neurons through embryonic development and beyond.
The initial development and partial differentiation of hair cells in Brn3c mutants could possibly lead to some neurotrophin expression in these cells to sustain sensory neurons through embryonic development and beyond.
The comparatively high level of NT-3 expression in Brn3c null mutant cochlea, which has been shown to be the neurotrophin most prominently supporting spiral sensory neurons [ 6 9 14 ] , is in agreement with the normal development of cochlear innervation in newborn Brn3c null mutants.
Development of PPAR agonists that retain the antiatherogenic activity but dismiss the proatherogenic activities will be of great value [ 26 ] .
This group of compounds may be useful in future development of pharmacological agents against cholesterol oxide induced cytotoxicity.
This may be the case as GABA can increase intracellular proton levels by intensifying bicarbonate ion conductance through a GABA-gated channel [ 15 ] which may act as a "developmental handshake" and regulate neuronal differentiation [ 16 ] . The chloride channel, an integral part of the GABA a receptor, has been implicated in embryonic development [ 17 ] . GABA receptors are first seen at the time the neural tube formation [ 18 ] . Binding sites to GABA agonists and antagonists and the expression of GABA receptor mRNAs are seen starting at 4 days of development and peak at 10-15 days, corresponding to the time of neural tube formation [ 19 ] . Many neurotransmitters, including GABA, are growth factor candidates for the CNS [ 20 21 22 ] .
This may be the case as GABA can increase intracellular proton levels by intensifying bicarbonate ion conductance through a GABA-gated channel [ 15 ] which may act as a "developmental handshake" and regulate neuronal differentiation [ 16 ] . The chloride channel, an integral part of the GABA a receptor, has been implicated in embryonic development [ 17 ] . GABA receptors are first seen at the time the neural tube formation [ 18 ] . Binding sites to GABA agonists and antagonists and the expression of GABA receptor mRNAs are seen starting at 4 days of development and peak at 10-15 days, corresponding to the time of neural tube formation [ 19 ] . Many neurotransmitters, including GABA, are growth factor candidates for the CNS [ 20 21 22 ] .
Work in this laboratory has shown lags in neuromuscular development associated with excessive zinc exposure during neural tube formation and, possibly, accompanying narrowing of the vertebral arches [ 26 ] . Another curious finding of this study is that widening of the vertebral arch occurs with either the GABAa agonist muscimol or the antagonist bicuculline.
GABA is a well-documented neurotrophic agent involved in brain development [ 27 28 29 30 ] . Most of the work done on the effects of GABA and neural development has been done on embryos and embryonic tissue well past the neural tube stage [ 27 31 32 ] . However, there is evidence of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) and GABA receptor expression about the time of neural tube formation [ 27 ] . Given that GABA is important to neural development, and the early developmental time frame of the GABA system, it is logical that agents active at the GABA receptor (ethanol, BDZs) can have adverse consequences on CNS development.
GABA is a well-documented neurotrophic agent involved in brain development [ 27 28 29 30 ] . Most of the work done on the effects of GABA and neural development has been done on embryos and embryonic tissue well past the neural tube stage [ 27 31 32 ] . However, there is evidence of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) and GABA receptor expression about the time of neural tube formation [ 27 ] . Given that GABA is important to neural development, and the early developmental time frame of the GABA system, it is logical that agents active at the GABA receptor (ethanol, BDZs) can have adverse consequences on CNS development.
GABA is a well-documented neurotrophic agent involved in brain development [ 27 28 29 30 ] . Most of the work done on the effects of GABA and neural development has been done on embryos and embryonic tissue well past the neural tube stage [ 27 31 32 ] . However, there is evidence of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) and GABA receptor expression about the time of neural tube formation [ 27 ] . Given that GABA is important to neural development, and the early developmental time frame of the GABA system, it is logical that agents active at the GABA receptor (ethanol, BDZs) can have adverse consequences on CNS development.
GABA is a well-documented neurotrophic agent involved in brain development [ 27 28 29 30 ] . Most of the work done on the effects of GABA and neural development has been done on embryos and embryonic tissue well past the neural tube stage [ 27 31 32 ] . However, there is evidence of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) and GABA receptor expression about the time of neural tube formation [ 27 ] . Given that GABA is important to neural development, and the early developmental time frame of the GABA system, it is logical that agents active at the GABA receptor (ethanol, BDZs) can have adverse consequences on CNS development.
GABAb receptor effects have been little studied and the role of the GABAb receptor in neural development is little known and should be more thoroughly investigated.
An understanding of the potential neurotoxic and/or neuroprotective effects of domoic acid in neonatal rats will ultimately lead to a better understanding of domoic acid's effect in neonatal human development.
This concept is supported by the established fact that glutamate receptors are highly conserved between mammals [ 26 ] . Ultimately studies contributing to the characterization of the early biochemical as well as cellular events subsequent to an intoxication with the marine toxin domoic acid will yield new insights for the rationale development of novel therapeutic interventions for the prevention and treatment of amnesic shellfish poisoning.
Deficiency of the EP2 receptor is associated with a defect in counteracting vasopressor effect of PGE2 [ 7 ] and the development of salt sensitive hypertension [ 8 ] , suggesting a predominant normal vasodepressor role of EP2 receptor in blood pressure regulation.
The acid form, retinoic acid, is a pleiotropic hormone which regulates gene expression in embryonic development, epithelial cell differentiation, hematopoeisis, and tumor cell formation.
The development of inhibitors which can target individual ALDH enzymes provides one approach for addressing the role of a specific ALDH enzyme in the oxidation of retinal to retinoic acid in a given cell type.
Membrane suspensions were filtered through Whatman GF/B glass fiber filters with a 48-sample Brandel cell harvester (Biomedical Research and Development, Gaithersburg, MD).
However, at analgesic doses, opioid receptor agonists or partial agonists can induce unwanted side effects such as ventilatory depression [ 1 2 ] and the development of physical tolerance and dependence [ 3 4 ] . Thus, the search for opioid ligands which possess analgesic effect and lack untoward effects has been a sought after goal of the medical community.
The resulting dramatic enhancement in the efficiency of light capture for photosynthesis apparently provided a strong evolutionary pressure for development of the ability of photosynthetic organisms to synthesize Chl b or Chl c [ 44 ] .
For example, L91 is a 'single T-DNA' locus that causes homozygosity-dependent cosuppression of its GFP-COP1 transgene and of the endogenous COP1 gene at the rosette stage of development (type L=late silencing), which in turn results in a characteristic dwarfing and other aspects of a cop1 -like phenotype [ 28 ] . In contrast, E82 (type E=early) is an oligomeric T-DNA locus that causes homozygosity-dependent COP1 endogene silencing at the seedling stage, in particular deetiolation in dark-grown seedlings.
In plant cells V-ATPases are responsible for the deacidification of the cytosol and the energization of secondary transport processes across the tonoplast, as well as in the endocytotic and secretory pathways [ 12 ] . In addition, the vacuolar type ATPase is thought to be primarily responsible for the acidification and expansion of the large central vacuole [ 12 13 14 15 ] . In plants a critical event in growth and development is the maturation and expansion of the central vacuole.
What is lacking in our knowledge of vacuolar type ATPases is a sense of what purpose these multigene family proteins may serve in the cellular milieu and how they participate in the growth, development, and metabolism of higher plants.
Seedlings are undergoing dramatic and rapid vacuole biogenesis to allow for rapid growth at this stage of development and therefore would be expected to require a higher level of subunit A expression than other more terminally differentiated organs.
Additional sugar-response mutants have been identified by taking advantage of the fact that high concentrations of exogenous sugars (glucose or sucrose) inhibit early seedling development of wild-type Arabidopsis.
For reasons that remain unclear, mannose inhibits seed germination and early seedling development at concentrations that are 100-200 fold lower than the concentrations of glucose required to exert similar effects [ 19 46 47 48 50 ] . As shown in Figure 2, growth on low (1.
27 to 0.33 M) concentrations of glucose or sucrose has been shown to severely inhibit development of Arabidopsis seedlings [ 33 46 47 48 49 50 55 ] . Most seedlings grown on high-sugar media lack true leaves and have cotyledons that have undergone little expansion, even after two to three weeks of growth.
27 to 0.33 M) of exogenous sugars on seedling development within 2 to 3 days of the start of imbibition [ 47 ] . Therefore, it was of interest to determine whether seedlings become resistant to the inhibitory effects of high sugar concentrations on seed storage lipid mobilization within the same time frame.
As shown in Figure 5, seedlings sown directly on 0.27 M glucose exhibit little shoot development after 10 days of growth.
Several groups of Arabidopsis mutants that are resistant to the inhibitory effects of high concentrations of exogenous glucose or sucrose on early seedling development have been isolated [ 46 47 48 49 50 ] . A representative sugar-insensitive ( sis ) mutant, the sis5-1/abi4-101 mutant, was analyzed to determine whether mutants of this type can also exhibit altered responses to the effects of exogenous glucose on lipid metabolism.
This result indicates that mutations that alleviate the negative effects of exogenous sugars on early seedling development can also reduce glucose-mediated inhibition of seed storage lipid breakdown.
Interestingly, wild-type Arabidopsis seedlings were shown previously to become insensitive to sugar-mediated inhibition of early seedling development within 2 to 3 days of the start of imbibition [ 47 ] . In addition, seedlings of Brassica napus , a close relative of Arabidopsis, undergo a dramatic metabolic shift during the same time period [ 67 ] . Approximately 2 days after the start of imbibition, B. napus seedlings shift from being dependent on lipid breakdown to being dependent on photosynthesis for sugar formation.
The similar timing with which these events occur suggests that completion of the metabolic transition from lipid breakdown to photosynthesis as the primary source of sugars results in loss of sensitivity to the negative effects of sugars on lipid breakdown and early seedling development.
However, exogenous sugars can completely compensate for mutations that disrupt the glyoxylate cycle [ 58 ] . This finding suggests that the negative effects of high concentrations of exogenous sugars on early seedling development and seed storage lipid breakdown are not the result of sugar-mediated inhibition of the glyoxylate cycle.
Further experiments will be required to clarify the relationship between inhibition of early seedling development and seed storage lipid breakdown by exogenous sugars.
Enriching the AFLP or specific adaptor-amplified DNA fragments is a simple and efficient approach for SSR isolation and has been successfully applied to a number of plant genomes [ 12 28 29 30 31 32 ] . By employing the modified procedures from other plant species, corresponding isolating protocols were established in peanut for development of microsatellites through this study.
The rate of redundancy was high in peanut, while it was very low in cotton [ 31 ] . It decreased the efficacy of development of microsatellites in peanut.
Vascular wall remodeling in response to hemodynamic alterations has been known closely related to lesion development in the arterial wall [ 21 22 23 ] . Arterial wall shear stress is proven to be a critical factor in regulation of vessel diameter.
It is known that TGF-β3 plays a role in cardiac morphogenesis, mammary gland development and wound healing and that TGF-β3 is involved in fine-tuned interactions between epithelial and mesenchymal cells and their products [ 34 ] . The exact role of TGF-β3 in vascular remodeling response remains unclear.
In this meta-analysis, we estimated incidence rates based on duration of drug exposure and compared these to expected incidence rates in order to obtain unbiased estimates of relative risk for the development of AR and MR.
0%) seen in the CARDIA study [ 27 ] and considered the time course of new valve disease development to commence at age 35 (the ending age of the CARDIA study), the unexposed incidence would have been approximately half the rate we used and the relative risks doubled.
These findings lend strong support to the view that fenfluramine and dexfenfluramine are potent causal factors in the development of both aortic and mitral valvular heart disease.
Each Tanner stage is associated with important changes in genital development and sexual hormone profiles, which could have an impact on adipose tissue distribution and glucose and lipid profiles.
Genital development was evaluated with the criteria of Tanner [ 35 ] , and was performed with a questionnaire and physical exam by an experienced physician, in which stage 1 is prepubertal, stage 2 is initial development of the genitalia, stages 3 and 4 are intermediate, and stage 5 is mature.
Genital development was evaluated with the criteria of Tanner [ 35 ] , and was performed with a questionnaire and physical exam by an experienced physician, in which stage 1 is prepubertal, stage 2 is initial development of the genitalia, stages 3 and 4 are intermediate, and stage 5 is mature.
Stage of sexual maturation in the girls was determined on the basis of a combination of menarcheal status and breast and pubic hair development [ 36 ] . The stages of sexual maturation were performed with a questionnaire and physical exam done by an experienced physician as follow: premenarcheal with no secondary sexual development (stage 1).
Stage of sexual maturation in the girls was determined on the basis of a combination of menarcheal status and breast and pubic hair development [ 36 ] . The stages of sexual maturation were performed with a questionnaire and physical exam done by an experienced physician as follow: premenarcheal with no secondary sexual development (stage 1).
Premenarcheal with some secondary sexual development (stage 2); premenarcheal at the time of study but attained menarche within 6 months (stage 3); postmenarcheal with secondary sexual development not yet mature (stage 4); and postmenarcheal with secondary sexual development (stage 5).
Premenarcheal with some secondary sexual development (stage 2); premenarcheal at the time of study but attained menarche within 6 months (stage 3); postmenarcheal with secondary sexual development not yet mature (stage 4); and postmenarcheal with secondary sexual development (stage 5).
Premenarcheal with some secondary sexual development (stage 2); premenarcheal at the time of study but attained menarche within 6 months (stage 3); postmenarcheal with secondary sexual development not yet mature (stage 4); and postmenarcheal with secondary sexual development (stage 5).
Data from the subjects were presented by specific age group, which we think may approximate the criteria of Tanner [ 35 ] for genital development.
These observations underscore the need for research efforts directed at the development of effective interventions for obese adolescents.
A final clinical feature of SSZ toxicity in our patient was the development of seizures.
Endothelial cell adhesion molecules ('ECAMs') play essential roles in the development of chronic inflammation by recruiting leukocytes, especially lymphocytes to tissues.
Among the adhesion molecules up-regulated in IBD, MAdCAM-1, the mucosal cell adhesion molecule, is thought to be preeminent in the development of chronic gut inflammation.
Several studies have indicated that T helper (Th1) immune response has important roles in the development of IBD [ 48 49 50 ] . Moreover, dysregulation of cytokine networks is involved in Th1-dominant immune responses in IBD [ 48 49 50 ] . Among the Th1 cytokines, TNF-α is thought to be perhaps the most important cytokine responsible for driving the onset and evolution of IBD.
Such partnerships also allow for the development of a consistent, positive message about nursing home issues to all outside parties.
This led to the development of detailed forms (or "checklists") that nursing home staff and QIO staff could use to assess whether or not recommended care processes for the clinical topic of focus were in place at the nursing home.
Improvements in the management of patients with thalassemia major in the past four decades have resulted in "one of the most dramatic alterations in morbidity and mortality associated with a genetic disease" [ 2 ] . Regular red blood cell transfusions extend survival, eliminate complications of anemia, inhibit bone marrow hyperactivity, and support normal growth and development in patients with thalassemia major [ 3 ] . Unfortunately, regular transfusions also lead to the accumulation of tissue iron, loading the body's organs to the point of dysfunction and finally death in the second or third decade of life if left untreated [ 4 ] .
The cost effectiveness advantage of rapid test in the long term is the reduction of mistreatment in terms of drugs, costs, toxicity and development of resistance [ 34 ] . An important advantage of the availability of the rapid test that it does not depend on just one person but can be performed by all staff members of the health clinic.
Bacterial infections are responsible for the immediate cause of death of up to 30% of patients with HIV infection [ 7 ] . The purpose of this study was to describe the bacterial pathogens causing blood stream infection, identify the risk factors for the development of blood stream infection, and determine the impact of blood stream infection on the outcome of hospitalized patients with HIV.
This study describes the incidence of bacterial blood stream infection as well as its causative pathogens, risk factors for its development, and its impact on outcome in hospitalized patients with HIV.
Neutropenia is reported to be a risk factor for the development of bacterial infection in patients with HIV infection [ 4 5 6 14 16 ] . However, in our study, neither the prevalence of leukopenia nor the total white blood cell count was lower in patients with blood stream bacterial infection compared with patients without blood stream bacterial infection.
[ 14 ] , higher severity of illness, measured by APACHE II score, was associated in the present study with the development of bacterial blood stream infection.
The present study showed that the presentation with or the development of blood stream infection in hospitalized patients with HIV leads to poor outcome, as evidenced by increased mortality, length of hospital stay, and intensive care unit admission rate.
Negatively charged sulfated polymers were reported to have anti-HIV-1 activity and are being considered for development as topical microbicides.
Although there have been major developments in its diagnosis and treatment, the mortality rate of septic shock has progressively increased over the past few decades.
Bernard et al . [ 10 ] reported that, in patients with sepsis, treatment with ibuprofen reduced levels of prostacylin and thromboxane and decreased fever, tachycardia, oxygen consumption, and lactic acidosis, but did not prevent the development of shock or acute respiratory distress syndrome, and did not improve survival.
Author 2 NS carried out most experiments and contributed to the development of experimental techniques.
RSV infection in infancy cause severe bronchiolitis and pneumonia and may predispose children to the subsequent development of asthma, the most common chronic illness of childhood [ 1 ] . Many studies have indicated that chemokines can play an important role in the onset and severity of asthma and it has been shown that RSV infection of lung epithelial cells increases chemokine production, although the mechanisms involved are largely unknown [ 2 3 4 5 ] .
Such studies were expected to elucidate further the mechanisms involved in the antiviral/virucidal activity of CAP and to contribute to the potential development of microbicides combining two or more anti-HIV-1 compounds with distinct target sites.
Author 2 NS carried out most experiments and contributed to the development of experimental techniques.
[ 5 ] The need for determining hospitalization criteria led to the development of the Pneumonia Severity Index (PSI) by the Pneumonia Outcomes Research Team.
Bioelectronic detection of nucleic acids on a miniature solid support is one of the first steps toward development of such an integrated detection device.
The bioelectronic detection platform described here includes disposable DNA chips and laboratory-based electronic readers and is a first-generation system that ultimately will facilitate the development of relatively low cost, arrayed nucleic acid-based tests.
To illustrate the development and use of the I-TRAP approach, we describe here the construction of the vectors, host strains, and library necessary to identify σ E-regulated genes of M. tuberculosis .
Recently, the apolipoprotein E ( APOE ) gene has been suggested to be a risk factor for the development of micro- and macrovascular complications in diabetic patients.
Thus, APOE is an important candidate gene for the development of microvascular complications in Type I diabetes patients.
The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of APOE gene polymorphism in the development of diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy in Type I diabetes patients.
[ 9] suggested that lipid abnormalities may contribute to the development and progression of kidney disease, including diabetic nephropathy.
The influence of the APOE gene polymorphism to the development of diabetic microangiopathy is uncertain.
The present study found no evidence for a role of the APOE gene polymorphism in genetic susceptibility for the development of diabetic retinopathy in Type I diabetes patients.
Named after Andreas Rett who first recognized the disorder in 1966 [ 2 ] , the syndrome is characterized by a constellation of clinical findings that have resulted in the establishment of clinical criteria for the diagnosis [ 3 ] . Common clinical features include early normal development until approximately 6-18 months of age followed by a period of developmental stagnation and subsequent regression, usually by 3 years of life.
Simple tests for genetic risk factors would permit the identification of individuals at high risk for development and rupture of aneurysms, consequently allowing diagnostic effort to be concentrated on a smaller group that is at higher risk.
Although etiologically diverse, inheritance is a significant contributor to the development of DCM.
Conduction disease preceded the development of dilated cardiomyopathy in the proband's family [ 1 10 ] . This indicates the necessity for careful documentation of a three-generation pedigree in the evaluation of patients with conduction system disease paying particular attention to sudden death, arrhythmia and bradycardia.
In the case of sickle cell disease, only a few genetic factors are known to influence the stroke risk [ 7 ] . For example, α-thalassemia is the only well characterized protective genetic factor [ 7 ] . Thus, genetic factors that lead to the development of cerebrovascular disease and stroke in children with Hb SS are not well understood.
While some of the risk factors leading to the development of cerebral vasculopathy and stroke in sickle cell disease (low hematocrit, elevated white blood cell count, normal complement of α-globin genes) have been identified in previous studies (CSSCD, MCG cohort, and STOP), many remain unknown.
It is likely that the co-inheritance of one or more of these mutations in sickle cell disease would tip the balance toward a hypercoagulable state and act as an additional risk factor for the development of cerebrovascular disease.
These candidate genes will make it possible to study not only polymorphisms associated with a hypercoagulable state, but also to study the genes involved in pathways that may lead to the development of vasculopathy (genes involved in endothelial cell function, inflammation, and adhesion, platelet activation and responsiveness).
Therefore, a large case-control association study of the role of genes in the development of cerebrovascular disease and stroke risk based upon TCD, is likely to provide more accurate information and may resolve the controversial results obtained in smaller studies [ 5 ] . Furthermore, an attempt will be made to perform a subset analysis of patients who go on to have an ischemic stroke during the study period in terms of the associations with genetic polymorphisms.
All 28 polymorphisms in 20 candidate genes that we propose to study have been shown to be associated with a hypercoagulable state or have been shown to be involved in pathways leading to the development of vasculopathy and, therefore, have a high probability to be related to the TCD velocity phenotype.
While other animal models of hypertension can be employed to study the pathogenesis of hypertension, because of the rapid and reproducible development of renal failure, S rats provide a unique means to investigate the pathogenesis of hypertensive nephrosclerosis.
Recent studies have shown that apoptosis was accentuated in kidneys of S rats during development of nephrosclerosis [ 7 ] . These studies demonstrated increased numbers of TUNEL-positive cells, increased cytoplasmic nucleosome content and caspase-3 activation in kidneys of hypertensive S rats, compared to normotensive Sprague-Dawley control rats on the same high-salt diet.
In kidneys of S rats, associated with apoptosis was a temporal increase in expression of Fas, which was demonstrated using Western analysis of lysates of kidney cortex [ 7 ] . The purpose of the present study was to demonstrate the site of expression and potential functional significance of Fas and FasL in the kidneys of S rats during development of hypertensive nephrosclerosis.
These findings were observed by day 21 of study [ 7 ] . The present series of experiments demonstrated the diffuse sites of expression of Fas and FasL in the kidney and explored further the possibility that the Fas/FasL pathway was active during the development of hypertensive renal disease in this rodent model of hypertension.
A previous study suggested that the apoptotic process occurred early in the development of hypertension in this model [ 26 ] , so the data suggested that an apoptotic mechanism in addition to activation of the Fas/FasL pathway is also involved in development of hypertensive nephrosclerosis in S rats.
A previous study suggested that the apoptotic process occurred early in the development of hypertension in this model [ 26 ] , so the data suggested that an apoptotic mechanism in addition to activation of the Fas/FasL pathway is also involved in development of hypertensive nephrosclerosis in S rats.
Variables with p < 0.05 in univariate analysis for a relationship with development of hospitalization for poisonings were entered into multivariate analysis as covariates.
Traditional animal models, such as mice, rats, rabbits or pigs do not develop typical renal disease when given either Stx or E. coli 0157:H7 [ 14 ] . Further, animal models that most closely reflect human HUS are only in the early stages of development [ 14 ] . Hence, the cell culture system remains the most reasonable means to assess an effect of sex steroids on renal cell Stx-1 responsiveness; such systems have clearly been demonstrated to be responsive to sex steroids (e.g.
RV participated in the development & implementation of the guideline described in the study, collected data, and wrote & edited the manuscript.
KA supervised development of the guideline and implementation of the program, participation in literature search and writing and editing the manuscript.
PW supervised development of the guideline and implementation of the program, and participated in the writing and editing of the manuscript.
RM participated in the development and implementation of the guideline, and editing of the manuscript.
AS participated in the development of the guideline and editing of the manuscript.
CY participated in the development and implementation of the guideline, statistical analysis of the data, and writing and editing of the manuscript.
[ 24 ] However, this did not prevent development of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with HIVAN and ESRD.
GP participated in the study design and development of the analysis plan for the study.
[ 12 ] on the G448A polymorphism of the β-fibrinogen gene suggested that mechanisms linking fibrinogen and the development of cerebrovascular disease may be different in men and women.
Steroid hormones play a vital role in the growth of normal mammary gland tissue, as well as, the development and progression of breast tumors.
This necessitated the development of domain specific antibodies.
As mentioned above, IL-6 is a cytokine that functions as a necessary growth factor in several cancer types, most studied in multiple myeloma [ 12 ] . It is an essential factor in the development and maintenance of B cell neoplasms [ 13 ] , and likely plays an important role in many other types of cancer.
An association between autocrine IL-6 and PCA has been known for some time [ 16 17 ] . The change in prostate cell phenotype from paracrine IL-6-stimulated to autocrine IL-6-stimulated is believed to be a contributing factor in the progression from benign hyperplasia to neoplasia [ 17 ] . IL-6 is also implicated in the development of cancer cell resistance to chemotherapy in PCA patients [ 18 19 ] . In other studies, a chimeric protein consisting of an anti-IL-6 Ab fused to Pseudomonas exotoxin was found to inhibit proliferation of prostate carcinoma cell lines [ 20 ] . Exogenous IL-6 activated androgen responsive gene expression in the absence of androgens in human LNCaP cells [ 21 ] . More work is needed to clarify the role of IL-6 in prostate neoplasia.
While there is some evidence suggesting IL-6-mediated neoplasia in PCA development [ 17 22 ] , a system suitable for following the transformation of prostate cells during PCA development remains lacking.
While there is some evidence suggesting IL-6-mediated neoplasia in PCA development [ 17 22 ] , a system suitable for following the transformation of prostate cells during PCA development remains lacking.
While prostatic epithelium is resistant to neoplastic transformation, it is not resistant to the development of hyperplasia.
The importance of STAT3 activation via IL-6 in prostatic cancer development has been suggested by previous investigators.
To address these questions, one promising approach would be the development of specific immunohistochemical markers capable of improving the sensitivity and reliability of methods currently employed to detect precursor lesions in histologic and cytologic specimens [ 9, 10].
Because proliferation is a requirement for lung cancer development, markers specific for cell proliferation are expected to prove useful.
The mice show systemic tolerance to Tag, mounting neither humoral nor cellular immune responses to Tag upon immunization of purified protein [ 25 26 ] . Rip1-Tag2 mice display a reproducible pattern of multistage tumor development, from normal islets to hyperplastic/dysplastic islets, to angiogenic islets, to varying grades of solid tumor, with a well-defined angiogenic progression [ 27 ] . All Rip1-Tag2 mice succumb to hypoglycemia and tumor burden by 13-16 weeks.
The splenocytes were derived from T cell receptor transgenic mice that preferentially enhanced development of CD4 +T cells recognizing a peptide within the SV40 large T oncoprotein [ 28 ] . While the transfer of naive splenocytes from the TCR transgenic mice had no effect on tumor development, sub-lethal radiation prior to lymphocyte transfer resulted in significant reduction in tumor burden in both intervention and regression trials.
The splenocytes were derived from T cell receptor transgenic mice that preferentially enhanced development of CD4 +T cells recognizing a peptide within the SV40 large T oncoprotein [ 28 ] . While the transfer of naive splenocytes from the TCR transgenic mice had no effect on tumor development, sub-lethal radiation prior to lymphocyte transfer resulted in significant reduction in tumor burden in both intervention and regression trials.
Prostate cancer is one of the major diseases that pose serious health problems for aging men [ 1 ] . It is generally believed that androgen has a significant role in the development and progress of this disease [ 2 ] . Changes in the growth response of cancer cells to androgen ablation and anti-androgen during the progress of the disease [ 3 4 5 6 ] suggest that multiple androgen-related signaling events are involved in neoplasia and disease progression.
Numerous studies have shown that polypeptide growth factors such as insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are mitogens for breast cancer cells [ 6 7 8 9 ] . The IGF-I and IGF-II signal through a common tyrosine kinase receptor, the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R), and have mitogenic and cell survival actions that may promote tumor development.
This is consistent with previous observations that M6P/IGF2R knockout mice displayed generalized increased growth and cardiomygaly (resulting from cardiac myocyte hyperplasia) [ 34 ] , and that antisense-mediated reduction of M6P/IGF2R expression enhances tumorigenicity in JEG-3 cells [ 43 ] . Thus, loss or mutation of M6P/IGF2R may contribute to development and progression of tumors via different pathways: by increasing the mitogenic activity of IGF-II and decreasing the apoptotic signaling of TGF-β and lysosomal proteases.
Despite continuing decreases in incidence and mortality rates, cancers of the colon and rectum remain the third leading cause of cancer deaths in the North America [ 1 2 ] . The decline in incidence, and hence mortality, from colorectal cancers is most likely attributable to an increase in recommendations to perform routine screening on average risk individuals and to improved screening techniques [ 2 ] . In addition, there is ever advancing knowledge into the pathogenic mechanism of cancer and resulting strides in the development of more efficacious therapies.
[ 9 ] , but employed far greater doses of aspirin (45 and 90 mg/kg/day) and reported no dose-response relationship and a maximal suppression of 55% [ 7 ] . Furthermore, in the rat model of azoxymethane-induced colon carcinogenesis, aspirin has also only been found to inhibit aberrant crypt foci and tumour development by no more than 65% [ 4 39 ] . Coincidentally, epidemiological data also report reductions in the 40-50% range [ 13 14 15 32 ] . However, whether this can be used as an argument to support the notion that aspirin is only able to suppress tumour formation by 50% is difficult to extrapolate because two different end points are being examined (i.e.
Shiff and Rigas [ 45 ] indicate that NSAIDs may to affect colorectal cancer development via one or more of the following four areas: (1) COX-mediated carcinogen activation, (2) cell proliferation, (3) apoptosis and (4) immune surveillance.
As in the Framingham cohort, the choice of bone for BMD measurement in NHANES I was the metacarpal [ 2 ] . Much has been written about the optimal choice of bone for BMD measurement, though no clear preference has dominated this literature [ 15 16 17 ] . Because we assumed that the most direct consequences of diminished BMD would be osteoporosis and hip fracture, associations of BMD with hip fracture and the development of osteoporosis were investigated in order to establish the validity of this BMD measurement in this cohort.
As anticipated, in the NHEFS, diminished BMD is significantly associated with the development of osteoporosis and hip fracture (Table 2).
Because the association of estrogen exposure and uterine cancer development is far less controversial than estrogen and breast cancer risk [ 4 ] , the veracity of BMD as a measure of estrogen exposure is supported by the significant positive association of BMD with uterine cancer incidence (Table 3).
In 1990 the National Institutes of Health Consensus Development Conference [ 1 ] concluded that breast conserving surgery (BCS) followed by radiation is an appropriate method of primary treatment for the majority of women with early stage breast cancer (AJCC stages [ 2 ] I, IIA, and IIB).
It has also been shown that aspirin inhibited nitrosamine induced lung carcinogenesis [ 27 ] , and it reduced COX-2 enzyme levels in lung cancer cell lines [ 28 ] . Further support for a potential role of the COX-2 pathway in lung cancer development comes from several investigations that demonstrated COX-2 overexpression in human lung tumors, specifically NSCLC [ 29 30 31 32 ] and precursor lesions [ 33 ] . While COX-2 expression was generally shown to be increased in NSCLC and to a much lesser extent in SCLC, the role of COX-2 expression in latter tumor type is difficult to determine, due to the fact that the numbers of SCLC tumors examined in these studies was very small.
The mitogenic role played by Wnts in normal CNS development also supports the concept that the pathway could promote growth in the brain [ 21 22 ] . In order to test this hypothesis we created transgenic mice in which the Wnt pathway was aberrantly activated in the CNS.
Wnt signaling is known to play a critical role in the development of the brain, and the midbrain and cerebellum do not form in animals lacking Wnt-1 [ 23 ] . Furthermore, targeted disruption of the frizzled-4 gene results in cerebellar abnormalities in mice [ 24 ] . Transgene expression from the PrP promoter is extremely low during embryonic development, with high-level postnatal expression largely restricted to neurons and glia of the CNS [ 25 ] . Transgenic mice expressing either wild-type or mutant β-catenin were generated so that a range of pathway activation could be examined.
Wnt signaling is known to play a critical role in the development of the brain, and the midbrain and cerebellum do not form in animals lacking Wnt-1 [ 23 ] . Furthermore, targeted disruption of the frizzled-4 gene results in cerebellar abnormalities in mice [ 24 ] . Transgene expression from the PrP promoter is extremely low during embryonic development, with high-level postnatal expression largely restricted to neurons and glia of the CNS [ 25 ] . Transgenic mice expressing either wild-type or mutant β-catenin were generated so that a range of pathway activation could be examined.
To increase the probability of brain tumor development, several transgenic lines (WT-1 and Mut-1,2,3) were crossed onto a p53-deficient background.
The growth and metastasis of tumors depend on the development of an adequate blood supply via angiogenesis.
It has been reported that dysfunction of the p53/MDM-2 pathway can be found in more than two-thirds of angiosarcomas; thus, mutant p53 influences the development of angiosarcoma not only by affecting growth and apoptosis control but also by up-regulating VEGF (Chinrugi et al.
Thus, the high coincidental expression of iNOS and VEGF and p53 protein accumulation may be important events to enhance gastric carcinogenesis and poorly clinical features and may be useful biomarkers to assess risk for the development of GC.
[ 28 29 30 31 32 ] In this report, two modulators of 5-FU were used in a sequential manner, anticipating an enhancement of the efficacy of 5-FU before the development of 5-FU resistance and subsequent disease progression.
We report on the development, implementation and evaluation of these non-traditional learning tools into an adult educational program for lay educators in the Witness Project of Buffalo.
Five educational tools that are not normally incorporated into community-based learning programs were implemented: educational contracts, vocabulary development, accessing prior knowledge, question and answer training format, and role playing.
This particular phase (creating new stories) of their development did not generally occur until the witness role models had been giving programs 6 months.
Identification of biomarkers that provide rapid and accessible readouts of drug exposure, activity, toxicity or efficacy is becoming increasingly important in the clinical development of novel molecularly targeted therapeutics.
The implications of gene expression profiling applications such as this one in the clinical development of novel molecular therapies are discussed.
A recent report describes an expression profiling approach as applied to bone marrow samples before and after treatment with the tyrosine kinase inhibitor STI-571 in patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia [ 26 ] . This work clearly demonstrates utility of the approach in investigation of drug-resistance development in hematological malignancies.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck is diagnosed in over 40,000 Americans each year, resulting in over 12,000 annual deaths [ 1 ] . Carcinomas of the head and neck are often associated with multiple areas of dysplasia or carcinoma in situ (CIS) in noncontiguous mucosa, as well as with the development of second primary cancers of the aerodigestive tract.
The concept of "field cancerization" hypothesizes that regions of the mucosal epithelium, although normal in appearance, are "preconditioned" by chronic exposure to carcinogenic agents, thus priming them for the subsequent development of invasive lesions [ 2 ] .
The mannose 6-phosphate/insulin-like growth factor 2 receptor (M6P/IGF2R) maps to chromosome location 6q25-27 [ 14 ] ; a chromosomal region predicted to contain a head and neck tumor suppressor gene [ 10 11 ] . It encodes for a receptor that functions in intracellular lysosomal enzyme trafficking, transforming growth factor beta activation, and IGF2 degradation (reviewed in [ 15 16 ] ). Granzyme B internalization by the M6P/IGF2R is also required for cytotoxic T cells to induce apoptosis in cells targeted for death, resulting in this receptor being referred to as a "death receptor" [ 17 ] . Elevated IGF2 levels during murine development arising from M6P/IGF2R deficiency result in cardiac abnormalities, cleft palate, fetal overgrowth and perinatal lethality [ 15 18 ] . Furthermore, large offspring syndrome frequently observed in cloned animals is associated with epigenetic changes in gene regulation and decreased M6P/IGF2R expression [ 19 ] . Thus, the M6P/IGF2R plays a crucial role in regulating mammalian fetal growth and development.
The mannose 6-phosphate/insulin-like growth factor 2 receptor (M6P/IGF2R) maps to chromosome location 6q25-27 [ 14 ] ; a chromosomal region predicted to contain a head and neck tumor suppressor gene [ 10 11 ] . It encodes for a receptor that functions in intracellular lysosomal enzyme trafficking, transforming growth factor beta activation, and IGF2 degradation (reviewed in [ 15 16 ] ). Granzyme B internalization by the M6P/IGF2R is also required for cytotoxic T cells to induce apoptosis in cells targeted for death, resulting in this receptor being referred to as a "death receptor" [ 17 ] . Elevated IGF2 levels during murine development arising from M6P/IGF2R deficiency result in cardiac abnormalities, cleft palate, fetal overgrowth and perinatal lethality [ 15 18 ] . Furthermore, large offspring syndrome frequently observed in cloned animals is associated with epigenetic changes in gene regulation and decreased M6P/IGF2R expression [ 19 ] . Thus, the M6P/IGF2R plays a crucial role in regulating mammalian fetal growth and development.
The development of second primaries was independent of the M6P/IGF2R mutation status in the primary tumor (p = 0.8).
M6P/IGF2R is normally imprinted in mice with only the maternal copy of the gene being expressed [ 41 ] . In contrast, both copies of the M6P/IGF2R are expressed in humans because genomic imprinting at this locus was lost in the primate lineage approximately 75 million years ago [ 42 ] . Importantly, restoration of biallelic M6P/IGF2R expression in mice results in a marked reduction in offspring weight late in embryonic development that persists into adulthood [ 43 ] . This demonstrates that M6P/IGF2R allelic loss or haploid insufficiency markedly enhances cell proliferation and/or survival during fetal development.
M6P/IGF2R is normally imprinted in mice with only the maternal copy of the gene being expressed [ 41 ] . In contrast, both copies of the M6P/IGF2R are expressed in humans because genomic imprinting at this locus was lost in the primate lineage approximately 75 million years ago [ 42 ] . Importantly, restoration of biallelic M6P/IGF2R expression in mice results in a marked reduction in offspring weight late in embryonic development that persists into adulthood [ 43 ] . This demonstrates that M6P/IGF2R allelic loss or haploid insufficiency markedly enhances cell proliferation and/or survival during fetal development.
In the lens, alpha-crystallin also associates with type III intermediate filament proteins and the beaded filament proteins CP49 and CP115, and correct beaded filament assembly has been shown depend on the presence of alpha-crystallin [ 16 ] . Beaded filament mRNA levels are greatly increased in differentiating lens epithelium and have been suggested as a pan-specific marker for lens fiber development [ 17 ] . Alpha-crystallin has also been shown to interact directly with DNA [ 18 ] . In transfected CHO cells, alphaB has also been shown to ectopically localize to interphase nuclei, suggesting a role for this protein in the nucleus [ 19 ] . A nuclear role for alphaB in the lens was supported by the findings that a subset of lens epithelial cells derived from alphaB knockout mice demonstrated hyperproliferation and genomic instability [ 20 ] . In addition, the administration of exogenous alpha-crystallin to primary bovine lens epithelial cell cultures resulted in the formation of lentoid bodies, consistent with a role for these proteins in lens differentiation [ 21 ] . These findings indicate that alpha-crystallin may have a multitude of in vivo functions.
Future studies with defined objectives to address the development and progression of morphological changes seen in this study are being designed.
Stress proteins have been shown to be expressed in non-stressed cells during development and differentiation [ 25 ] . Hsps were shown to be expressed during the differentiation of mammalian osteoblasts and promelocytic leukemia cells [ 26 ] . In addition, hsp expression has been shown to accompany growth arrest in human B lymphocytes [ 27 ] and macrophage differentiation of HL 60 cells [ 28 ] . During myogenic differentiation, mRNA for alphaB increases in conjunction with the induction of mRNA for myogenin, the earliest known event in myogenesis [ 29 ] . The addition of exogenous alpha-crystallin to primary bovine lens epithelium was shown to induce rapid changes in cell shape, leading to the formation of lentoid bodies [ 21 ] . These studies strongly suggest that the hsp family of proteins has other functions in addition to protecting proteins and cells during stress.
Second, due to the possibility that prior infection with HHV-6 might be directly or indirectly protective against tumor development.
At 11 months, there was a concern about possible failure to thrive, nevertheless, her current growth and development at seven years of age have been adequate.
Gross motor development was delayed but other developmental axes were intact.
Although it has been suggested that rapid sexual maturation may have long-term consequences for the development of obesity among women [ 6 ] , our results indicate that it is more likely that childhood obesity influences both menarcheal age and adult obesity.
Among women, black/white differences in BMI levels become apparent after age 12 y [ 27 ] , suggesting that adolescence may be a critical period [ 28 29 ] for the development of obesity.
The role of impulsivity in this correlation is important, given that impulsive behavior is common in adolescents with ADHD, pointing to a connection between ADHD and development of obesity, an idea consistent with our clinical observation that impulsive eating behaviors are common in adult and adolescent OB+ADHD patients.
Although most current administrative systems include time lags that diminish their utility, the development of on-line transaction processing between clinicians and payers may reduce or eliminate that deficiency.
To overcome attitudes and office systems that often emphasize treatment versus preventive care, the tool must be developed and "sold" on points salient and compelling to physician values, beliefs, and experiences [ 20 21 ] . In sum, a comprehensive assessment of the targeted environment is essential to the process of intervention development and application.
The PRECEDE-PROCEED model [ 22 ] , a comprehensive health promotion-planning model, provided the framework for this study's incremental progression towards intervention visualization, development, and adoption.
Physician formative involvement in the tool development began with the convening of a focus group of 12 peer-identified primary care physician Opinion Leaders.
The researchers discussed the development of the themes throughout the analysis, reaching consensus on eight final emergent themes.
The identified concepts will be applied towards the development of a survey that will be mailed to a randomized sample, stratified by county, practice specialty, and physician gender, of WNY PCP to test and refine the characterization of regional perceptions and experiences.
The focus group and survey findings will then be applied in the development of the practice tool.
Our results do not support the notion that aspirin plays a role in the development of pancreatic cancer.
From these results, potential cost-benefit analyses of NRL glove use can be developed to aid in policy development and implementation.
[ 23 26 32 37 40 41 ] . To address issues related to initiation and compliance with prenatal care, and its association with infant mortality in D.C, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) and the NIH Office of Research on Minority Health (ORMH) sponsored this study of barriers and motivators of prenatal care as identified by vulnerable, hard to reach populations.
Real creativity is needed to include fathers in development of prenatal care services, as well as in the health care delivery system to provide relevant, easily accessible care.
This assessment stimulated and guided reform efforts that were initiated in December 1992 through a cooperative project among the AMoH, United States Agency for International Development (USAID), and CDC.
Since 1996, this HIS reform activity has been self-sustained with no additional monetary support from USAID [ 6 ] . In 1996, the AMoH created a national HIS program for the development and reform of the HIS and the Armenian National Health Analytic-Information Centre [ 18 ] . The system has been transformed into a comprehensive HIS and includes chronic diseases, maternal and child health, and injury data.
A comprehensive HIS includes the capacity to obtain data from vital registries, clinical, administrative, and other records; from provider and population-based surveys and sentinel systems for infectious and chronic diseases, and disabilities; and maternal and child health, nutrition, and program implementation indicators, including access, coverage, and service quality [ 1 ] . This reform activity should include the development of an indicator monitoring system based on selected essential, action-oriented indicators of health status, service performance, and resources that can be used for decision-making at the local level.
Previous liver or thyroid disease, and concurrent insults to the liver (such as from alcohol, dehydration, an oral contraceptive pill, recreational drugs, and other drugs that can damage the liver) may be related to the development of many severe or prolonged adverse reactions to mefloquine.
Although all questions asked of the subjects refer to the two weeks prior to development of cryptosporidiosis and the statement is reiterated at several points during the questionnaire, it is likely that people do not recall exact consumption but tend to describe their usual patterns when asked about routine habits such as consumption of drinking water.
This is consistent with studies of other enteric pathogens [ 47 48 ] . In fact, intestinal protozoa are the most common infecting organisms identified in travelers with chronic diarrhea; the precise etiology of traveler's diarrhea is unclear but it is believed that duration of stay, hygiene, and level of socioeconomic development in the host country are associated with acquisition of infection [ 48 ] . The current study was unable to evaluate any of these factors because of limited sample size, but it was observed that 7 of the 13 cases (50.
Cryptosporidium oocysts have an ubiquitous geographic distribution and can be detected in most surface drinking water sources [ 8 ] . The oocysts are resistant to environmental degradation [ 9 ] , survive chlorination water treatment, and are too small (4 to 6 microns) to be removed by conventional water filters [ 6 ] . Risk factors for acquiring cryptosporidiosis have been determined primarily in studies of community-wide outbreaks, and drinking water has been implicated as the source of these outbreaks [ 9 10 11 12 13 14 ] . Case-control studies in AIDS patients have also been conducted during outbreaks [ 12 15 ] , but levels of endemic risk in the United States remain uncertain, even though there is great concern for diarrheal disease associated with drinking water in this population [ 16 17 ] . Because defining the risk associated with drinking tap water is particularly important for counseling immunocompromised patients on reducing their risk of cryptosporidiosis, we conducted a case-control study among persons with AIDS in San Francisco to test the hypothesis that the pattern of tap water consumption is associated with the development of endemic cryptosporidiosis.
The unadjusted, matched odds ratios for the occurrence of cryptosporidiosis according to exposure to non-drinking water sources are shown in Table 3. Neither sexual activity, sex with a partner with diarrhea, nor travel outside of San Francisco were associated with the development of cryptosporidiosis.
Assuming a causal relationship between tap water consumption and the development of cryptosporidiosis in persons with AIDS, the PAF was 85%; that is, the proportion of cases in San Francisco AIDS patients attributable to tap water consumption could have been as high as 85%.
This is the first population-based case-control study enrolling incident cases of cryptosporidiosis to evaluate and detect a strong association between an increasing pattern of tap water consumption and the development of cryptosporidiosis among AIDS patients in the United States.
SJ participated in development of the molecular assays and study design.
Development of an evidence-based, consensus statement regarding breast cancer screening, with broad endorsement, would support a single set of unambiguous guidelines for implementation across primary care settings.
The application of highly active antiretroviral treatment and the development of more effective chemoprophylaxis against opportunistic infections are likely to be associated with changes in the types and severity of pulmonary complications that we see in these patients.
Reports have suggested that responses to tuberculosis differ between men and women, and that barriers to early detection and treatment of tuberculosis may be greater for women than for men [ 5 ] . A 10-year study performed among Ethiopian Jews who immigrated to Israel found that women had an incidence rate of tuberculosis that was twice that of men (120 versus 69 cases per 100,000 population per year) [ 6 ] . In addition, studies have suggested that progression from tuberculosis infection to disease may be faster in women of reproductive age than men of the same age [ 7 8 ] . Nonetheless, there is an estimated 2:1 male to female ratio in the number of tuberculosis cases notified to public health authorities [ 9 ] , indicating that any increase in the risk of development of tuberculosis that reproductive stress may confer upon women is transient.
Cardiovascular diseases, a major health concern in industrialized countries [ 1 2 3 4 ] , include vasculopathies such as atherosclerosis [ 5 ] and autoimmune vascular diseases such as lupus [ 6 ] , graft versus host disease [ 7 ] , and systemic sclerosis [ 8 ] . Many factors are involved in the development and progression of these diseases including lifestyle (diet, smoking, and lack of physical exercise); genes, and environment [ 1 2 3 4 ] . Also, infectious agents, including both bacterial (Chlamydia) [ 9 10 ] , and viral (CMV) [ 11 12 ] , have been implicated.
All mice were housed in hepa filtered cages in the approved animal facility and monitored daily for the development of clinical manifestations of infection.
To both accelerate the development of vascular pathology and to deepen the immunocompromised state, these mice were irradiated with a sublethal dose of gamma radiation (300 Rads) at 4 months of age.
Vascular disease in the IFN-γR-/- group of mice began with development of an inflammatory infiltrate in the adventitia of aortas 3-4 weeks after infection in 30% of animals (Table 1) (Fig.
CMV invades the vascular endothelium with the development of both latency and intermittent shedding of the virus to distal tissues, often by detachment of infected endothelial cells.
Prior studies describe development of MCMV associated vascular lesions in large arterial vessels of mice.
injection of suckling mice induces vascular lesions in the aorta and pulmonary artery, which are characterized by cellular infiltrates containing T-lymphocytes [ 36 ] . A more recent study describes the development of MCMV induced vascular lesions in the aorta of both immunocompetent mice and those lacking IFN-γ responsiveness where IFN-γ is determined to be a major antiviral factor preventing the long term persistence of aortic vascular lesions [ 18 ] . The present study focused on neointima formation, which was seen only in immunocompromised mice.
Apoptosis of vascular endothelium may be the trigger that initiates the uncontrolled repair mechanism characterized by the proliferation of smooth muscle cells/myofibroblasts, leading to the development of neointima in MCMV induced vascular disease.
The development of CMV induced vasculopathies is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in immunosuppressed patients.
Although the role of CMV infection in pathogenesis of vascular diseases in immunocompetent patients is less clear, epidemiological studies strongly suggest that chronic or latent infections may accelerate the development of diseases such as atherosclerosis and SSc.
It is crucial to identify factors responsible for contributing to the development of vascular pathology in order to develop better preventive as well as treatment modalities.
KN supervised development and implementation and sponsored the project.
in rats, where the anabolic effect of lovastatin on bone was at least partially due to their inhibiting effect on osteoclast development [ 28 ] . Similarly, in the mouse calvaria model Gasser et al.
It is estimated that 1.2 million new cases of non-melanoma skin cancer occur each year in the United States, and the majority of these are believed to result from heavy exposure to ultraviolet (UV) light from the sun [ 1 ] . The incidence of skin cancer is predicted to increase even further because of the depletion of the stratospheric ozone layer [ 2 ] . The development of chemopreventive strategies for skin cancer is thus a high public health priority.
Residents of Arizona experience a three to seven times greater incidence of non-melanoma skin cancer than the general population in the United States [ 3 ] . Our goal is the development of oral agents that will complement primary skin cancer prevention.
As cited in the acknowledgement section above: The development of the tea questionnaire was supported by a grant from Unilever Health Institutre, Vlaardingen, UNC, PO Box 114, 3130 AC Vlaardingen, The Netherlands
While in vitro analyses of TGFβ1 levels in keloid and normal fibroblasts have yielded variable results [ 15 16 17 18 19 20 ] , higher levels of TGFβ1 receptors and Smad3 activation were recently reported in keloid fibroblasts [ 21 ] . Thus, procedures that lower TGFβ1 expression may help prevent keloid development [ 15 16 18 22 ] .
This suggests that body-site specific keloid formation may be dependent on the difference in the development and resolution of tension in the wound bed at nonglabrous vs. glabrous sites in keloid prone patients.
Rather it may be necessary to re-evaluate α-SMA expression in the early stages of keloid development, when tension within the wound bed is high.
Skin antigen-presenting cells (Langerhans cells) appear to play an important role in the initiating events that lead to the cytokine cascade that results in keratinocyte proliferation and development of psoriatic lesions [ 16 17 18 ] . Effective therapeutic approaches to psoriasis treatment, such as psoralen UV-A therapy (PUVA), which result in depletion of APCs in the skin [ 19 20 ] , and UV-B [ 21 ] , lead to one of the most sustained improvement in psoriasis.
Recently, the development of an inducible system based on the insect steroid ecdysone and the nuclear receptor that mediates its effect [ 7 ] has provided an alternative that may circumvent these limitations.
This clone, designated MBT2+RheoSwitch-2, was used for further development.
The clone exhibiting the highest level of induced gene expression was then used for further development.
The analysis of gene function during mammalian embryonic development relies heavily on the use of transgenic mice.
All embryos exhibited characteristic features of midgestation stages of development including normal rostral-caudal patterning, beating hearts, normal limb formation including the formation of fingers.
The most obvious is that it provides a mechanism for generating embryos that express alleles that are predicted, or known, to be detrimental to normal embryonic development, for example dominant-negative or gain-of-function alleles.
Indeed, the expression of dominant negative alleles that can potentially disrupt multiple members of a gene family has been used extensively in Xenopus laevis and has, for example, helped elucidate the action of fibroblast growth factors during mesoderm formation [ 19 ] . Such alleles are particularly useful when a null allele in the same gene causes a disruptive phenotype prior to the stage of development of interest.
Choosing a promoter that expresses the dominant negative allele later in development or in a specific cell type could potentially circumvent any early phenotype associated with a null allele.
Another important use of this procedure could be to identify transcriptional regulatory regions that control expression of specific genes during development.
Transgenic mice have been extensively used to identify regulatory elements that control gene expression in vivo [ 20 21 ] . This has, in turn allowed the elucidation of regulatory networks that control cell differentiation during development.
In sum, the availability of tetraploid aggregation-competent ES cells that support targeting of transgenes to the hprt locus should facilitate the rapid analysis of transcriptional regulatory elements in vivo as well as the phenotypic characterization of alleles that are incompatible with normal development.
In this report, we describe a novel post-genomic approach (called Phenogenix ®) that involves the use of complex and random peptide libraries of large size (up to 40 amino acids) and diversity (>10 11independent clones per library) in combination with computational analysis for garnering information on the natural biological partners and pathways [ 7 ] . We also show that the specificity of these peptides can be improved by mutation at the DNA level that has implications for phenotyping and the development of Site Directed Assays.
This non-random association between a surrogate and a target's pharmacologically active site assures a high degree of probability that, once found, surrogates will have utility for the rapid development of SDAs capable of identifying small molecules of pharmacological importance.
M.L. assisted with the low-volume jet and needle and syringe injections and development of the ELISA.
assisted with the development of the animal protocols and particle bombardment procedure and edited the manuscript.
This strategy should be very useful for the development of a variety of both in vitro and in vivo applications, including the creation of cell-based expression arrays for proteomics and drug discovery and highly site-specific delivery of transgenes for gene therapy and tissue engineering.
and T.S. conceived the study and participated in its design and development.
The recent development of intense, photostable and pH-insensitive fluorophores, along with improvements in optical detection systems, has led to fluorophore labeling of many pharmacological agents.
Loss of Fhit protein is among the earliest known events in the development of a variety of the most common and lethal human malignancies [ 1 ] . Loss of Fhit leads to cells that are deficient in programmed cell death and that form tumors in mice while Fhit reexpression in Fhit-cancer cells reduces tumorigenicity and restores programmed cell death [ 2 3 4 5 6 ] . Infection of Fhit +/- mice with viruses that re-express Fhit reduce cancer occurrence [ 7 ] , apparently by killing pre-neoplastic cells that have lost the wild-type Fhit allele.
Not surprisingly, high leaf litter quantity led to larger mass, shorter larval development time and higher survival (Figs.
Our prediction was that B microcosms, with more wall area per unit volume would allow for greater growth and shorter development time of mosquitoes, which it did at low resource levels, possibly by providing more substrate on which periphyton could grow [ 3 ] . In addition, at low litter abundance there is less leaf surface area, and the effects of varying wall surface area will be greater under conditions of limiting resources.
Shorter development time is important in ephemeral aquatic habitats such as temporary ponds and phytotelmata, allowing adults to escape prior to dry down in late spring or early summer [ 29 30 ] . Short time to maturity allows the insects to escape their larval habitat before it dries up, and males that mature before females are ready to mate when females emerge.
The other comparison between B and CW microcosms yielded mosquitoes that were similar in size and development rate.
A final comparison of B to CS microcosms (Table 2) is of interest because it represents a comparison of constant scaling, which encapsulates both horizontal and vertical scaling effects [ 3 ] . Here the major effect is in time to maturity and male biomass, with the smaller volume container producing larger males with shorter development times (Fig.
Growth and survival may thus be affected by habitat size, which varies greatly among small aquatic habitats [ 23 24 31 36 ] . There is a positive relationship between size, or volume, of the habitat and species richness, and between volume and growth responses of individual species [ 16 23 24 25 31 37 ] . Levels of water and resources may be important cues to ovipositing females, with resulting impacts on individuals and communities [ 9 16 38 39 ] . Oviposition site selection is an important variable affecting survival and development of non-dispersing larvae, and large volumes may be preferred by females laying eggs in aquatic environments due to increased stability and decreased risk of drought [ 29 39 ] . However, allochthonous plant material from surrounding terrestrial areas is the major input of energy resources to many freshwater detritus-based food webs, and resource quantity in these habitats is highly heterogeneous and dependent on location of the habitat relative to resource inputs [ 14 40 ] . Clearly, the choice of habitat by ovipositing C pipiens females will have growth and survival consequences for offspring.
Early recognition of the contrast between the stabilizing influences of density-dependent population regulation, and potentially de-stabilizing influences of environmental variation [ 1 ] , laid a foundation for theoretical modeling of population stability in stochastic environments [ 2 ] that assumes renewed relevance in light of current developments in ecology and climate research [ 3 ] . Recently, for instance, numerous studies have documented the influences of global-scale climatic variation on the population dynamics of vertebrates in widely diverse ecosystems (see, e.g., [ 4 5 ] for reviews), including species interactions at the community level [ 6 7 8 ] . To our knowledge, however, no study has yet documented a simultaneous and direct influence of large-scale climate on the dynamics at all trophic levels in a single system.
Based on the approach used in the development of previous bivariate population models [ 12 13 14 ] , we developed and applied a model testing for the direct influence of large-scale climate on the dynamics at individual trophic levels and interactions among levels (Figure 1).
Fungal pathogens can be important selective forces on plants in habitats favorable to fungal development, but estimating the magnitude of selection by fungal pathogens in nature is difficult.
The development of fungal disease in plants has at least three important control points: the prevalence of fungal inoculum, the environment during infection, and disease development as modified by plant defenses [ 1 2 ] . Most field studies on wild plants have not measured pathogen abundance but have focused on disease expression [ 3 4 5 6 ] . Atmospheric moisture is generally the single most important environmental factor influencing the incidence and severity of fungal diseases on plants [ 4 7 8 9 10 ] . High relative humidity and several hours of free surface water are critical for both spore germination and successful infection [ 11 12 13 ] . In addition, infection (i.e.
The development of fungal disease in plants has at least three important control points: the prevalence of fungal inoculum, the environment during infection, and disease development as modified by plant defenses [ 1 2 ] . Most field studies on wild plants have not measured pathogen abundance but have focused on disease expression [ 3 4 5 6 ] . Atmospheric moisture is generally the single most important environmental factor influencing the incidence and severity of fungal diseases on plants [ 4 7 8 9 10 ] . High relative humidity and several hours of free surface water are critical for both spore germination and successful infection [ 11 12 13 ] . In addition, infection (i.e.
We have previously reported that it takes from 12-16 h following 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D treatment of Caco-2 cells to first appreciate an increase in saturable transcellular calcium transport [ 19 ] . This temporal response is similar to the 8-16 h observed for the achievement of maximal rates of intestinal calcium absorption in vivo following 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D treatment of vitamin D-deficient chickens [ 28 ] . Future studies of the time course of CaT1 protein expression and localization of this protein to the brush border will be necessary to confirm this point, but must await the development of a suitable CaT1 antibody.
who reported progressive and significant shortening of R-R intervals during neonatal development [ 1].
Evidence to support this view includes the observations of increased levels of norepinephrine in plasma and urine, and decreased norepinephrine content in the iron deficient heart [ 19 20 21 22 ] . Rossi [ 23 ] , after finding that reserpine administration prevented the development of this hypertrophy, even suggested that norepinephrine is the causal agent in the pathology.
However, even in transgenic animal models overexpressing alpha receptors, the beta-adrenergic receptor appears to play an important role in hypertrophy development and the transition to heart failure [ 34 35 ] . Regardless of which receptors are involved in the various forms of hypertrophy, the sympathetic nervous system does appear to play a role in most, if not all, forms of cardiac hypertrophy, and much remains to be done in this area [ 36 ] .
Finally, we hypothesized that a daily injection of the beta-adrenergic antagonist propanolol would significantly reduce the development of ventricular hypertrophy.
Finally, propanolol injections do not prevent the development of iron deficient cardiac hypertrophy, drawing into question the potential causal relationship between beta-adrenergic neurotransmission and this form of hypertrophy.
Nonetheless, examination of several time points during the progression of iron deficiency can potentially provide important insights into the development of resulting physiological alterations.
Many studies have shown that chronic intravenous infusion of norepinephrine is sufficient to cause hypertrophy, and that various forms of hypertrophy are linked to a decrease in either beta-adrenergic receptor density or a decreased responsiveness to beta-adrenergic stimulation [ 46 48 49 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 ] . Barth, for example, showed that norepinephrine infusion induced left ventricular hypertrophy that could be prevented by an adrenergic-receptor blocker [ 58 ] . It has been suggested that ornithine decarboxylase is a link between beta-adrenoreceptors and stimulation of tissue growth factor, which results in hypertrophy [ 64 ] . However, recent studies have focused on alpha-adrenergic reception as a mediator of cardiac hypertrophy [ 35 ] , although some question the role of the alpha-adrenergic receptor as a hypertrophic mediator in vivo [ 34 ] . To date, no published studies of which we are aware have examined alpha-adrenergic reception and the development of cardiac hypertrophy with iron deficiency.
The literature surrounding norepinephrine and its role in the development of iron deficient hypertrophy documents the following facts: 1) prolonged iron deficiency causes cardiac hypertrophy [ 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 23 ] , 2) the pool of stored norepinephrine in the heart is decreased with iron deficiency [ 17 21 ] , 3) plasma and urine concentrations of norepinephrine are increased with iron deficiency [ 19 20 21 22 68 ] , and 4) chronic administration of reserpine (which depletes norepinephrine) prevents the development of iron deficient hypertrophy [ 12 ] , but not hypertrophy that results from aortic banding [ 23 ] . This, combined with other studies that relate chronic adrenergic stimulation to hypertrophy, led Rossi to the conclusion that iron deficiency hypertrophy was caused by chronic sympathetic stimulation.
The literature surrounding norepinephrine and its role in the development of iron deficient hypertrophy documents the following facts: 1) prolonged iron deficiency causes cardiac hypertrophy [ 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 23 ] , 2) the pool of stored norepinephrine in the heart is decreased with iron deficiency [ 17 21 ] , 3) plasma and urine concentrations of norepinephrine are increased with iron deficiency [ 19 20 21 22 68 ] , and 4) chronic administration of reserpine (which depletes norepinephrine) prevents the development of iron deficient hypertrophy [ 12 ] , but not hypertrophy that results from aortic banding [ 23 ] . This, combined with other studies that relate chronic adrenergic stimulation to hypertrophy, led Rossi to the conclusion that iron deficiency hypertrophy was caused by chronic sympathetic stimulation.
However, our finding that a daily injection of the beta-blocker propanolol does not prevent the development of iron deficient cardiac hypertrophy suggests that beta-adrenergic sympathetic stimulation may not be a causal agent in the development of hypertrophy.
However, our finding that a daily injection of the beta-blocker propanolol does not prevent the development of iron deficient cardiac hypertrophy suggests that beta-adrenergic sympathetic stimulation may not be a causal agent in the development of hypertrophy.
The purpose of this study was to investigate cardiac and vascular responses associated with the development of iron deficiency.
The failure of the beta-blocker to prevent hypertrophy suggests that, if the sympathetic nervous system is a causal agent in the development of this form of hypertrophy, the signaling mechanism is not mediated by the beta-adrenergic receptor.
The idea that TEA might be a candidate for a lead compound for the development of drugs with possible clinical applications [ 5 ] is supported by the present data that show the effectiveness of TEA in two different mammalian models of AQP1-mediated osmotic water permeability.
In support of the first possibility, we observed a significant force decline in many of the electrically stimulated muscles i.e., some muscles showed a decline in peak tension development of more than 25% by the end of 1 hr. of stimulation.
The hindlimb was fixed so that no movement of the limb was possible during muscle contraction and the Achilles tendon was attached to a force-displacement transducer (Grass Instruments, Co., Quincy, Mass) to monitor tension development during contraction.
Signs of muscle fatigue i.e., a decline in tension development below 75% of peak, were evident using this stimulation protocol after 30-60 minutes in approximately 50% of the rats tested.
There was no detectable difference in VEGF mRNA levels by Northern analysis between muscles that fatigued versus muscles that maintained tension development.
Color development was performed at room temperature overnight in Buffer 2 containing NBT and BCIP (Boehringer Mannheim).
Dissection of medial rings, mounting and determination of the optimum length for stress development at 37°C was performed as described [ 21 ] . The carotid "ring" preparation differs in the method of mounting from our prior heat study which employed carotid "strips" [ 14 ] . The mounting procedure, rings vs. strips does not alter the behavior of the carotid media in tissue baths.
Serum leptin was elevated in mice on the high-fat diet, concordant with the development of obesity, but adrenalectomy had no effect on leptin levels (Table I).
The high fat diet used in this study led to the development of obesity over the course of five weeks as expected (Fig.
Tolerance to a glucose load was also impaired in mice after one week on the high-fat diet, suggesting the development of insulin resistance (Fig.
Diet-induced obesity led to significant increases in body weight and adiposity and to the development of glucose intolerance.
This hypothesis is particularly compelling since recent data suggest that aberrant glucocorticoid activity may play a key role in the development of the metabolic syndrome [ 10 ] .
After more chronic exposure, this delicate balance could plausibly become disrupted, leading to glucocorticoid-mediated development of the metabolic syndrome [ 10 ] . Thus interactions between insulin, leptin, and glucocorticoids, and the neuropeptide responses they generate within the melanocortin system, allow complex metabolic responses to nutritional status but may also allow the development of metabolic pathologies.
After more chronic exposure, this delicate balance could plausibly become disrupted, leading to glucocorticoid-mediated development of the metabolic syndrome [ 10 ] . Thus interactions between insulin, leptin, and glucocorticoids, and the neuropeptide responses they generate within the melanocortin system, allow complex metabolic responses to nutritional status but may also allow the development of metabolic pathologies.
Loss of myocytes is thought to contribute to the progressivedecline in left ventricular function and the development of congestiveheart failure.
Both in animal and human studies of heart failure, β-adrenergicblockade intervention appears to have beneficial effects on cardiacmyocyte function [ 1 23 24 ] . Of particularimportance, studies using carvedilol have shown remarkable improvementsin cardiac performance [ 12 13 15 16 ] andreduction in mortality in humans [ 17 ] .We have previously shown that propranolol, a nonselective β-blocker,is cardioprotective and prevents the development of heart failurein turkeys when given concurrently with furazolidone [ 21 ] . Similarly, carteolol, a nonselective β-blocker,resulted in improvement in ejection fraction, reduction in ventricularvolumes, an increase in developed pressure as well as an increasein rate of survival in our turkey model [ 18 ] . Improvementin cardiac function was associated with cellular remodeling of cardiacmyocytes.
Loss of cardiacmyocytes has been suspected to be a feature of the cardiomyopathicprocess that contributes to progressive decline in left ventricularfunction and the development of congestive heart failure [ 29 ] . Evidence supporting the concept ofmyocyte apoptosis occurrence and contribution in the progressionof heart failure has been obtained from a variety of observations,including in vitro studies, experimental animal modelsof cardiac dysfunction, and studies on cardiac tissue obtainedfrom patients with end-stage heart failure [ 5 7 8 9 29 ] .
The development of animal models of heart failure in which apoptosisis an important feature will allow the modulation of cell deathpathways through targeted interventions.
The apoptotic processis linked to the development and progression of heart failure aswell as the improvement in cardiac function seen with β-blockade.
The development of both types of ligands could therefore have important biomedical implications.
One of these ligands displays original structural and chemical characteristics, which could be used in the development of novel compounds for cancer prevention and therapy.
It will be interesting to test these molecules for anti-proliferative activity, both in vitro and in vivo . The observation that agonist 1 does not belong to any of the series of RAR ligands described so far makes this compound particularly interesting for further development.
In recent years, it has become clear that the neuronal nAChR is a valid target against a variety of diseases, including cognitive and attention deficits, Parkinson's disease, anxiety, and pain management [ 3 4 ] ; the addiction liability and other undesirable side-effects of nicotine prohibit the use of this natural product for therapeutic applications, but the active development of nAChR agonists presenting adequate receptor subtype specificity should result in improved pharmacology and potency [ 4 ] . As for most membrane proteins, information on the 3 dimensional structure of the nAChR is limited, and the best experimental structure consists of 4.6 A data from electron microscopy [ 5 ] , a resolution that does not allow for structure-based design approaches.
Previous reports have shown on other systems that a single-residue mutation in a receptor is sufficient for the development of specific ligands [ 13 14 ] . Based on the recent crystal structure of AChBP, we could propose a detailed description of the structural variations of nAChR subtypes.
Identification of T-cell epitopes associated with a particular disease can lead to the development of potential peptide vaccines.
Development of an efficient energy function for the accurate prediction of both backbone and side-chain conformations followed by an effective MHC-peptide interaction function will help to quantify the differences in peptide binding caused by MHC polymorphism and peptide diversity.
Even though structure prediction methods need further development, it is possible to produce models where functional hypotheses can be tested in a rational manner (for example, with mutagenesis experiments) through detailed analysis [ 54 ] . Additionally, structure comparisons can be used to detect functional relationships that cannot be detected by sequence information alone [ 52 ] , and micro-environment analyses that parse models for particular three-dimensional motifs [ 55 ] can be used to discern molecular function.
Developments in our ab initio sampling protocol were incorporated into our loop sampling technique.
RS performed the algorithm development, carried out the computations, evaluated the results, and drafted the manuscript.
ML helped with the algorithm development and evaluation of the results produced, and provided intellectual guidance and mentorship.
For the development of an all-encompassing potential energy function for the protein folding problem that can simulate both the thermodynamic and kinetic processes, it is argued that one must start from first principles [ 1 ] . However, given the complexity of the problem, involving thousands of atoms and an extremely large number of conformations available to these atoms, the available computational power posses a serious restriction.
Another crucial requirement for the development of potential functions using optimization-based methods is the generation of realistic and challenging decoys.
Development of the concept was done by all the three authors.
The present study was undertaken for the following reasons: 1) to assess long-term changes in tinnitus severity exhibited by patients who completed a comprehensive tinnitus management program; 2) to identify factors that contributed to changes in tinnitus severity within this population; 3) to contribute to the development and refinement of effective assessment and management procedures for tinnitus.
Variables with p < 0.10 in univariate analysis for a relationship with development of hospitalization for diabetic ketoacidosis were entered into multivariate analysis as covariates.
DT indicates a combination of delay in seeking therapy and faster development of new cavities.
To increase physician knowledge of new developments in palliation and their level of clinical competence in end-of-life care, the Institute for Ethics at the American Medical Association, with support from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, embarked on the Education for Physicians on End-of-life Care (EPEC) Project.
A key tool of the EPEC Project was the development of the EPEC Curriculum.
Physical dependence, evidenced by the development of a withdrawal syndrome when a medication is suddenly withdrawn, is not evidence of addition [ 30 ] . Similar outcomes occur in the presence of exogenous hormones and other medications that act through cellular receptors (eg, estrogens, beta-blockers, alpha-2 agonists, caffeine, etc.).
Referring physicians made the diagnosis of premature ovarian failure based on the following criteria: development of at least 4 months of amenorrhea before age 40 associated with two serum FSH levels above 40 IU/L (drawn at least 1 month apart).
Primordial germs cells originate from a small number of progenitor cells that arise in very early development.
Such therapy could have serious consequences, such as the development of osteonecrosis [ 4 ]
The National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Institutional Review Board approved the protocol.
This approach can have severe adverse consequences such as the development of osteonecrosis related to glucocorticoid therapy [ 4 ] . Here we demonstrate that detection of ovarian antibodies by indirect immunofluorescence using one specific commercial test system has poor specificity as a diagnostic test.
The complete absence of a corpus callosum in rats exposed in utero to EtOH has been documented by several studies [ 7 8 9 ] . Because in utero exposure to EtOH affects both corpus callosum development and laterality, researchers have turned to the rat model to assess the impact of EtOH on both measures.
The genu, body, and splenium were identified to confirm complete development of the corpus callosum.
A priori contrasts were conducted to determine if differences existed between groups on all dependent measures (laterality, corpus callosum [development and weight], splenium development, total brain weight, and pup weight gain).
A priori contrasts were conducted to determine if differences existed between groups on all dependent measures (laterality, corpus callosum [development and weight], splenium development, total brain weight, and pup weight gain).
As an indication of EtOH and SY fetal effects the CC weight measure does not seem to provide much relevant information, whereas the measure of splenium development clearly indicates EtOH-induced disruption.
The in utero effect of EtOH on splenium development has also been observed in humans with FAS.
Further evidence of laterality disruption was manifested by incomplete splenium development in 8 of the 10 EtOH-exposed rats.
Because callosal development was complete in rats exposed to the co-administration of SY with EtOH, it appears that SY conferred some ameliorative effects upon the corpus callosum developmental process.
Without the SY, EtOH-exposed pups clearly displayed EtOH-induced disruption to normal callosal development.
This review is unique a) by the cooperative work among a multidisciplinary team of researchers and content-experts; b) the review was not limited to any specific discipline or language; c) the focus on content validity is practical and clinically relevant to practitioners and researchers; d) a great effort and detail went into the development of the search strategy, inclusion/exclusion criteria and quality-scoring instrument.
All listed authors worked collectively on the design of the study and development of the review instruments.
AA participated in the design of the study, instrument development, and methodology.
AFG participated in development of the review instruments and advised on statistical conduct of the study.
The purpose of MeSH is to provide uniformity and consistency to the indexing of the biomedical literature [ 3 ] . With the recent development of CAM on PubMed [ 4 5 ] , MeSH descriptors for CAM have been expanded.
The levator ani muscles play an important role in bladder neck fixation provided by the suspensory sling and hiatal ligament [ 6 ] . The urethra is supported by the action of the levator ani muscles through their connection to the endopelvic fascia of the anterior vaginal wall [ 7 ] , and the muscles of the levator ani contract during a cough to assist continence [ 8 ] . The fast twitch type II fibers in the levator ani muscles play an important role in continence, and their loss accompanies the development of urinary incontinence [ 9 ] . Clinically, women with recurrent urinary incontinence after Burch colposuspension have a more pronounced pelvic floor weakness than women with primary stress urinary incontinence [ 10 ] . This suggests that the recurrent urinary incontinence is caused by a progression of pelvic floor dysfunction.
After development and film exposure, the membrane was washed and stained for actin (0.
The philosophy behind the use and development of PKQuest differs from that of the standard PBPK applications.
Because of developments in the Internet, we converted access to all resources to the Internet via the public address, http://Clinical.UTHSCSA.edu.
Further research and development of more efficient strategies for seeking medical evidence are needed.
Development
The alpha coefficient is especially useful during test development because it gives a measure of how each item is contributing to the scale to which it has been assigned.
Physical diagnosis skills examined in the present study correlated with scores on the USMLE Step 1 exam, and the skills that foreshadow the clinical clerkships - identification of abnormality and development of differential diagnoses - best predicted USMLE scores [ 42 ] .
This, in turn, has led telemedicine advocates to blame payors for impeding development of the technology.
Another bill, the Health Information and Quality Improvement Act of 2001, would provide $420 million to help hospitals develop and use information technology that can reduce the frequency of medical errors [ 51 ] . However such support would not be sufficiently broad-based, and would not substitute for development of a National Health Information Infrastructure.
To be effective, development and implementation of new information technologies must speak to the minute-to-minute needs of all types of providers.
If it is to occur, substantial investment will be needed to galvanize this change, probably in large part from the federal government, with development of a national health information infrastructure representing the most important piece of the puzzle.
The TMA Data Exchange Specification provides software programmers with a promising new area for development.
During carcinogenesis, morphologically identifiable lesions occur that precede the development of invasive cancer.
3. The different kinds of precancers may vary in every biologic feature except those specified in their definition (identifiable lesions that precede the development of cancer).
They are identifiable lesions that can precede the development of cancer.
Financial, ownership and utilization data were obtained from the Hospital Annual Financial Disclosure Reports, filed annually by all California hospitals with the Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development (OSHPD).
Questionnaire Development
After the completion of this research, Dr. Michael Pignone has received licensing and consulting fees from Bayer, Inc. for the development of a CHD risk estimation tool.
Ideal circumstances would allow for the development of cost estimates based on a comprehensive study, designed not to influence resource use, of unselected patients with sufficient follow-up.
This finding is in line with the literature, which suggests that individuals who have cognitive deficits are at greater risk for exhibiting behavioral problems in long-term and other non-acute settings [ 24 ] . Investigators have found lower MMSE scores at admission predictive of functional decline following acute medical illness and hospitalization [ 26 ] . Additionally, cognitive impairment is associated with the development of delirium during hospitalization, which in turn, can result in a variety of behavioral problems [ 27 ] . However, in these studies, patients usually had cognitive impairment indicative of dementia, whereas the current study suggests that among hospitalized elderly, a MMSE score of less than 27 places a patient at increased risk of behavioral problems.
Although we identified predictors that could be easily obtained or assessed at admission, other variables, including diagnosis, acuity of illness, co-morbidities, pain, and type and dose of medications, may also be associated with the development of behavioral problems in this setting.
In summary, we report on the development of an inducible mammalian cell expression system for the catalytic subunit of the α-isotype for PP1.
These findings, provided by the development of this inducible PP1 expression system, will afford new research opportunities aimed towards addressing the question of how PP1 activity is regulated.
Vitamin E was established as an essential micronutrient for proper fetal development [ 1 ] and the amount of vitamin E required to maintain proper fetal development has been defined in International Units.
Vitamin E was established as an essential micronutrient for proper fetal development [ 1 ] and the amount of vitamin E required to maintain proper fetal development has been defined in International Units.
USAID United States Agency for International Development
In an unrelated study, we investigated the effects of mefloquine on global transcription in rat neuroblastoma (NG108) cells using microarrays [ 7 ] . Mefloquine caused a striking upregulation of growth arrest and development protein 153 (GADD153), a transcription factor selectively modulated under conditions of ER stress [ 8 ] . Taken together, these observations suggest that mefloquine might perturb the function of the ER via a disruption of calcium homeostasis.
Plates were read on a Uvmax plate reader at 405 nm (Molecular Devices, Sunnyvale, CA, USA) after 1 hr development with substrate.
Serologic tools for assessment of exposure to the parasite are still under development and testing.
The metabolic syndrome is a condition that promotes atherosclerosis and increases the risk of cardiovascular events [ 1 2 3 ] . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, at least 47 million Americans, or about one in five people, have this condition [ 1 ] . Contributors to the development of the metabolic syndrome may include genetics, a sedentary lifestyle, a Western diet (high in refined carbohydrates, low in fiber, and high in saturated fat), cigarette smoking, and progressive weight gain [ 2 ] . The characteristics of the metabolic syndrome include atherogenic dyslipidemia, a prothrombotic state, insulin resistance, hypertension, and abdominal obesity [ 3 4 ] . Each abnormality promotes atherosclerosis independently, but when clustered together, these metabolic disorders are increasingly atherogenic and enhance the risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality [ 1 ] . Based on observational studies there is evidence to support that several factors related to lifestyle habits may influence cardiovascular risk [ 5 6 7 ] . Among these factors the beneficial effect of several dietary patterns on human health, have already been underlined [ 8 9 10 ] . One of these diets, the Mediterranean diet, has received much attention during the past decades.
Although the benefits from the adoption of this diet on all cause survival have long been recognized, little is known about its association with the development of acute coronary events, in people with the metabolic syndrome.
In this work we evaluated the effect of the adoption of Mediterranean diet on the development of acute coronary syndromes, in subject with the metabolic syndrome.
The hedgehog ( hh ) gene was identified two decades ago in Drosophila as a critical regulator of cell-fate determination during embryogenesis [ 1 ] . Subsequent work in several model systems has defined and characterized the Hh gene family that encodes highly conserved secreted signaling proteins (for review see [ 2 ] ). Hedgehog (Hh) proteins are synthesized as approximately 45 kDa precursors that autoprocess in an unprecedented fashion, resulting in the covalent attachment of a cholesterol moiety to the amino-terminal half of the precursor [ 2 ] . This processed amino-terminal domain, Hh-Np, is responsible for the activation of a unique and complex signaling cascade that is essential for controlling cell fate throughout development and into adulthood [ 2 ] . In mammals there are three Hh-family proteins: Sonic (Shh), Indian (Ihh), and Desert (Dhh).
Gene-targeting experiments in mice have demonstrated that the development and patterning of essentially every major organ requires input from the Hh pathway [ 2 ] .
5) when the midline defects are first detectable in both Shh -/-and Smo -/-embryos, but prior to any general retardation of growth and development [ 26 27 ] . In both Shh +/-and Smo +/- Ptc1 lacZ /+embryos, Ptc1 was detected in ventral neural tube, somites and lateral plate mesoderm (Figure 3e,i,m).
Bailey, personal communication; M. Brodsky, personal communication; [ 16]; E. De Gregorio personal communication; A. Tang, personal communication; and P. Tomancak, personal communication), which study five different experimental questions - aging, DNA-damage response, immune response, resistance to DDT, and embryonic development.
TN contributed image analysis and software expertise in method development.
IB and CCWK provided clinical expertise in method development, selected the clinical slides for testing the method and made independent drusen measurements by stereo pair grading for method validation.
We are hypothesizing that MMG can indicate the degree of muscle activation and therefore can be used to monitor the development of the muscle fatigue, in the same way the SEMG has been proved to do.
That is why the MMG is as valuable as SEMG in exploring not only peripheral fatigue, but also sensorimotor interaction and central intervention in the development of the muscular fatigue.
It brings additional evidence on the central fatigue and provides means of quantifying the fatigue development in the isometric exercise.
According to this study, the MMG signal can be used for indication of the degree of muscle activation and for monitoring the muscle fatigue development in the isometric contraction.
The rec12 mutants were proficient at meiosis and underwent two meiotic divisions as revealed by ascus development and the distribution of chromosomes.
However, each of the rec12 mutants exhibited a high frequency of chromosome segregation errors that were sometimes accompanied by defects in spore formation and/or ascus development (Figure 3B).
Funded primarily by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), DHS is administered by Macro International Inc. [ 20 ] . Low-income country governments and international organizations have long relied on DHS data to monitor a variety of child and maternal health and family planning indicators [ 21 ] . One of the most significant contributions of the DHS is the collection of internationally comparable data on the demographic and health characteristics of populations in developing countries [ 22 23 24 25 ] ..
JIL drafted the manuscript and assisted in the development of the analytical model; YN developed the model to estimate health benefits from energy savings; and JDS conceived of the original study and participated in design and coordination.
Both sources vary in terms of the validity and reliability of information on maternal pre- and gravid disease and pregnancy complications and require cautious interpretation of findings [ 25 26 27 ] . We believe that this has hampered a more complete interpretation of findings regarding the hazards of fish consumption on fetal development.
One frequently cited study reporting a negative association with Great Lakes fish consumption and birth size did not appear to include cigarette smoking in the model [ 4 ] as noted by at least one other author [ 42 ] . A few authors have noted that the fish consumption effect, despite being negatively associated with birth size, is small in comparison to other covariates important for fetal growth and development [ 12 24 ] , which is more in keeping with our findings.
Excessive and inappropriate use of antibiotics in hospitals, health care facilities and the community contributes to the development of bacterial resistance.
Selective pressure by antimicrobial drugs is by far the most important driving force for the development of such resistance.
It is preferable to keep the number of drugs per prescription as low as possible to minimize the risk of drug interactions, development of bacterial resistance and hospital costs [ 15 ] . We did not look at the co-prescribed drugs here, but concentrated only on antibiotics.
Prevention and control of the spread of antibiotic-resistant organisms will require increased adherence to basic infection control policies and procedures, incorporation of antimicrobial resistance strategies into institutional goals and development of a plan to deal with patients colonized with resistant organisms [ 23 ] .
Because of the latency in the development of cancer, it would not even be plausible to say that the 1996 data could explain only 1997 diagnoses.
Also, the ZIP code of residence at diagnosis is an inadequate descriptor of an individual's location during the development of cancer.
However, the precise mechanism of each of these genetic alterations in the multi-step pathway of cervical tumor development is largely unknown.
The development of CC is preceded by distinct morphological changes from normal epithelium to carcinoma through low-grade and high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (SILs).
Thus, deletions at 5p identified in high-grade CINs suggest that these genetic alterations occur prior to development of invasive carcinoma.
3 that harbor putative TSGs important in CC development providing a basis for their identification.
Based on the follow-up studies, we suggested that 5p genetic deletions might identify high-risk lesions for progression to invasive cancer [ 7 ] . In a more recent study it was also shown that the 5p deletions were significantly more frequent in dysplasias that were recurrent compared to non-recurrent dysplasias [ 9 ] . These data therefore suggest that 5p genetic alterations occur early in cervical carcinogenesis and they may be critical to the development of invasive cancer.
In addition, we have shown that the genetic deletions on 5p occur early during the development of CC in high-grade CIN lesions.
In addition to producing energy, mitochondria are involved in intermediary metabolism, ion homeostasis, synthesis of lipids, amino acids, and nucleotides, active transport processes, cell motility, and cell proliferation [ 1 2 3 4 ] . Recent developments also demonstrate that mitochondria are key regulators of programmed cell death [ 4 ] . Mitochondrial dysfunction is one of the most profound features of cancer cells.
Among genes that are up regulated in Rho 0cells p19 (INK4d), a cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor, is focally expressed during fetal development and plays a role in terminal differentiation [ 19 ] . Members of the group of INK proteins are involved in arresting cells in G1 phase of the cell cycle.
Another interesting feature in the expression profile of cells lacking mtDNA is the low expression of many genes that play a role in the development and maintenance of the nervous system [ 47 48 ] . Of particular interest is the gene that encodes neurotensin receptor I, a short peptide receptor for neurotensin that exerts neuromodulatory functions in the central nervous system and endocrine/paracrine actions in the periphery [ 49 ] . Neuromodulin is also involved in the growth and regeneration of axons, and in the elongation of axons as an axonal transport membrane protein [ 45 ] . Synuclein is expressed in the nervous tissues and mutations in this gene are associated with rare familial cases of early-onset Parkinson's disease [ 50 ] . Gamma synuclein is also involved in tumorigenesis [ 42 ] . PKC-g mutation has been shown to lead to neurodegeneration [ 51 ] . Dachshund, a putative transcription factor, plays a role in retinal development [ 52 ] . Huntingtin-interacting protein-2 is involved in the neurodegenerative Huntington disease [ 53 ] .
Another interesting feature in the expression profile of cells lacking mtDNA is the low expression of many genes that play a role in the development and maintenance of the nervous system [ 47 48 ] . Of particular interest is the gene that encodes neurotensin receptor I, a short peptide receptor for neurotensin that exerts neuromodulatory functions in the central nervous system and endocrine/paracrine actions in the periphery [ 49 ] . Neuromodulin is also involved in the growth and regeneration of axons, and in the elongation of axons as an axonal transport membrane protein [ 45 ] . Synuclein is expressed in the nervous tissues and mutations in this gene are associated with rare familial cases of early-onset Parkinson's disease [ 50 ] . Gamma synuclein is also involved in tumorigenesis [ 42 ] . PKC-g mutation has been shown to lead to neurodegeneration [ 51 ] . Dachshund, a putative transcription factor, plays a role in retinal development [ 52 ] . Huntingtin-interacting protein-2 is involved in the neurodegenerative Huntington disease [ 53 ] .
Promoter methylation has been well recognized as an important epigenetic change in the development of cancer [ 1 ] . Normally, CpG islands in the promoter regions of a number of genes are present in an unmethylated state [ 2 ] . Aberrant methylation of CpG islands in promoters is characteristic of several genes in cancer leading to loss of gene expression.
A unique feature of GCTs is their origin from germ cells at a stage in development where they undergo epigenetic reprogramming [ 6 13 ] . The absence of this epigenetic modification in SGCTs is consistent with their GC-like nature as previously noted [ 6 14 ] . On the other hand, the extensive promoter hypermethylation seen in NSGCTs suggests a mechanistic role in their potential for embryonal and extra-embryonal lineage differentiation [ 6 14 ] . Establishment of DNA methylation in the mammalian genome is controlled by at least three DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs), DNMT1 , DNMT3a and DNMT3b [ 15 ] . The role of these DNMTs in differential de novo methylation in SGCT vs.
Pax3 gene encodes a transcriptional factor important in early development program, while FKHR gene encodes another generic transcriptional factor that is widely expressed in mammalian tissues.
Ese-1/Esx is a member of the Ets transcription factor family and is expressed mainly in epithelial tissue [ 30 ] . Its expression has been detected during mammary gland development and breast tumorigenesis [ 47 48 ] . It is noteworthy that Ese-1/Esx is a potential transcriptional regulator of the TGFβ type II receptor [ 31 ] and overexpression of Ese-1/Esx in non-invasive cells leads to a reduction in cell growth in the presence of TGFβ, presumably because of an increased TGFβ type II receptor level [ 49 ] . It is interesting that TGFβ-dependent downregulation of Ese-1/Esx is not affected by SB-203580.
Converging evidence from epidemiological and molecular studies suggests that infection of genital human papillomavirus (HPV) is causally linked to the development of CC [ 4 ] . Since only a small fraction of HPV-infected cervical intra-epithelial neoplastic (CIN) lesions progress to invasive cancer, these studies further suggest that in addition to HPV, other host genetic factors play a role in cervical carcinogenesis [ 5 ] . A number of molecular studies have identified genetic alterations in these two histologic types of CC and at various stages of precursor lesions [ 6 7 8 ] . Despite this molecular characterization, the genetic basis of CC initiation and progression is still very poorly understood.
Epigenetic hypermethylation in the promoter regions of a number of genes has been recognized as an important change in the development of human cancer [ 9 ] . A growing number of cancer-related genes have been identified to harbor methylation of cytosine residues in CpG-rich promoter sequences.
7%) showed absent or reduced expression suggesting that CDH1 inactivation is a later event in CC development.
If confirmed, the down-regulated RARB expression in high-grade CINs suggests that this occurs early in progression and plays a role in the development of CC.
Genetic alterations play an important role in the development of CC [ 4 7 8 ] . Our extensive molecular analyses identified a number of specific genetic changes in invasive CC and its precursor lesions [ 6 14 15 16 17 18 19 ] . However, epigenetic alteration in cervical tumorigenesis is not well characterized [ 12 13 ] . In the present study, we identified an overall methylation in 87.
Therefore, these data indicate that the methylation of CDH1 gene is a late event in the development of CC.
These results support the tumor suppressor role of HIC1 and its inactivation by promoter methylation in CC may be a critical epigenetic change in tumor development.
Association of APC promoter methylation with MSI phonotype has been previously reported in endometrial cancer [ 45 ] . Although the significance of these results is currently unclear, we believe that inactivation of these genes by promoter methylation causes microsatellite instability and may contribute to the development of CC.
Thus, our data also suggest that epigenetic changes that accompany methylation are common in CC and play critical role in CC development.
This knowledge of epigenetic changes in CC may have implications in our understanding of the role they play in CC development.
The transcription factor NF-κB plays a critical role in controlling expression of downstream target genes in immune and inflammatory responses, development, and apoptosis [ 30 ] . Important advances have been made in understanding the signal transduction cascades that control NF-κB activation.
Studies have yet to resolve all the mechanisms of action of LC-PUFA, in particular the remarkable phenotypic differences between populations that consume different quantities of fish and fish oil in their diets [ 1 2 3 4 5 ] . Dietary LC-PUFA affect processes including: growth, neurological development, lean and fat mass accretion, reproduction, innate and acquired immunity, infectious pathologies of viruses, bacteria and parasites; and the incidence and severity of virtually all chronic and degenerative diseases including cancer, atherosclerosis, stroke, arthritis, diabetes, osteoporosis, and neurodegenerative, inflammatory, and skin diseases [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 ] . Due to lack of mechanistic knowledge, predictions for optimal intake of nutritionally important LC-PUFA remain vague and dietary recommendations simply relate to prevention of overt deficiency.
This has been associated with selective retention and/or elimination of synapses that are transiently overproduced during memory consolidation [ 89 ] . In rat hippocampus, during development, PKCδ can negatively regulate polysialyltransferase activity and neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM) polysialylation state [ 89 ] . NCAM is implicated in neural differentiation and cellular plasticity [ 90 ] . Our observed decrease in Prkcd expression may have affected hippocampal polysialyltransferase activity.
Lipid and lipoprotein abnormalities play a major role in the development and progression of coronary artery disease.
However, the development of DNA microarray technology, which allows rapid interrogation of thousands of genes and the detection of gene expression at frequencies even less than 1 in 100,000, has now greatly facilitated such experimentation [ 32 33 ] . This communication represents our initial efforts to use DNA microarrays in a reductionist approach to begin to identify the genes expressed as a consequence of triggering each individual ligand during lymphocyte activation.
Several signaling events, including the activation of Jak kinases 1 and 3 are shared among the 'common γ chain' cytokines [ 50 ] . Other signaling events, such as the activation of Shc, Gab2, SHP-2 and MAPK, are shared among IL-2 and 15, but not the other common γ chain cytokine receptors, and Tyr 388 of IL-2Rβ appears critical for these events [ 51 ] . Despite these signaling similarities, it is clear that the biological properties of IL-2 are unique among the common γ chain cytokines, as the other cytokines cannot compensate for IL-2 in the IL-2 knockout mouse [ 52 ] . In addition, IL-15 appears uniquely critical for the development of NK cells, as evidenced by the phenotypes of IL-15 [ 53 ] and IL-15R α [ 54 ] deficient mice.
Current clinical guidelines [ 5 ] call for persons infected with HIV to take a combination of antiretroviral medications to decrease viral load, maintain immune cell function, and prevent the development of resistant viral strains.
New developments in the treatment of HIV have produced dramatic improvements in the clinical and immunologic health for many patients, with a resulting reduction in deaths due to AIDS in the United States.
Estrogenic steroids regulate cellular function in a wide variety of tissues [ 1 ] . During human pregnancy, the production of 17-beta-estradiol (E2) rises eighty fold, from 0.75 nM preovulatory peak to 60 nM at term [ 2 3 4 5 ] , and estrogens influence various aspects of placental function and fetal development in humans and primates [ 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ] . Several previous studies have shown that human placenta binds estradiol [ 13 14 15 ] . However, more recent immunohistochemical studies on paraffin-embedded or snap frozen sections as well as other techniques (RT-PCR for ER-alpha mRNA) failed to demonstrate estrogen receptor alpha (ERα) in human placentae during pregnancy or in cultures of dispersed placental cells [ 16 17 ] . However, it has been indicated that the failure to detect the ERα does not entirely preclude the presence of this receptor in human trophoblast cells, but might be attributed to a relatively low number and density of ERα molecules on these cells [ 17 ] . On the other hand, Billiar et al.
For the purpose of statistical analysis in this study, the PT1 and PT2 placentae were coupled, since they can be considered as normal placentae capable of responding and fulfilling the demands of the growing fetus by compensatory villous development or expansion of existing mature villi [ 30 ] . They were compared with placental types showing moderate and severe abnormality (coupled PT3 and PT4).
This correlated with poor development of syncytial aggregates.
Yet, ERα at mid-pregnancy levels further stimulated syncytium development, as evidenced by the development of extremely large syncytial aggregates in late cultures from normal placentae, and development of large syncytial aggregates in cultures from abnormal placentae.
Yet, ERα at mid-pregnancy levels further stimulated syncytium development, as evidenced by the development of extremely large syncytial aggregates in late cultures from normal placentae, and development of large syncytial aggregates in cultures from abnormal placentae.
Yet, ERα at mid-pregnancy levels further stimulated syncytium development, as evidenced by the development of extremely large syncytial aggregates in late cultures from normal placentae, and development of large syncytial aggregates in cultures from abnormal placentae.
However, it is important to note that pharmacological levels of E2 (200 nM) have been found to suppress development of syncytial aggregates even in cultures derived from normal placentae (unpublished data).
The rate of reproductive development and the onset of fertility are influenced by an array of environmental factors that can be broadly grouped as physical, nutritional, and social [ 1 ] . Chief among social cues in mammals are priming pheromones that can retard or accelerate sexual development within constraints of factors such as photoperiod and nutritional status of the individual.
The rate of reproductive development and the onset of fertility are influenced by an array of environmental factors that can be broadly grouped as physical, nutritional, and social [ 1 ] . Chief among social cues in mammals are priming pheromones that can retard or accelerate sexual development within constraints of factors such as photoperiod and nutritional status of the individual.
The 90 day old group provided baseline data for assessment of development in both unexposed and exposed animals.
This study demonstrates that exposure of juvenile females to pheromone from a single source, the male suprasternal gland, accelerates ovarian follicular development and first estrus.
As in the majority of mammalian species, successful embryonic development in the pig requires temporally and spatially specific gene expression essential to placental and embryonic differentiation during early gestation.
Expressing the appropriate transcripts during development of the pig conceptus is essential for expansion of the trophoblast and placental attachment to the uterine surface.
Prenatal mortality in the pig ranges from 20% to 46% by term [ 1 ] , the majority of which occurs during peri-implantation conceptus development [ 2 ] . The peri-implantation period is the most critical stage of conceptus development as a rapid morphological transformation of the trophoblast occurs just prior to conceptus attachment to the uterine surface [ 3 ] . Rapid transformation of the trophoblast, termed trophoblastic elongation, occurs during days 11 to 12 of gestation.
Prenatal mortality in the pig ranges from 20% to 46% by term [ 1 ] , the majority of which occurs during peri-implantation conceptus development [ 2 ] . The peri-implantation period is the most critical stage of conceptus development as a rapid morphological transformation of the trophoblast occurs just prior to conceptus attachment to the uterine surface [ 3 ] . Rapid transformation of the trophoblast, termed trophoblastic elongation, occurs during days 11 to 12 of gestation.
It has been estimated that approximately 10,000 genes must be appropriately expressed for successful pre-implantation and early fetal development [ 7 ] . A number of mRNAs hypothesized to be involved with early porcine conceptus development have been evaluated.
It has been estimated that approximately 10,000 genes must be appropriately expressed for successful pre-implantation and early fetal development [ 7 ] . A number of mRNAs hypothesized to be involved with early porcine conceptus development have been evaluated.
[ 8 ] characterized gene expression for retinoic acid receptors (RAR) α, β and γ as well as retinal binding proteins (RBP) during early porcine conceptus development and trophoblast elongation.
Due to the limited time frame when conceptuses are in tubular transitional development (2-3 hrs) and difficulty in determining when tubular conceptuses are in the uterus following mating, one uterine horn was removed on day 11.
However, given that gilt, as a random effect, did not significantly alter the variation due to the model and not all gilts were represented across all stages of development, gilt was deleted from the model.
During early porcine development a rapid morphological transformation of the conceptus from a spherical (9-10 mm) to filamentous (> 150 mm) morphology is required to establish adequate placenta to uterine contact necessary for survival [ 2 ] . Characterization of the specific subset of genes regulating peri-implantation conceptus development and trophoblastic elongation in the pig provides valuable information concerning key developmental events essential to embryonic survival after trophoblastic elongation [ 1 ] .
During early porcine development a rapid morphological transformation of the conceptus from a spherical (9-10 mm) to filamentous (> 150 mm) morphology is required to establish adequate placenta to uterine contact necessary for survival [ 2 ] . Characterization of the specific subset of genes regulating peri-implantation conceptus development and trophoblastic elongation in the pig provides valuable information concerning key developmental events essential to embryonic survival after trophoblastic elongation [ 1 ] .
Previous information regarding genes critical to development in early pig pregnancy is limited.
However, MPS-1 gene expression needs to be quantitatively analyzed across the stages of conceptus development.
Given the substantial increase in gene expression and temporal relationship to conceptus development, OSU-T1-50 may play an important role in trophoblastic elongation.
Future studies will attempt to identify the gene and its translated protein to determine the biological function during conceptus development.
SAHH may have significant impact on the conceptuses ability to use folates during this transitional stage of development.
Addition of an inhibitor to SAHH, 3-deazaaristeromycin, inhibits inner cell mass proliferation and differentiation during in vitro development of non-mutant embryos [ 28 ] .
As in other species, SAHH is likely a biological regulator of the SAM/SAH ratio controlling the occurrence of transmethylation reactions to the degree of which they are necessary for successful porcine conceptus development.
Advanced conceptuses, those that elongate first, have a much greater advantage with regards to acquiring ample placental:uterine contact and also limit the available uterine capacity for those conceptuses lagging in development [ 2 ] . While gene expression for SAHH was present at all stages evaluated, an approximate 7-fold increase in relative expression for this transcript over a 2-3 hour time period is noteworthy.
Increased SAHH expression by advanced conceptuses suggests there would also be increased homocysteine released into the uterine lumen that may have an embryo-toxic effect on neighboring conceptuses lagging in development.
Gene expression changes for HSC70 during early development have previously been associated with neurulation in Xenopus [ 29 ] and chick [ 30 ] embryos.
Negative mutations of HSC70 in the nervous system of Drosophila larvae resulted in both developmental defects and lethality [ 31 ] . The increased HSC70 gene expression during trophoblastic elongation is temporally associated with neural tube development in pig conceptuses.
The egg is a transcriptionally inactive cell and as such is a storehouse of maternal proteins and mRNA required for fertilization and the initiation of zygotic development.
HSP70 is one of the first genes to be expressed following zygotic gene activation in the two-cell mouse embryo [ 38 39 40 ] and appears to play a role in developmental processes in a number of species [ 50 51 52 53 ] . Endogenous HSP90 has also been implicated in developmental regulation in the mouse [ 52 ] , and GRP78 is described as having a stress-response function during avian development [ 54 ] . Activation of the zygotic genome initiates an accumulation of embryonic transcripts in the early two-cell embryo, and this likely requires machinery to ensure the accurate translation and folding of nascent proteins.
During development, selective cell death by apoptosis becomes crucial, and chaperone molecules in the egg may play a role in later apoptotic events.
Voltage-gated K +channels in non-nerve, non-muscle cells play crucial roles in cell development, proliferation, migration, volume regulation, as well as maintenance of membrane potential and cell viability.
Table 1lists the classical and non-classical estrogen sensitive tissues and cells [ 1 ] . Although several previous studies have shown that human placenta binds estradiol (E2) [ 2 3 4 ] , and estrogens influence various aspects of placental function and fetal development in humans and primates [ 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ] , the placenta as a target for estrogens is missing.
A recent study of βERKO mice has shown that ERβ is not required for the normal prepubertal development of the mammary gland but for organization and adhesion of epithelial cells during pregnancy and hence for differentiated tissue morphology [ 23 ] . These observations indicate a possibility of complementary (sequential) roles of ERα and ERβ, since ERα appears to be required for the basic development of estrogen sensitive tissues and ERβ seems to be required for their functional maturation.
A recent study of βERKO mice has shown that ERβ is not required for the normal prepubertal development of the mammary gland but for organization and adhesion of epithelial cells during pregnancy and hence for differentiated tissue morphology [ 23 ] . These observations indicate a possibility of complementary (sequential) roles of ERα and ERβ, since ERα appears to be required for the basic development of estrogen sensitive tissues and ERβ seems to be required for their functional maturation.
Development of mature ST aggregates (m, panel C) was associated with gradual diminution of nuclear staining (solid > white arrows), but persisting cytoplasmic ERβ immunoreactivity.
We recently showed that exogenous E2 markedly stimulates development of large syncytial aggregates in trophoblast cultures [ 15 ] . We also observed that this effect can be abolished with pure anti-estrogen ICI 182,780 (unpublished data).
Other LIF effects that may influence the stress response through actions in the rodent nervous system are a LIF induced increase in acetylcholine [ 20 ] and LIF induced decreases in neuropeptide Y and tyrosine hydroxylase [ 21 ] . LIFR:gp130 signaling has strong effects in systems peripheral to but influenced by the HPA including reproductive, skeletal, nervous, neuromuscular, cardiovascular, hematopoietic, immune and metabolic systems, with influences on both development and adult homeostasis [for reviews see [ 7 22 23 24 25 26 27 ] ].
This study explores the effect of alteration of the GC environment during late gestation, with the expectation that suppression of GC effects will improve the LIFR null newborn phenotype and identify LIFR as an obligatory player in concert with the maternal GC surge during late gestation development.
RU486 administration during late gestation results in improved development of bone, skeletal muscle, and glial cells in LIFR null fetuses.
Within litter Lifr +/+ and +/- pups served as controls since there has been no detectable gene dose effect between Lifr +/+ and +/- at this stage of development.
Thus, the impact of maternal adrenalectomy on the fetuses appeared to have a selective negative effect on the development of the Lifr -/- pups.
Ordinarily very few GFAP positive cells are seen at this stage of development in wild type animals, making detection of GFAP positive cells dependent on particular spinal cord section viewed.
Lung development in all the pups looked normal as viewed on H&E stained thin sections.
Maternal adrenalectomy worsens the osteopenia, while maternal hormone suppression through RU486 improves the presumed GC related phenotypes: osteopenia, skeletal muscle integrity and glial development.
The survival of Lifr -/- pups following RU486 treatment was similar to the phenotype seen in CNTFR null mice where neuronal development was disrupted which disallowed suckling [ 40 ] . This indicates that at least some of the problems encountered with neuronal development that affect normal suckling were not ameliorated by RU486.
The survival of Lifr -/- pups following RU486 treatment was similar to the phenotype seen in CNTFR null mice where neuronal development was disrupted which disallowed suckling [ 40 ] . This indicates that at least some of the problems encountered with neuronal development that affect normal suckling were not ameliorated by RU486.
Excess GC activity due to LIFR loss is an unexpected result since LIF gain-of-function mice develop a Cushing's-like syndrome [ 29 30 ] . Thus, if the relationship were simple, loss of LIFR function would predict development of GC insufficiency.
A primary function of this surge is to allow development to switch from growth to maturation of a number of systems that will allow the pup to survive on separation from the mother.
In addition, the maternal GC surge effectively leads to fetal glycogen accumulation in the liver for energy demands at birth, increased fetal bioavailable tri-iodothyronine from thyroxine to allow for an increased metabolic rate and thermogenesis required at birth, maturation of the fetal small gut to prepare for digestion, heightened fetal adrenal medullar catecholamine release for control of the above processes, maturation of fetal kidney function and a switch to bone marrow hematopoiesis from the fetal liver [reviewed by [ 41 ] ]. The timing of this maternal surge suggests that LIFR function is required at this point in development as a moderator of the consequences of excess GC level.
In addition, a progesterone receptor knockout mouse model affects only female mice with reported effects limited to organs of reproduction causing anovulation, uterine hyperplasia and inflammation, limited mammary development and impaired sexual behavior [ 58 ] . There was no noticeable difference in phenotype in the Lifr -/- pups due to gender following any of the treatments (data not shown).
5 [ 61 ] . This suggests that the effect of gp130 knockout on cardiac development is mediated outside of cardiac tissue and the primary developmental defect is peripheral to the heart.
Given the improvement in skeletal muscle noted in this study following RU486, it would be reasonable to explore a central HPA defect following gp130 loss as the mediator of hypotrophic cardiac development.
LIF and CNTF stimulate muscle regeneration in vivo [ 62 63 ] , as do other growth factors; such as insulin-like growth factor [ 64 65 ] . The power of LIF to regenerate muscle is seen in dystrophin null mdx mice, where exogenous LIF regenerates atrophied diaphragm muscle [ 66 ] . LIF induced signaling appears to be essential in muscle development as seen by muscle atrophy in the absence of LIFR on E18.
LIF is also responsible for increased GFAP expression [ 69 ] , while signaling through LIFR:gp130 is critical in fostering the differentiation of neuronal precursors into astrocytes [ 70 ] mediated through STAT3 [ 71 72 73 74 ] . Glial cells respond to GC, which, in turn, can affect transcriptional control of GFAP level either positively or negatively [ 74 ] . The present study shows that GC's can play a critical role in hindering astrocyte development in the absence of LIFR as seen through the partial abrogation of this defect following exposure to RU486 in Lifr -/- mice.
RU486 crosses the blood-brain-barrier and is present at only 28% of levels seen in the serum [ 75 ] . Perhaps glial development would be further improved in the presence of higher levels of RU486 were these levels not abortive.
This indicates that the improvement due to RU486 is implemented through modest alteration in GC regulation since complete loss of GR function leads to incomplete lung development at birth and impaired survival through atelectasis [ 77 ] . The neural compartment may have been under-protected by RU486 due to partial exclusion by the blood-brain-barrier, while bone and skeletal muscle, tissues exposed to higher levels of RU486, were clearly protected.
These results indicate that signaling through LIFR utilizing the LIFR:gp130 heterodimer is essential for an appropriate GC response during development.
LHR immunoreactivity in porcine fallopian tubes was confined to the epithelium and smooth muscle cells, and in vitro LH treatment caused relaxation of the oviduct [ 35 ] . Also, LHR stimulation plays a role in the induction and maintenance of myometrial quiescence [ 36 37 38 ] . Since smooth muscles belong among important compartments of the pelvic floor, high LH levels after menopause might be involved in the increased incidence of pelvic floor disorders, a common condition in postmenopausal women [ 39 ] . Since the brain was reported to express functional LHR [ 29 30 ] , there is also a possibility that high LH levels in aging individuals may in some way participate in the development and progression of neurodegenerative process of several degenerative neurological diseases, including Alzheimer's disease.
With respect to the follicular and luteal development, porcine ovaries were macroscopically classified as follows: Early/mid follicular - medium sized antral follicles (3-5 mm) accompanied by shrinking fibrous corpora lutea of similar size; late follicular - large antral follicles (>5 mm) not accompanied by any luteal tissue; early/ mid luteal - large corpora lutea (~10 mm) characterized by yellowish color; and late luteal - CL of diminishing size (~7 mm) with massive bleeding into the central cavity (bluish color) and no accompanying follicles.
Early luteal development (fresh CL) was associated with very strong cytoplasmic LHR immunostaining of granulosa lutein cells migrating into the follicular cavity (gl, Fig.
4), which contain LHR+ CL at various stages of development and regression, and developing and mature preovulatory follicles.
Yet, elevated maternal mid-trimester chorionic gonadotropin is associated with fetal cerebral blood flow redistribution and adverse perinatal outcome [ 63 ] . In addition, estrogens, which are known to cause a diminution of high LH levels in postmenopausal women, have been reported to be effective in the prevention and treatment of Alzheimer's disease [ 72 73 74 ] . Microglia belong among cells of the mononuclear phagocyte system [ 75 ] . Since CG increases secretion of a variety of cytokines by monocytes, and induces their inflammatory reaction and phagocytic activity [ 76 77 78 79 ] , high LH levels in aging individuals may also activate resident macrophages in the central nervous system and contribute to the development of Alzheimer's disease and other inflammation-mediated neurodegenerative diseases.
Abnormal placental LHR expression may play a role in the development of abnormal pregnancy and fetal outcome, and expression of LHR in the pelvic floor compartments suggests that high LH levels in postmenopausal women may contribute to pelvic floor relaxation and increased incidence of pelvic floor disorders.
High LH levels in aging individuals may also participate in the development of inflammation-mediated neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's disease.
That maternal undernutrition can affect fetal ovarian development has been documented [ 1 ] . Experiments using the sheep as a paradigm indicate that meiotic maturation of germ cells is delayed by feed restriction [ 2 3 ] ; putative molecular mechanisms which mediate this effect are unknown.
The corpus luteum provides steroid hormonal support essential for the establishment and maintenance of early pregnancy [ 8 9 ] . Follicles undergo cycles of antral development and atresia throughout gestation [ 10 11 12 ] .
Unlike males, which continue to generate sperm cells by mitosis throughout their reproductive lives, mammalian females are generally born with their full complement of (meiotic) gametes [ 30 ] . The normal chronology of ovarian development follows a definitive pattern.
While cellular proliferation is a generic feature of normal germline development, so is programmed physiological death.
In the GC, BMP-2 mRNA is expressed in a precise manner, indicating that gene activity is regulated during follicle development.
This indicates that the GC become functionally diverse very early in follicle development, i.e. about the time the follicle has two layers of GC.
As the follicle undergoes its development to the preovulatory stage (i.e.
This finding is consistent with the intriguing idea that the theca may begin to develop very early in preantral folliculogenesis, i.e. during the initial steps of primary follicle development.
This loss of BMP-6 mRNA became evident soon after selection at E 0200 h, and continued through dominant follicle development.
As follicle development proceeded, the expression of BMP-15 mRNA increased dramatically and very high near maximal levels were seen after the third layer of GC had formed (Fig.
In the early stages of primary follicle development the levels of BMPR-IA mRNA in the oocyte increased and were maximal in late preantral follicles (Fig.
During the development of the dominant follicle, BMPR-IA mRNA was abundantly expressed but the signal appeared weaker than in the secondary follicles (Fig.
One of the most important concepts generated in the ovary BMP field is that oocyte derived GDF-9 [ 14 ] plays a role in the mechanisms governing the development of the second layer of GC i.e. the primary /secondary follicle transition.
One interesting implication of our BMP-2 data is that the GC have already attained different states of differentiation by the early stages of secondary follicle development Based on previous work [ 32 33 ] , it is not unreasonable to propose that oocyte morphogens may have control over GC fate beginning as early as the primary/secondary follicle transition.
First, we found that the genes encoding the BMP receptors (BMPR-IA, -IB, -II) are highly expressed in the DF throughout its course of development.
Finally, with regard to FSH action, FS has been shown to neutralize the bioactivity of the FSH inhibitor, BMP-15 [ 39 ] . It is possible, therefore, that the strong expression of FS by the DF may serve to modulate BMP-15 action such that sufficient FSH receptors are expressed in the GC to permit the development of a preovulatory follicle.
First, the classical view of CL development is that luteinization is inhibited by oocyte-derived luteinization inhibitors [ 32 40 41 ] , two of which have been identified as BMP-6 and -15 [ 8 12 ] . Therefore, the loss of oocyte BMP-6 and -15 at ovulation undoubtedly plays an especially prominent role in activating luteinization.
Further characterization of potential CAR cofactors, as well as the development of sensitive and direct ligand binding assays will be required to define the molecular mechanisms that account for the diverse effects of rexinoids on CAR transactivation.
Steroid hormone receptors (SHRs) are members of a family of ligand-activated transcription factors that regulate many biological processes, including metabolism, reproduction, and development.
The JAK/STAT signaling pathway is involved in many cytokines, hormones, and growth factors mediated signaling pathways to regulate a variety of biological responses, including development, cell differentiation, proliferation and survival [ 7 8 ] . Once STAT proteins are activated by tyrosine-phosphorylation, form homo or heterodimers that are translocated to the nucleus, where they can bind to specific sequences in the DNA, thereby stimulating gene transcription.
Activation of AR is a driving force in development and progression of prostate cancer.
In models for the risk factors, it may be inappropriate to combine height and weight as the BMI [ 14 ] . From the standpoint of CHD events, it may be more risky for shorter individuals to gain weight than for taller individuals because coronary artery diameter is likely to be higher in taller subjects [ 15 ] . By contrast, the risk of diabetes may be less dependent on height; persisting energy imbalances may lead to similar outcomes in terms of the development of insulin resistance.
This paper analyzed the effects of risk factors such as smoking, weight, HDL, LDL, and blood pressure for the development of chronic condition diabetes and CHD events using data from the FOS.
Early in female development, one of the two X chromosomes in each cell undergoes an ordered process of inactivation, with subsequent silencing of most genes on the inactive X chromosome [ 8].
X inactivation occurs at a very early time point in development, and thus the results in one tissue should reflect the general situation in the rest of the body.
This could be a chance event, or it may result from selection for certain X-linked alleles during embryonic development, as has been described in carriers of X-linked immunodeficiencies [ 17].
Early in female development, one of the two X chromosomes in each cell undergoes an ordered process of inactivation, with subsequent silencing of most genes on the inactive X chromosome [ 8].
X inactivation occurs at a very early time point in development, and thus the results in one tissue should reflect the general situation in the rest of the body.
This could be a chance event, or may result from selection for certain X-linked alleles during embryonic development, as has been described in carriers of X-linked immunodeficiencies [ 17].
The correlation between the expression of these two markers therefore suggests the possibility that CCR6 may play a role in the development of aggregates of CD4 +T cells that are characteristically found in rheumatoid synovium.
The correlation between the expression of these two markers therefore suggests the possibility that CCR6 might play a role in the development of aggregates of CD4 +T cells that are characteristically found in rheumatoid synovium.
Cultures supplemented with a mixture of 100 nmol dexamethasone, 0.05 mmol ascorbic acid-2-phosphate, and 10 mmol β-glycerophosphate (conditions that favor the development of osteoblasts) developed only round or cuboidal cells, and not fibroblast-like ones (Fig.
Recent studies [ 32] have suggested that there is an intrinsic defect in the development of IL-4-producing effector cells in RA patients.
MCP-1 has been shown to play an important role in the development of arthritis in MRL-lpr mice [ 22], whereas the migration of monocytes into inflammatory sites was reduced in the CCR2-deficient mouse [ 23].
Similar clonal development of antibody VH genes has been demonstrated in the SM in RA patients [ 11, 12, 13, 14, 15] and in reactive arthritis (ReA) patients [ 16].
Recombinant human interleukin-11 (rhIL-11) is a pleiotropic cytokine that regulates the growth and development of hematopoietic stem cells and decreases the proinflammatory mediators of cytokine and nitric oxide production [ 1].
The cause of SSc is unknown but the early stage is characterized by a dense mononuclear cell infiltrate in tissues, suggesting that activation of the immune system results in the development of tissue fibrosis [ 3, 4].
The clinical observation that sexual dimorphism plays a role in the immune response suggests that the endocrine system is an important factor for the development and maintenance of the response.
Although it is arguable that our series of patients, not being a representative sample, is unsuitable for evaluation of the frequency of RAD in patients with hypogonadism, we investigated RAD only in those who had not been treated for their hypogonadism, to avoid the possibility that androgen replacement had interfered with the development of RAD [ 30, 31].
The development of RAD only in those patients with severe testicular dysfunction suggests that such dysfunction is one endogenous factor that predisposes to the development of RAD.
Despite the increased odds ratio for the development of SLE in such patients, the confidence interval was very wide, suggesting that other factors in addition to hormonal and genetic alterations affect the development of SLE in these patients.
Despite the increased odds ratio for the development of SLE in such patients, the confidence interval was very wide, suggesting that other factors in addition to hormonal and genetic alterations affect the development of SLE in these patients.
The development of dermatomyositis and JRA was higher in our patients than in the general population (
If our argument is correct, low serum testosterone levels favor the development of RAD in the hypogonadic male patient, while in the normogonadic male who develops RAD (mainly in RA) the decrease of testosterone serum levels is due to an increase in its metabolism for the activated immune system, with the subsequent elevation of E 2 . These differences could also explain the low or almost null association of RA and hypogonadism [ 13].
We chose this data baseline because it represents a large number of genes that may be expressed during development and again during disease pathology.
Tenascin, an adhesion molecule that is expressed during cartilage development [ 45], was induced by IL-1β in SW1353 cells (Table 2, panel C).
Interestingly, jagged-1 is important for epithelial-mesenchymal cell interaction in development [ 50], and mutations in the jagged gene lead to Alagille syndrome, a congenital connective tissue disorder whose hallmarks include craniofacial and vertebral deformities [ 51].
We have found that the development of PG-specific antibodies correlates with the development of arthritis, and that PG-specific autoantibodies increase the severity of disease.
We have found that the development of PG-specific antibodies correlates with the development of arthritis, and that PG-specific autoantibodies increase the severity of disease.
The correlation between PG-specific autoantibody isotype and development of arthritis suggests a pathological role for IgG2a isotype in disease.
While the disease is generally assumed to be age related, there is evidence that health risk behaviors that might be potentially modifiable are involved in its development [ 1, 2].
Antecedent infection with many different microbes is often associated with the development of autoimmune disease in humans, but the pathogenic mechanisms involved, if any, are unknown.
Experimental arthritis models have contributed to the basic understanding of joint disease and to the development of effective antiarthritic agents [ 19 ] . Several models have been used to mimic human RA, ranging from immunization with cartilage components to infection with joint trophic organisms [ 20 21 ] . Blocking TNF-α [ 6 22 ] or IL-1 [ 23 24 ] in these models has routinely shown benefit, although some questions remain regarding the role of these cytokines in mitigating joint inflammation versus preventing cartilage degradation and bone erosion [ 25 ] .
In animal models of arthritis, systemic treatment with IL-10 and adenovirus-mediated transfer of viral IL-10 moderately suppresses the development of arthritis, but is significantly more effective when combined with IL-4 [ 19 20 21 22 23 24 ] . The evidence for the importance of IL-10 is further supported by the fact that in vivo anti-IL-10 treatment accelerates disease in collagen-induced arthritis (CIA) [ 22 ] .
To address the effects of complete elimination of IL-10 in vivo on the development of CIA and to understand the mechanism responsible for IL-10 regulation, we examined the development of arthritis in homozygous IL-10 -/-IL-10-deficient mice.
To address the effects of complete elimination of IL-10 in vivo on the development of CIA and to understand the mechanism responsible for IL-10 regulation, we examined the development of arthritis in homozygous IL-10 -/-IL-10-deficient mice.
To determine whether IL-10 functions as an endogenous inhibitor of inflammatory arthritis, we examined the development of disease using the CIA model.
In addition to the cellular immune response, anticollagen antibodies are required for the development of arthritis.
Considering the tremendous morbidity and cost of metabolic bone diseases [ 3 ] , improving our molecular understanding of osteoclast development and function is critical towards the design of therapies to combat these prevalent diseases.
It is probable that signals such as IFN-γ will be interpreted differently by precursors at various stages of development, with consequent effects on disease.
Recently, a subset of CD4 +T cells was identified that is present on 5-10% of CD4 +T cells in normal naïve mice and expresses CD25 (the α-chain of IL-2 receptor) [ 4 5 ] . Functional analysis of murine CD4 +CD25 +T cells showed that those cells, which constitutively express cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen (CTLA)-4 [ 6 7 8 ] , fail to proliferate or secret cytokines in response to polyclonal or antigen-specific stimulation, but inhibit the activation of conventional responsive T cells [ 1 2 3 8 9 ] . The suppressive activity of the CD4 +CD25 +T cells depends on signaling via the negative regulator of T-cell activation CTLA-4 [ 7 ] and requires a cell-cell interaction that possibly involves cell surface bound transforming growth factor (TGF)-β 1 [ 1 10 ] . It has been shown that B7/CD28 costimulation is essential for the development and homeostasis of the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells [ 6 ] , which play critical roles not only in preventing autoimmunity but also in controlling tumor immunity and transplantation tolerance [ 2 11 ] .
Proteoglycan-induced arthritis (PGIA) is a novel autoimmune murine model that is induced by systemic immunization of BALB/c mice with cartilage proteoglycans [ 12 13 ] . The development of PGIA is based on the cross-reactive immune response between immunizing human and mouse (self) cartilage proteoglycans in genetically susceptible BALB/c mice [ 12 13 ] . Several lines of evidence indicate T-cell involvement in the pathogenesis of PGIA.
In order to determine whether CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells play a role in the development of PGIA, we monitored the CD4 +CD25 +-expressing regulatory T cells in mice with PGIA during an entire immunization period.
We also transferred purified CD4 +CD25 +T cells from naïve BALB/c mice together with spleen cells from arthritic animals, or alternatively transferred CD4 +CD25 +-depleted spleen cells from arthritic animals into SCID mice, and then monitored disease development in SCID mice.
Our data suggest that the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells might not be essential for controlling the development of PGIA.
Lack of correlation between development of arthritis and expression of CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells in PGIA
This observation suggests that the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells might not be involved in the development of PGIA.
Although it has been shown that the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells can suppress the development of autoimmunity, a recent report [ 27 ] demonstrated that depletion of the CD4 +CD25 +T cells is necessary but not sufficient for induction of autoimmune gastritis.
Note that we used different ratios of the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells to the effector cells, and we did not observe any suppression of arthritis development.
3d, right panel), which is consistent with a recent report that the effective function of the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells is T-cell receptor (TCR) specific [ 28 ] . Collectively, our data suggest that the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells may not be involved in the development of PGIA.
To investigate whether a deficiency in the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells may lead to an increase in the development of PGIA, we immunized wild-type and CD28-deficient BALB/c mice with proteoglycan, and disease incidence was monitored.
These data suggest that the CD4 +CD25 +cells may not be involved in the development of PGIA.
No suppression of development of PGIA in SCID mice was observed.
Taken together, our data suggest that the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells may not regulate the development of PGIA.
In induced models of autoimmunity, the CD28-B7 interaction has been shown to regulate disease susceptibility by rendering autoreactive T cells anergic, or alternatively by upregulating the threshold for autoreactive T-cell activation [ 30 ] . Furthermore, we previously showed that impaired Fas-mediated activation-induced cell death (AICD) of autoreactive T-helper-1 cells may be responsible for the development of PGIA [ 20 ] . Therefore, AICD and/or T-cell anergy, but not the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells, may be responsible for deletion or inactivation of autoreactive T cells in autoimmune arthritis.
Our results showed that the percentage of the CD4 +CD25 +regulatory T cells does not change during the development of PGIA.
During normal B cell development, the processes of gene segment recombination and coding end processing yield nucleotide HCDR3 lengths that are characteristic and virtually invariant for an individual B-cell clone.
Although our results do not preclude the development of gene therapy approaches to express regulated TGF-β1 systemically to downmodulate the immune response, the results suggest that any clinical application of local TGF-β1 gene transfer should proceed with caution.
Smoking is known to be associated with production of RF [ 6 16 20 ] ; RF production, in turn, often precedes the development of clinical disease [ 12 16 ] . Furthermore, it appears to be independent of HLA-DR restricted immune response [ 13 ] . In our study, we found that this paradigm held well for men but not women.
Development of antibodies to DEK could even be a primary event in the pathogenesis of JRA, with disruption of nuclear events due to penetration of anti-DEK antibodies into living cells [ 35 ] . It remains to be determined whether anti-DEK antibodies are directly involved in the pathogenesis of autoimmune disease, or if they result from generally enhanced immunoreactivity.
Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) has been implicated in the development and pathogenicity of infectious diseases and autoimmune disorders, such as septic shock, arthritis, and hypotension [ 1 2 3 4 ] . It plays a pivotal role in the inflammatory cascade and, together with IL-1 and IL-6, has been shown to mediate the acute-phase response [ 5 6 ] . Confirmation of its significance in disease comes from the success of clinical trials using anti-TNF therapy to treat rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn's disease [ 7 8 9 10 ] .
Early work by Carballo and colleagues [ 38 ] showed the importance of macrophages, not lymphocytes, in the development of the phenotype associated with TTP deficiency.
TNF is a predominant proinflammatory cytokine, particularly in sepsis and chronic inflammatory disorders suggesting that the role of its negative regulator, TTP, may be of functional importance in the development and pathogenesis of disease.
In conclusion, we have provided evidence that active MMP-2 complexes are detectable in the inflamed RA synovium and may be involved in the development of early bony erosions.
Although the pathologic processes that underlie the development of erosions are incompletely understood, a considerable body of evidence has suggested that a pannus of cells that originate in chronically inflamed, proliferative synovial tissue becomes locally invasive, and enzymatically degrades the matrix of the articular cartilage and periarticular bone [ 4].
Overall, the present observations suggest an association between the presence of active synovial gelatinases and the early development of erosive articular damage.
In the present study we provided evidence that active MMP-2 complexes are expressed in the synovium and may be involved in the development of bony erosions.
Although the etiologies and pathologies of RA and OA differ, it is clear that in both of these diseases pro-inflammatory cytokines are present, resulting in an inflammatory state as well as cartilage degradation [ 14 ] . As further evidence for the role of pro-inflammatory cytokines in RA, anti-tumor necrosis factor-α (anti-TNF-α) and anti-interleukin 1 (anti-IL-1) therapies can reduce inflammation and retard the progression of disease as assessed radiographically [ 15 16 ] . However, side-effects with these approaches, such as the development of lymphomas in patients using anti-TNF-α therapies, demonstrate that alternative therapies are needed [ 17 ] .
Naturally occurring triterpenoids, such as ursolic acid, have been found to have mild anti-inflammatory effects [ 18 27 ] . These have been improved with the development of synthetic triterpenoids such as CDDO, offering a potential therapeutic tool for the treatment of arthritis and other diseases [ 19 20 21 ] . Furthermore, it has been reported that CDDO at high doses (5-10 μM) can have pro-apoptotic effects, ideal for the treatment of leukemia but of concern with regard to chondrocyte cell death [ 25 26 ] . However, we found that CDDO, at concentrations that decrease MMP-1 and MMP-13 expression (namely 300 nM and 1 μM), did not cause cell death.
During the preclinical development of IL-1Ra gene therapy, we often noticed that transfer of the IL-1Ra gene provided a far greater biologic effect than administration of the recombinant protein.
It will be of interest to find out whether the cumulative prevalence of specific autoantibody subsets tends to increase over time, as this would suggest that the mechanisms underlying the development of these reactivities continue to evolve over the course of the arthropathy.
Alternatively, it is possible that the development of anti-RA-33 reactivity increases as the diseases progresses.
It will be of interest to find out whether the cumulative prevalence of specific autoantibody subsets tends to increase over time, as this would suggest that the mechanisms underlying the development of these reactivities continue to evolve over the course of the arthropathy.
Chemoprevention has been defined as the use of noncytotoxic nutrients or pharmacologic agents to enhance intrinsic physiologic mechanisms that protect the organism against the development of mutant clones and their progression to malignant cancer.
Furthermore, loss of the receptor correlated with increased risk of subsequent development of invasive breast cancer.
Thus, loss of TGF-β response may be a very early event in the development of human breast cancer.
The NMU-induced rat model of mammary tumorigenesis is widely used for chemoprevention studies, and yields rapid development of hormonally responsive mammary tumors with 100% incidence [ 2, 4, 18].
To do this, the initiating agent is given at 8 weeks of age and the chemopreventive agent is started a week later, during the period of active development of the mammary gland.
Part of the chemopreventive efficacy of antiestrogens and retinoids in this model may therefore be due to a generalized decrease in ductal development.
By 12 weeks of treatment, all three chemopreventive agents had a significant effect on glandular histology, with tamoxifen and 9cRA showing the greatest suppression of ductal development and lobule formation, and 4-HPR showing a relatively mild effect.
Chemoprevention has been defined as the use of noncytotoxic nutrients or pharmacologic agents to enhance intrinsic physiologic mechanisms that protect the organism against the development of mutant clones and their progression to malignant cancer [ 27].
By 12 weeks of treatment, all three chemopreventive agents had a significant effect on glandular histology, with tamoxifen and 9cRA showing the greatest suppression of ductal development and lobule formation, and 4-HPR showing a relatively mild effect.
Thus, unlike in the colon, loss of TGF-β response may be a very early event in the development of human breast cancer.
The NMU-induced rat model of mammary tumorigenesis is widely used for chemoprevention studies and yields rapid development of hormonally responsive mammary tumors with 100% incidence [ 2, 4, 18].
Since sexual maturity is achieved at approximately 11 weeks of age in rats, this means that the chemopreventive agent is given during a period of active development of the mammary gland.
Specifically, there were fewer terminal end-buds and less tertiary branching, which are indicative of a delay or arrest in normal mammary development.
This is consistent with the known requirement for estrogen for proper mammary development [ 51].
Thus, part of the chemopreventive efficacy of antiestrogens and retinoids in this model may be due to a generalized decrease in ductal development.
Development of cell lines and cell culture
The finding of a nutritional effect on breast development before puberty agrees with the results from migrant studies demonstrating that it takes two or more generations to increase breast cancer risk.
Because of the lack of a lifetime history of soy intake in our study, we do not know whether soy consumption during early life when breast development occurred was similar to the current intake.
In conclusion, this examination of mammographic characteristics detected some associations with soy foods that suggest an influence of nutritional patterns on the development of the female breast.
A nutritional effect on breast development before puberty agrees with the results from migrant studies demonstrating that it takes two or more generations to increase breast cancer risk [ 31, 32].
We therefore do not know whether soy consumption during earlier life when breast development occurred was similar to the current intake.
In conclusion, this examination of mammographic characteristics detected some associations with soy foods that suggest an influence of nutritional patterns on the development of the female breast.
A complete understanding of the genetic events involved in breast tumorigenesis and their heterogeneity in relation to stage specificity will be critical to the development of successful treatments.
The heterogeneous nature of breast cancer alterations could have important implications for the development of targeted therapies.
A complete understanding of all the genetic events involved in breast tumorigenesis and their heterogeneity in relation to stage specificity will therefore be critical to the development of successful treatments.
Chromosome 18p LOH always occurred in conjunction with LOH on 3p, 9p, 17p and 17q independent of tumor stage, suggesting this group of loci were critical to the development of breast cancer.
In metastatic breast cancer, the development of a MDR phenotype is primarily responsible for insensitivity to a new drug [ 2].
The development of MCF7/ADR cells was induced by treating MCF7/WT with ADR.
None of the genes that were differentially expressed between these adjacent tumors had a known role in breast cancer development.
Germline mutations in the breast and ovarian cancer susceptibility gene BRCA1 , which is located on chromosome 17q21, are associated with a predisposition to the development of cancer in these organs [ 1, 2].
Germline mutations in the breast and ovarian cancer susceptibility gene BRCA1 , which is located on chromosome 17q21, are associated with a predisposition to the development of cancer in these organs [ 1, 2].
For example, analyses of mammary gland growth and development show high levels of BRCA1 expression in terminal end buds during puberty and in budding alveoli during pregnancy.
This is especially important during early embryonic development as well as in the development and function of adult tissues such as the gonadal cells (ie ovarian and testes) [ 41, 48].
This is especially important during early embryonic development as well as in the development and function of adult tissues such as the gonadal cells (ie ovarian and testes) [ 41, 48].
For example, BRCA1 expression is critical during development, as evidenced by the embryonic lethality in transgenic knockout mice [ 29, 30, 52].
The WHR, a measure of central adiposity, is gaining increased use as a measure of etiologically significant obesity and is thought to be more closely related to pathology, especially coronary heart disease, diabetes mellitus and stroke [ 7 ] . The metabolic changes that accompany obesity include peripheral hyperinsulinemia, hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance, hypertriglyceridemia, decreased serum low-density lipoprotein, increased serum very low-density lipoprotein, increased serum leptin, dyslipidemia, increased serum cortisol clearance, increased serum C-peptide level, downregulation of insulin receptors and an exaggerated insulin response to an oral glucose load [ 12 13 14 15 ] . These changes, especially when they occur in early adulthood, may be of fundamental importance in the development of breast cancer [ 9 16 ] .
Obesity is also associated with significant hormonal changes such as decreased serum estradiol and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) levels, increased peripheral fat conversion of estrogens to progesterone and increased serum testosterone levels that may be associated with an increased risk of breast cancer [ 17 ] . Estrogens are necessary for normal breast development, and they induce and promote mammary tumor growth in animal studies [ 18 ] . In addition, the close association between increased risk of breast cancer and certain reproductive factors such as early menarche and late menopause [ 19 ] , as well as the fall off in the rate of increase in the incidence of disease at menopause [ 20 ] and the lowered risk of breast cancer in oophorectomized women and those taking antiestrogens [ 21 22 ] , all support the role of estrogen in breast carcinogenesis.
In addition, further knowledge of the genetic mechanisms that play an important role in metastasis could ultimately lead to the development of improved therapeutic procedures.
HGF/SF induces mitogenic and morphogenic changes, including rapid membrane ruffling, formation of microspikes, and increased cellular motility [ 12 13 ] . The diverse biological effects of HGF/SF are all mediated by Met, which is preferentially expressed on epithelial cells [ 14 ] . In vivo this receptor-ligand pair is essential for normal embryonic development [ 15 16 ] . Whereas Met signaling clearly has a role in normal cellular processes, this signaling pathway has also been implicated in tumor development and progression.
HGF/SF induces mitogenic and morphogenic changes, including rapid membrane ruffling, formation of microspikes, and increased cellular motility [ 12 13 ] . The diverse biological effects of HGF/SF are all mediated by Met, which is preferentially expressed on epithelial cells [ 14 ] . In vivo this receptor-ligand pair is essential for normal embryonic development [ 15 16 ] . Whereas Met signaling clearly has a role in normal cellular processes, this signaling pathway has also been implicated in tumor development and progression.
HD proteins are involved in the control of development and differentiation in many organisms [ 3 4 ] . Initially discovered in Drosophila , mutations of the HB in homeobox genes result in vast morphologic abnormalities [ 3 ] . Subsequently, homologous HB genes have been cloned in many species including humans [ 5 6 7 ] .
Estrogen and progesterone, which stimulate the growth of breast epithelium, are two crucial hormones involved not only in normal breast development but also in carcinogenesis of breast epithelium and progression of breast cancer [ 28 ] . About 40% of breast cancers are ER-negative [ 28 ] . ER-negative tumors are unresponsive to anti-estrogen therapy, probably because of constitutive growth factor expression [ 28 29 ] . In general, these tumors have a higher histologic grade and a higher proliferative rate and are associated with poorer prognosis [ 28 ] . The finding that 100% of ER-negative tumors expressed BP1 might therefore be highly relevant to both the prognosis and therapy of those difficult-to-treat tumors.
Because BP1 was expressed in all tumor grades, we propose that it is activated in an early stage of malignant development or even in a premalignant state.
Because many questions required the recall of adolescent factors, the interview used three memory tools developed during the pilot phase of this study: a visualization exercise, a magnetic memory board, and photographs of girls at various stages of development in a variety of social settings.
As occurs typically, the predictive power is not as high in a cross-validation as in the original model development ( C = 0.83 in the Silber model), but the cross-validation C -statistic is strong evidence for the usefulness of the model.
OPN is a secreted glycophosphoprotein expressed by a number of cell types, including leukocytes and epithelial lineages, and it has been implicated biologically in bone development, in immune system regulation [ 6 ] , and in multiple mechanisms through signal transduction via its binding to integrins [ 7 ] . OPN has been detected in primary breast tumors and is elevated in the plasma of patients with metastatic breast cancer [ 8 9 ] , but an association between elevated levels of primary tumor OPN and metastatic burden has not been well established.
Clinically, TYRP-1 is thought to be important as a melanoma antigen that is highly antigenic to cytotoxic T cells, providing a potential target for melanoma vaccine development [ 16 ] . TYRP-1 appears to be less expressed in advanced primary lesions and metastases of human cutaneous melanoma and uveal melanoma [ 32 ] . Primary melanoma samples express TYRP-1 transcripts at higher levels than melanoma metastases [ 33 ] , and IHC analysis of malignant melanocytic lesions has shown that the invasive cells of primary melanomas are TYRP-1-negative [ 34 ] .
The major differences between isotype classes reside in the last 15-20 amino acids of the carboxy-termini [ 10 11 ] , and these differences have been exploited in the development of isotype-specific antibodies [ 12 13 14 ] . Mammalian microtubules are formed from a mixture of α-tubulin and β-tubulin isotype classes [ 11 15 16 ] , and the antimitotics used in chemotherapy interact primarily with β-tubulin.
The expression of genes encoding α-tubulin and β-tubulin seems to be developmentally regulated [ 19 ] . For example, tubulin isotype expression patterns change during the development and maturation of neurons [ 14 20 ] . Studies with paclitaxel or other antimitotic agents, such as colchicine or estramustine, indicate that drug interactions with tubulin isotypes differ [ 21 22 23 24 25 ] and might contribute to cell resistance to antimitotics [ 26 27 28 29 30 31 ] . However, one group of antimitotic agents, the vinca alkaloids, was shown to bind with similar affinity to all tubulin isotypes [ 12 ] , suggesting that alterations in drug binding affinity is unlikely to be the cause of drug resistance.
These results challenge the hypothesis of a universal role for tubulin isotypes in tumor growth and the development of drug resistance.
Consistent with our results is the finding of both β-tubulin classes I and II by immunostaining in many human tissues and cell types [ 60 ] . To understand the relationship between the drug target levels and the development of drug resistance, it is essential to know the actual protein amounts in tissues and cells.
The work presented here describes untreated tumors and should be useful for comparison with paclitaxel-treated tumors as a basis for evaluating tubulin isotype levels in response to therapy or in the development of drug resistance.
Delirium was defined as an organic mental disorder involving a confusional state with attention deficit, disorganized thinking and a fluctuating course and acute development.
To identify factors independently related to the development of delirium, we also performed forward stepwise (conditional) logistic regression.
Research into patients who developed hepatic failure suggests that the gamma-aminobutyric acid system is important in the development of hepatic encephalopathy (i.e.
From initial hospitalization until organ procurement or cessation of life support, the potential organ donor manifests daunting medical challenges due to the dramatic physiological changes that accompany the development of brain death.
An additional potential benefit of rapid brain death determination is the reduction in time for the development of significant end organ dysfunction, thereby increasing the number of organs procured per donor.
et al . [ 13], however, concluded in their study that t PTEF / t E is only weakly associated with the development of lower respiratory tract illness during the first year of life, and the ratio is less precise and an epidemiologically less useful measure than maximum expiratory flow at functional residual capacity.
Another potential reason for the inadequate calibration is the differences in case mix between our database and the development databases of the mortality prediction systems.
Medical patients constitute a larger proportion in our database (68%) than in the development databases (MPM II 0 , 45%; MPM II 24 , 48%; SAPS II, 49%; APACHE II, 58%) [ 2, 3, 4].
When the main diagnostic categories in our database are compared with those in the development database of APACHE II, some interesting differences appear.
315) accounts for 1.5% of our admissions, compared with 9.82% of the development database.
Our database also has more severe chronic illnesses (32%) compared with 5-29% in different participating ICUs in the APACHE II development database.
The development of pruritus, an important symptom of histamine release, is relatively frequent with vancomycin administration [ 2, 3, 4].
The secondary endpoint consisted of adverse occurrences including possible complications of drug therapy and morbid events such as the progression of initial infection and the development of secondary infection.
Recent attempts to define QoL have resulted in the development of a functional definition that is measurable, evaluable over time, and readily applied to patients over a wide range of illness severity.
Diminished volume of enteral feeds may also independently contribute to the development of cholestasis.
For example, lack of enteral feeding plays an important role in the development of cholestasis in the neonatal period, possibly mediated by direct hepatotoxic activity of bile salts [ 5].
There is increasing evidence that gastrointestinal hypoperfusion plays an important role in development of systemic inflammatory response and multiple organ failure [ 1, 2].
The purpose of this report is to provide a comprehensive review of the safety of drotrecogin alfa (activated) for all adult patients with severe sepsis enrolled in clinical trials (completed and ongoing) since the start of phase 2 clinical development and up to 12 April 2002.
Maintenance of splanchnic blood flow is important because splanchnic hypoperfusion may play a critical role in the pathogenesis of multiorgan dysfunction syndrome [ 2 3 ] . Mechanical ventilation has been suggested to potentiate the adverse effects of underlying critical illness on splanchnic vasculature and contribute to the development of multiorgan dysfunction syndrome, particularly when 'injurious' ventilatory strategies that produce high end-inspiratory lung volumes are employed [ 3 ] . Experimental studies suggested that mechanical ventilation with considerably high levels of PEEP can lead to splanchnic hypoperfusion and marked reduction in hepatic blood flow [ 4 5 6 ] . Furthermore, PEEP may decrease splanchnic blood flow in patients with no underlying lung disease [ 7 8 ] . Most available evidence regarding the effects of PEEP from animal studies has been extrapolated to humans based on the assumption that the effects of mechanical ventilation on humans and animals are similar.
A high incidence of adverse effects (nephrotoxicity, neurotoxicity), along with the development of newer effective drugs with better safety profiles, resulted in the practical abandonment of systemic use of colistin, although it still remains active in vitro against practically all strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Acinetobacter spp.
On the other hand, experience with the drug in patients with cystic fibrosis, has shown only minimal nephrotoxicity [ 19 20 21 30 ] . Garnacho-Montero and coworkers [ 12 ] , in patients with VAP, observed that there was no significant difference in development of renal failure between colistin and imipenem.
Difficulty using strip chart EEGs utilizing analog technology stimulated the development of electronically processed digital EEG monitoring.
Indeed, the development of hypocalcemia in the critically ill has been shown to be associated with a poor prognosis [ 32, 33].
Yet, rural hospitals, fueled by community expectations and the need for expanded revenue sources, have expanded their scope of specialized services, which has led to the development of rural intensive care units (ICUs).
Development of specialized areas of care for the critically ill has occurred in most hospitals in the USA [ 1, 12, 13], leading to the growth in number and utilization of ICUs.
(3) Diffuse interstitial fibrosis : development of fibrosis suggested by chest X-ray or computed tomography or documented by open lung biopsy.
Scanning laser Doppler flowmetry is a recent development [ 24, 25] of the laser Doppler technique that may overcome these drawbacks.
The recent development of the scanning laser Doppler technique [ 24, 25] allows the rapid measurement of flow over a large predetermined area and, by collecting reflected light via mirrors, the previously requisite probe and optic cables are dispensed with and there is no contact with the skin itself.
With the development of emergency medicine, a need arose for evaluation scales that would provide rapid triage and objective status assessment.
The disappointingly slow progress in developing effective therapies for ischemic stroke has led to a re-evaluation of the strategies for stroke drug development and the methods used in clinical trials.
The fundamental premise of drug discovery and development in acute stroke is that treatments that reduce lesion size are those most likely to lead to clinical benefit.
There is thus a critical need for more controlled trials and for the development of better defined and more quantifiable endpoints.
Collateral vessel development, as measured by blood pressure, angiography, and vessel density, was significantly reduced in old (4-5 years old) versus young (6-8 months old) animals [ 27], in a rabbit model of hind limb ischemia.
Expression of the various isoforms during development is modulated both spatially and temporally [ 42], and observations from gene knockout studies have proven that these isoforms do not have equivalent biological functions during vessel development [ 42, 43].
Expression of the various isoforms during development is modulated both spatially and temporally [ 42], and observations from gene knockout studies have proven that these isoforms do not have equivalent biological functions during vessel development [ 42, 43].
Finally, since multiple VEGF-A isoforms are expressed during vascular development [ 42], it will also be important to determine whether the use of multiple isoforms in angiogenesis therapy will be necessary to replicate in vivo conditions.
normal vascular development has been shown to require the presence of the CD45 +/c-Kit +/CD34 +hematopoietic stem cells [ 58], which are similar and may be related to adult CEP cells.
Better designed studies and clinical trials that consider the issues discussed, coupled with well-defined and quantitative endpoints, will facilitate the development of novel and effective therapeutic approaches for ischemic diseases.
A number of distal protection devices that aim to reduce or eliminate distal embolization during percutaneous coronary and carotid interventions are under development (Table 1).
A second 'class' of distal protection devices under development and currently undergoing clinical investigation are the filter devices.
Some authors have recently explored the use of clustering methods to arrange the genes in some systematic way, with similar genes placed close together (see [ 2] for developments and [ 15] for an overview).
However, given the need to rapidly modulate apoptosis during development, cellular differentiation, and immune responses, this property of the apoptotic genes can be readily understood.
This process has been aided by the development of powerful algorithms and sensitive computational tools for detecting sequence and structural similarities between proteins.
The need for technologies that allow highly parallel quantitation of specific proteins in a rapid, low-cost and low-sample-volume format has become increasingly apparent with the growing recognition of the importance of global approaches to molecular characterization of physiology, development, and disease [ 1, 2].
Protein assays using ordered arrays have been explored since the development of multipin synthesis [ 10] and spot synthesis [ 11] of peptides on cellulose supports.
To demonstrate the progress of language development within the cell-biological domain, we will describe and discuss the G1/S checkpoint control model.
Even at this stage of development, BioD diagrams created by these general graphic and diagramming tools can be readily imported to available web page design tools to create, edit, link and post models on the internet (see sample BioD model sites [ 8, 9]).
Model development and testing can, therefore, become an integral part of early discovery and hypothesis testing all within the context of a single graphical description, rather than developing models simply as validations of well understood phenomena.
For instance, development of a common language to build accessible common models are critical elements in the 'blackboard' approach [ 41, 42] for multidisciplinary collaborations on complex problems.
In our approach, we have followed the model of recent developments of internet protocols, operating systems and computer languages by envisioning that if a core computational framework can be established, it can be extended and implemented for a variety of methods, languages and operating systems.
Thus we envision that, given the development of one (or more) editor applications, users could invent BioD language elements (functional properties, icons, arrows and models) as needed to describe specific domains.
As domain lexicons and model-model networks expand, with inevitable conflicts and duplications, we would suggest more global standardization be negotiated according to 'open-source' mechanisms of distributed, cooperative development [ 43] used for developing the Linux operating system and now being applied to SBML development [ 21].
As domain lexicons and model-model networks expand, with inevitable conflicts and duplications, we would suggest more global standardization be negotiated according to 'open-source' mechanisms of distributed, cooperative development [ 43] used for developing the Linux operating system and now being applied to SBML development [ 21].
By whatever mechanism, language development raises other key issues.
The development of an in-house array is a complex process, however, which must overcome a number of logistical problems.
It has been also hypothesized that olfactory receptors might provide molecular codes for cell-cell recognition in development and embryogenesis [ 40], including providing guidance for olfactory bulb glomeruli targeting by chemosensory neurons [ 9].
Not only should it be possible to sketch out the history of the development of different biochemical machineries, it should also be possible to establish which parts of the proteins are most critical to function on the basis of amino-acid sequence conservation correlated with the structural contexts.
These studies indicate that actin and the microtubule cytoskeleton play a pivotal role in cell expansion and branching during trichome development [ 32].
This striking result is consistent with the highly regulated and specific nature of embryonic development [ 40].
We suggest that trisomy of other chromosomes may exceed a limit of survivable dosage compensation during development.
A summary of the development of information on E. coli gene products over the past eight years is shown in Table 4. It is evident that much knowledge has been gained since these analyses began in 1993 [ 3, 24].
This information has helped to identify those genes expressed in particular stages of development and in specialized tissues or organs [ 6, 7, 8, 9, 10].
A relatively neglected area is the development of quantitative anatomical models of water movement for interpreting flux measurements [ 83].
the scoring scheme for TSDfinder was revised during its development to assign a scoring penalty to TSDs less than 12 nucleotides long.
Second, all families in Pfam-A and some in Pfam-B that have more than seven members are analyzed, as the Pfam-B database is under development and contains thousands of small protein families.
This 'literature profiling' produces a coherent picture of the functional relationships among large and heterogeneous lists of genes and should enable the development of tools for rapidly extracting meaningful knowledge from large microarray expression databases.
Although room exists for improvements in indexing, filtering and clustering strategies, the methodology described provides a blueprint for the development of computational tools that can rapidly assess literature content to guide the biological interpretation of complex expression data.
But the optimal exploitation of these invaluable resources by researchers necessitates the development of mining tools to explore and interpret data in a time frame compatible with the impressive rate at which they are generated.
We hope and anticipate that identification of these problems will facilitate that development of even more sophisticated analysis methods.
RSS in the dataset receive higher RIC values (and WM0 and WM1 values, see below) during genome searches than during model development, because the sequence for which RIC is calculated is excluded from the dataset during model development, a property of leave-one-out cross-validation [ 67].
RSS in the dataset receive higher RIC values (and WM0 and WM1 values, see below) during genome searches than during model development, because the sequence for which RIC is calculated is excluded from the dataset during model development, a property of leave-one-out cross-validation [ 67].
In particular, gain of chromosomes 1q and 8q has been associated with the early development of HCC [ 12], whereas loss of chromosome 4q has been linked to increased aggressiveness of established tumors [ 11].
The recent development of murine whole-genome draft sequences [ 14] should speed the process of identifying disease genes underlying QTLs because several of the strains used for genome sequencing are the same as those that have been used to develop the majority of mouse QTLs so far identified.
A related ongoing development that should help this situation by reducing the number of potential candidate genes that remain within the QTL interval is reduction of the interval by fine mapping using specialized congenic strains or recombinant progeny testing [ 33, 38].
An analysis of these assemblies in light of the modifications to the algorithmic strategy made between assemblies should inform the development of WGS assembly software in general.
At the time we started building our system, Ensembl was also in an early stage of development.
While this was wasteful in terms of redundant software development, it did allow us to hone our system to the particular needs of our project.
The Sanger Institute coordinated the overall development of ACeDB and has relied upon ACeDB for the ongoing annotation of C. elegans and human genome sequence.
Taken together, these issues led to the development of Apollo.
Other genes likely to be missed are genes with small ORFs (because of the arbitrary length cutoffs we used, see Materials and methods), and genes expressed transiently during development, at very low levels, and/or in cells and tissues not represented by the DGC cDNA libraries.
Establishment of the annotation rules included the development of a set of controlled comments, that is, comments that are reproducibly phrased and are consistently used.
Finally, the comparative annotation of UTR sequences awaits the development of methods that accurately predict the non-coding components of gene models.
Cell-fate changes that occur during development are almost always accompanied by changes in gene expression.
Thus detailed knowledge of the spatial and temporal expression patterns for all genes will be an important step in deciphering the complex regulatory networks governing development.
Although RNA in situ hybridization is carried out on fixed tissues, examining a large number of differently staged specimens provides an overview of the dynamic changes in gene-expression patterns that occur during development.
Approaches using DNA microarrays have been successful in studying genome-wide transcriptional regulation during animal development [ 9, 10, 11], but suffer from several limitations.
In multicellular organisms, cell division and differentiation leads to an increase in tissue complexity throughout development, but whole-animal microarray analysis cannot document this spatial information.
We used high-throughput RNA in situ hybridization to assemble a database of gene-expression patterns during embryonic development of Drosophila melanogaster.
Moreover, studies of a large number of individual genes have documented the diversity of gene-expression patterns that occur during Drosophila embryogenesis and established the importance of tissue-specific gene expression for development.
The duration of developmental stages range from 15 minutes to more than 2 hours; therefore the stages of development were differentially represented in our embryo collections (see Materials and methods).
The groups of images assigned to a stage range are arranged in the web-based annotation tool from left to right so that one can follow the pattern through development (Figure 2).
For all these reasons, the most useful factor in correlating microarray and image data is the relative fluctuation of signal intensity over the course of development.
We used this embryological concept to define a set of embryonic structure names that depict a 'path' describing the development of each organ.
Using this naming scheme we are able to describe the development of embryonic structures starting from anlage in statu nascendi at the cellular blastoderm stage through a series of developmental intermediates - anlage and primordia - to a differentiated embryonic structure.
Using the annotation tool, one can follow and describe the development of each structure through its intermediates by observing the development of the staining pattern and selecting the appropriate annotation terms.
Using the annotation tool, one can follow and describe the development of each structure through its intermediates by observing the development of the staining pattern and selecting the appropriate annotation terms.
For the nomenclature we needed an agreed vocabulary of terms to describe the different anatomical features of the Drosophila embryo and the different stages of embryonic development.
This was provided to us by the controlled vocabularies of anatomy and development that have been constructed by FlyBase [ 23] over the past few years.
Our annotation uses a subset of 300 or so of the 5,800 terms in the FlyBase controlled vocabulary, many of which only apply to later stages of development.
It can be utilized to search for the expression pattern of an individual gene of interest, retrieve a list of genes expressed in a given embryonic structure, or set of structures, or all genes expressed at a certain stage of embryonic development.
Clustering of the annotation data and other data-mining approaches will establish sets of co-regulated genes that will provide a starting point for investigating cis -regulatory sequences that may elucidate novel regulatory relationships in development.
The controlled vocabulary used to annotate the gene-expression profiles is a subset of the FlyBase controlled vocabulary for anatomy and development [ 39].
However, manual approaches to data analysis are sometimes impractical or cumbersome, inspiring the development of tools to accomplish the three goals described above.
As a further development of the method described here, we envisage cluster analysis of the selected genes for higher dimensions ( k > 2).
By waiting until the young adult stage to administer DOX, all of pre-adult development is identical between control and experimental groups, and any difference in lifespan must be due to changes in the adult.
In Drosophila, RNAi can be initiated by injection of dsRNA into embryos, and this has allowed identification of novel phenotypes for genes during development [ 34].
Inactivation or downregulation of the genes specifically in the adult using tet-on RNAi may allow increased lifespan without confounding effects on development.
Lam and Thummel have recently reported the use of a heat-shock gene promoter to drive expression of dsRNA, and the efficient conditional inhibition of gene expression during larval and pupal stages of Drosophila development [ 39].
However, because of the rapid development of microarray technology, the latter is not likely and we expect a researcher will have to do his or her own pilot study.
Researchers can, in a fairly straightforward fashion, examine the overall transcriptional response of thousands of genes in normal cells and tissues, in disease states, in response to biological, genetic or chemical stimuli (such as drugs), or during normal biological processes such as cell-cycle progression and embryonic development [ 3, 4, 5].
There are no practical models of early development, when androgen exerts its most striking effects on the genitalia, body habitus and brain.
Comparison of the transcriptional programs induced by androgen in other examples of the diverse cells and tissues that respond to androgen will undoubtedly contribute to a molecular understanding of the basis of the diverse and profound effects of androgens on human development and physiology and in human diseases.
The ability to distinguish the effects of IL-2 in target tissues from its systemic effects may yield important insights for the development of improved anti-cancer therapies.
Efficient and reliable normalization procedures are an indispensable component of any statistical method; further development and analysis of error models for microarray data will be a worthwhile investment.
During the development of multicellular organisms, complexity builds sequentially in discrete steps as cells proliferate and their descendants choose between alternative developmental fates.
Another example is the glass gene, which encodes a zinc-finger transcription factor that is expressed in many of the cell types in the eye imaginal disc and is required for photoreceptor development [ 2].
The distinct developmental phases of the imaginal discs, their easy accessibility, along with the numerous advantages of Drosophila as a model genetic and developmental organism make imaginal disc development an ideal system to explore the feasibility and usefulness of such an analysis at a genomic scale.
Rather, at these levels the distributions probably arise from evolutionary development centered on an underlying process of gene duplication.
Appreciation of the central role of EPKs in virtually every signaling pathway involved in normal development and disease [ 2] has stimulated much work on individual family members, as well as interesting subsets of the entire family.
Flower development provides one example where organs of distinctive morphologies (sepals, petals, stamens, carpels) are produced in rapid succession; specification of each floral organ requires temporally and spatially refined expression of specific genes [ 1].
In plants with perfect flowers (male and female sexual organs, sepals and petals in the same flower), this gene family regulates inflorescence development, flower organ differentiation, flowering time and specification of floral cell type [ 1].
Because the husks were morphologically fully expanded leaf sheaths surrounding the ear, it was surprising that they expressed the same genes, such as MADS-box genes that are associated with early stages of flower development.
This enzyme has several proposed functions, such as gluco-neogenesis in germinating seeds, carbon recovery during senescence, nitrogen assimilation during seed development and decarboxylation of OAA in PEPCK-type C4 photosynthesis [ 36, 37].
In a gene-expression study during Poplar wood development, > 40% genes were differentially expressed in different development zones within the vascular meristem [ 42].
In a gene-expression study during Poplar wood development, > 40% genes were differentially expressed in different development zones within the vascular meristem [ 42].
Another development initiative is to support conclusions based on the microarray data, for example the ability to indicate sequence motifs or biological effects (such as mortality) associated with individual (or sets of) nodes in a cluster.
The success of this project largely depends on the development, availability, and use of ontological terms not defined in the MAGE project.
We are actively interested in this problem and look forward to interacting with these development efforts.
The first key step in this process is the development of databases (public and private) to warehouse the experimental results.
The preliminary spatial normalization method presented in this work will require further validation and development as the current method, by visual inspection, appears to be overfitting the cDNA data.
From those, 40 robust PCR products were obtained and selected for development into new CAPS markers.
We anticipate that this general approach will contribute significantly to the development of dense molecular marker maps for a variety of higher plant species to expedite map-based cloning.
In light of recent developments in understanding the biology of Toll-like receptors, the NFκB-dominated responses we observe fit well within a model in which undifferentiated, subconfluent Caco-2 cells can recognize Gram-positive cell-surface moieties and induce what is termed an 'innate immune response'.
A recent report indicates that during the development of host-microbial interactions, essentially no proinflammatory or innate immune responses are detected as the intestines of germ-free mice become colonized [ 22].
Development of our control set of 10 Arabidopsis oligonucleotides and corresponding set of PCR amplicons subcloned into pSP64poly(A) serve as a valuable quality-control resource for cDNA/oligo microarrays.
For example, searching for the gene alpha-myosin heavy chain using its SWISS-PROT identifier MYH6_MOUSE or its MGD identifier MGI:97255 finds the GO process terms 'striated muscle contraction', 'cytoskeleton organization and biogenesis', 'protein modification', and 'muscle development'.
The publicly available mouse microarray dataset, the FVB benchmark set for cardiac development, maturation and aging, was obtained from the CardioGenomics Program for Genomics Applications [ 14].
These data compare healthy mouse hearts at different time points during development, using male and female FVB/N mice.
The bacterial cell wall is dynamic, and undergoes reorganization during vegetative growth, development and cell division [ 1, 2, 6, 7, 8].
The ortholog of the vertebrate LRAT, Egl-29 in C. elegans has been implicated in the development of the vulva [ 57].
This could raise the interesting possibility of Egl-29 synthesizing an ester similar to the retinyl esters that might function as a secreted differentiation signal during vulval development.
In previous experiments approximately 7% of PdL insertions were found to cause lethal and visible phenotypes when the PdL promoter was activated during larval and pupal development [ 34].
The increase in drug resistance throughout the malaria endemic regions is cause for great concern and calls for the development of new antimalarial measures, which would involve a larger variety of drug targets as well as a wider array of vaccine strategies (reviewed in [ 2, 3]).
Subsequently, we constructed a long-oligonucleotide-based P. falciparum microarray, which we used to evaluate changes in the global expression profile between two distinct stages of P. falciparum erythrocytic-stage asexual development - mid-trophozoite and mid-schizont.
The large number of differentially expressed genes detected in this analysis suggests that extensive transcriptional regulation has a major role in the functional specialization of parasite development.
Overall, the emergent gene clusters suggest that the trophozoite stage, a central phase of plasmodial intraerythrocytic development, is characterized by the activation of general cellular growth functions such as transcription, translation and hemoglobin degradation and biosynthesis of basic metabolites.
A second functional group of genes with increased expression in schizonts encodes proteins that are thought to function on the periphery of a newly infected erythrocyte at the early stages of asexual development.
In summary, the schizont stage of plasmodial development featured genes predominantly occupied with the process of merozoite function as well as the advance synthesis of transcripts for proteins that facilitate parasite establishment within the newly infected erythrocyte.
The gene-expression maps typically comprise genome-wide expression profiles at a number of different stages of cellular development, profiles of multiple strains and genetic variants, and global expression responses to number of growth perturbations and growth-inhibitory drugs.
Further understanding of cellular physiology of this parasite including basic metabolic functions and the intricate interactions between the parasite cell and human host immune system will be a key step in uncovering new targets for antimalarial drug discoveries and vaccine development.
Some of these differences appear to be in known rod-specific genes, and may reflect developmental asynchrony, as this is the time at which high-level expression of rod-specific genes is first observed, although most of the observed differences do not appear to be found in genes that show dramatic variation in expression through development.
, data not shown), a small subset of these results probably partially reflect minor differences in developmental timing, and some of the other differences in tag abundance may also reflect variation in genes expressed in a dynamic manner during development.
For example, litters of inbred mice sometimes have a runt, suggesting a difference in rate of development and/or other factors.
However, much of our data collected and analyzed for other purposes would suggest that such outliers are rare, at least with respect to eye development [ 13 23 ] .
Moreover, the high variability that is seen in both the development and gene-expression profiles of cloned mice [ 34 51 ] , and the relatively low heritability of many quantitative traits such as lifespan or psychiatric illness that is observed in monozygotic twins [ 52 53 ] , implies that there is substantial variability in gene expression even in genetically identical individuals, particularly in tissues of the CNS.
Within the vertebrates, there are several mechanisms that account for sexually dimorphic development.
Because temperature controls sexual development in crocodiles, many turtles and some lizards, environmental sex determination (ESD) has been proposed to be the primordial vertebrate mechanism for sexual differentiation [ 4].
If a control gene confers sexual development by dosage, it might become lost from the alternative sex chromosome.
Alternatively, if a control gene confers sexual development as a dominant determining factor, it may have evolved as an allele of a gene on the opposite sex chromosome.
Although the initial cloning of ASW pre-dated knowledge that Hint is an enzyme, both groups suggested that Asw might function by a dominant-negative mechanism through heterodimerization with Hint, thereby inducing female development [ 33, 34].
Turning to genetic analysis, if ASW has a significant role in feminization of birds, then viruses that increase expression of Asw may promote female development in ZZ eggs, potentially in a manner that requires Gln127.
If HINT is part of the Z chromosome that works by gene dosage, then viruses that direct expression of Hint may promote male or intersexual development in ZW eggs as was seen with ZZW triploids [ 20].
They also respond by the localized activation of a cell-death program, designated the hypersensitive response (HR), and by the systemic activation of cellular and molecular defenses, termed systemic acquired resistance (SAR) [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . Second messengers that contribute to the development of the systemic response include reactive oxygen species (ROS), SA, JA and ethylene [ 8 9 10 ] . There is evidence for commonalities between plant responses to pathogens (referred to as defense responses) and environmental stresses (referred to as stress responses) [ 11 12 ] . Despite similarities, however, a plant's response to each environmental challenge is unique and tailored to increasing the plant's ability to survive the inciting stress [ 13 14 15 16 ] .
The availability of both avirulent and virulent strains of these pathogens facilitates identification of genes that are important for resistance, as well as those expressed during disease development [ 19 20 21 ] . Moreover, both of these pathogens cause severe damage to crops of economic importance, such as tomato and crucifers [ 19 ] . We also treated plants with SA and methyl jasmonate (MJ) because both are important signaling molecules implicated in plant responses to pathogens, herbivory and wounding and they induce different aspects of the SAR [ 22 ] .
The WRKY transcription factors are involved in defense, wounding, senescence and plant development [ 7 16 70 71 72 73 ] . There are 70 genes with a WRKY domain in the Arabidopsis genome and six of them (WRKY15, 25, 33, 46, 62, 70) are in the stress cDNA collection.
On hatching from the eggshell, L2 worms are able to locate and migrate towards a potential host plant, penetrate the root behind its tip in the zone of elongation, and migrate intercellularly through the vascular cylinder by separating cells at the middle lamella [ 4 ] . The migration is enabled by a combination of stylet protrusion (mechanical force) and secretion of cell-wall-degrading enzymes from specialized glands [ 5 6 7 8 ] . Upon completion of migration, secretions from the nematode's glands, and potentially other cues, induce root cells to alter their development and gene expression, undergoing abnormal growth and repeated endomitotic rounds of replication to form a feeding site made up of giant cells [ 9 10 ] . The L2 feeds from the giant cells for 10-12 days, then ceases feeding and molts three times over the next two days to form the adult.
The availability of ESTs representing different developmental stages of Meloidogyne will allow an examination of changes in gene representation between stages, and in turn an understanding of the relative importance of various metabolic processes at different stages of development.
Development of GoMiner
In addition to the deployed components, we have introduced a number of open-source tools to enhance the development environment.
In particular, the Concurrent Versions System (CVS) tool [ 21 ] coordinates program development at the Georgia Institute of Technology with that at the NCI, and also coordinates development within each of the groups.
In particular, the Concurrent Versions System (CVS) tool [ 21 ] coordinates program development at the Georgia Institute of Technology with that at the NCI, and also coordinates development within each of the groups.
Flow cytometric annexin V and TUNEL assays verified important differences in apoptotic potential between the cell lines, and analysis generated a novel hypothesis (the 'permissive apoptosis-resistance' hypothesis) for the relationship between apoptotic and cell-proliferation pathways in the development of drug resistance.
1 study was initially done one gene at a time before development of GoMiner (and, in fact, motivated that development).
1 study was initially done one gene at a time before development of GoMiner (and, in fact, motivated that development).
This high-throughput capability has made two further developments possible: first, randomization studies are being done to address the multiple-comparisons problem (that is, to estimate the fraction of false positives among the selected categories); second, the output data stream is being coupled with integrated downstream analysis for automated recognition of interesting results buried within a large number of exploratory experiments.
In conclusion, GoMiner will continue in development with a view to integration with other bioinformatic resources being generated by the NCI and NIH for use by the biomedical research community.
Tubulin levels do not change during the acute phase of CCl 4 poisoning, but have been shown to decrease in association with the development of fatty liver tissue as a result of chronic CCl 4 exposure [ 18 19 ] . In the present study, tubulin was positively correlated with the three components of clear space, perhaps indicating cellular reorganization.
These synthetic data in which the clusters are known are crucial for the development and testing of novel clustering algorithms.
Another practical methodological development would be to incorporate the estimation of missing data values into the model-based approaches.
Development of the male genitalia is largely controlled by cells in the urogenital mesenchyme that express androgen receptors (AR) [ 1 2 ] . Germline mutations of the AR gene produce a spectrum of developmental abnormalities in 46,XY individuals ranging from infertility or mild hypospadias to complete feminization, which are collectively referred to as the androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS).
We hypothesized that the AR-dependent mesenchymal programs underlying male external genitalia development might be illuminated by comparing the transcriptional profile of mesenchyme-derived stromal cells from normal males to those from individuals affected with AIS.
Comparison of expression patterns in genital fibroblasts from normal and AIS-affected individuals, and fibroblasts from extragenital sites, offers possible insights into the programs that underlie genital development.
A critical question raised by these results is whether the observed differences between genital fibroblasts from males and AIS females reflect cell-autonomous effects of androgen exposure during development, or indirect effects of the AR-dependent genital morphogenetic program.
The discrepancy between the female phenotype of these mosaic individuals despite expression of the wild-type AR in cultured genital skin fibroblasts is not resolved to date [ 7 ] . It may be explained by a time-dependent rise of an originally small fraction of cells containing the wild-type AR allele in the mosaic genital mesenchyme during prenatal and postnatal development, or by differences between in vivo and in vitro conditions.
Comparison of gene-expression patterns in genital fibroblasts from normal and AIS-affected individuals, and in fibroblasts from extragenital sites, may offer clues to the programs that underlie external genital development.
Both cell adhesion and connective tissue remodeling are indispensable for normal development and maintenance of tissue integrity [ 13 14 15 ] . The differential expression of proteoglycans, collagens and cell adhesion molecules (for example cadherin 13) might be involved in genital morphogenesis and later stability of sexually dimorphic traits of the external genitalia.
Several genes expressed specifically in the normal male foreskin fibroblasts have been previously implicated in male genital development, including HOXA13 , the T-box genes, BMP4 and DWnt2 . Mutations in HOXA13 can cause distal limb and urogenital-tract malformations such as male hypospadias in hand-foot-genital syndrome [ 21 ] . T-box genes ( TBX ) are essential early regulators of limb development and also appear to be involved in male genital development [ 22 23 ] . Mutations in TBX3 cause the ulnar-mammary syndrome characterized by limb, apocrine, and genital developmental abnormalities [ 23 ] . Expression of T-box genes 2, 3, and 5 was significantly higher in normal male foreskin fibroblasts than in AIS genital fibroblasts.
Several genes expressed specifically in the normal male foreskin fibroblasts have been previously implicated in male genital development, including HOXA13 , the T-box genes, BMP4 and DWnt2 . Mutations in HOXA13 can cause distal limb and urogenital-tract malformations such as male hypospadias in hand-foot-genital syndrome [ 21 ] . T-box genes ( TBX ) are essential early regulators of limb development and also appear to be involved in male genital development [ 22 23 ] . Mutations in TBX3 cause the ulnar-mammary syndrome characterized by limb, apocrine, and genital developmental abnormalities [ 23 ] . Expression of T-box genes 2, 3, and 5 was significantly higher in normal male foreskin fibroblasts than in AIS genital fibroblasts.
Several genes expressed specifically in the normal male foreskin fibroblasts have been previously implicated in male genital development, including HOXA13 , the T-box genes, BMP4 and DWnt2 . Mutations in HOXA13 can cause distal limb and urogenital-tract malformations such as male hypospadias in hand-foot-genital syndrome [ 21 ] . T-box genes ( TBX ) are essential early regulators of limb development and also appear to be involved in male genital development [ 22 23 ] . Mutations in TBX3 cause the ulnar-mammary syndrome characterized by limb, apocrine, and genital developmental abnormalities [ 23 ] . Expression of T-box genes 2, 3, and 5 was significantly higher in normal male foreskin fibroblasts than in AIS genital fibroblasts.
BMP4 has been implicated in ductal budding and branching during prostate development [ 24 ] and a potential role of BMP4 in external genital development has also been postulated [ 25 ] . DWnt2 has been found to have roles in sex-specific cell determination in the gonads and genital disc of Drosophila [ 26 ] . Thus, mutations in genes characteristically expressed in normal male foreskin fibroblasts can, in some cases, lead to defective genital development.
BMP4 has been implicated in ductal budding and branching during prostate development [ 24 ] and a potential role of BMP4 in external genital development has also been postulated [ 25 ] . DWnt2 has been found to have roles in sex-specific cell determination in the gonads and genital disc of Drosophila [ 26 ] . Thus, mutations in genes characteristically expressed in normal male foreskin fibroblasts can, in some cases, lead to defective genital development.
BMP4 has been implicated in ductal budding and branching during prostate development [ 24 ] and a potential role of BMP4 in external genital development has also been postulated [ 25 ] . DWnt2 has been found to have roles in sex-specific cell determination in the gonads and genital disc of Drosophila [ 26 ] . Thus, mutations in genes characteristically expressed in normal male foreskin fibroblasts can, in some cases, lead to defective genital development.
As normal genital skin fibroblasts of 46,XY male individuals express the AR in vitro (see Table 1and [ 4 7 ] ), we had anticipated that androgen treatment would elicit a transcriptional response program that could provide additional insights into the role of androgen in genital development.
It is possible that genital mesenchymal cells are only capable of responding to androgen at discrete stages in development in their specific in vivo environment.
In mice, stromal androgen responsiveness is restricted to the earliest stages in prostate development, and later the epithelial compartment becomes responsive and remains so [ 1 ] . This responsiveness may be mediated through the expression of specific AR co-regulators.
Thus, genital fibroblasts may express critical AR co-regulators at discrete times during development that allow them to respond by setting up long-lasting transcriptional programs that underlie the genesis and maintenance of genital morphology.
Comparison of the expression patterns of genital fibroblasts from 46,XY normal males and 46,XY females with inactivated AR provides a window on the AR-dependent gene-expression programs within the urogenital mesenchyme, which contribute to the development and structural integrity of male and female genitalia.
The apparent lack of response of genital fibroblasts to androgen in vitro , despite expression of a normal AR, has important implications for future research in defining the role of androgen in genital development and the pathogenesis of ambiguous genitalia.
Transcriptional profiling of the early stages of genital development in vivo in the presence and absence of androgen may provide further insights into the role of androgen in genital development.
Transcriptional profiling of the early stages of genital development in vivo in the presence and absence of androgen may provide further insights into the role of androgen in genital development.
The expression profiles of computationally identifed miRNAs during development were much more heterogenous than those of the known set of embryonically derived miRNAs [ 10 ] . We identified miRNAs whose expression was highly restricted to individual developmental periods (embryogenesis, larval/pupal development, or adulthood), ones expressed in two of these developmental windows, and ones expressed throughout development, either at a relatively uniform level or in a progressive fashion.
The expression profiles of computationally identifed miRNAs during development were much more heterogenous than those of the known set of embryonically derived miRNAs [ 10 ] . We identified miRNAs whose expression was highly restricted to individual developmental periods (embryogenesis, larval/pupal development, or adulthood), ones expressed in two of these developmental windows, and ones expressed throughout development, either at a relatively uniform level or in a progressive fashion.
The expression profiles of computationally identifed miRNAs during development were much more heterogenous than those of the known set of embryonically derived miRNAs [ 10 ] . We identified miRNAs whose expression was highly restricted to individual developmental periods (embryogenesis, larval/pupal development, or adulthood), ones expressed in two of these developmental windows, and ones expressed throughout development, either at a relatively uniform level or in a progressive fashion.
Our observation that the temporal expression profile of miR-100 (Figure 5d) is similar to that described for let-7 and miR-125 (that is, expression is initiated during larval/pupal development and continues through adulthood [ 9 29 ] ) is consistent with probable coordinate expression of all three as a single pri-miRNA transcript, and may further implicate miR-100 in developmental timing.
Since the 'seed and soil' hypothesis of Paget in the 19th century [ 1 ] , it has been understood that the microenvironment, or 'soil,' surrounding the tumor 'seed' plays a critical part in its development.
In modeling mechanisms of cancer development, global gene-expression profiling of human-derived cells grown as tumors in mice has some distinct advantages over profiling of tumors obtained from patients.
In terms of new biological insight into cancer development, our findings suggest that cancer cells of different origins interact in different ways with the same extracellular environment to survive and proliferate as tumors.
Such quality assurance is critical to the future development of these resources if they are to be used in a meaningful way by experimentalists.
A combination of InterProScan and iGAP is under active development to integrate sequence- and structure-based annotation.
Some examples are listed in Table 4. For example, the AP2-domain is a DNA-binding transcription factor that controls flower and seed development [ 20 ] in Arabidopsis . The structure of the AP2 domain is found in the PDB (1gcc) [ 21 ] . Standard BLAST using the 1gcc sequence provides 140 hits at p < 0.1 (a very weak threshold).
The PAT database was initially developed as a joint development of academia and industry to serve the Arabidopsis and plant proteomics community through the provision of structure and functional assignment to all identified proteins in the Arabidopsis genome.
A workflow management system is under development to automate the processing and update of proteomes.
In conclusion, the development of any complete, in-silico discovery system requires full, query-based access to an integrated, up-to-date view of all relevant information, regardless of its physical location and content structure.
Still in its infancy, DAVID represents the foundation of our continued development efforts that aim to integrate information-rich data sources and provide quantitative summaries and analysis methods.
Fetuses of diabetic mothers with uncontrolled blood glucose levels tend to be hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic [ 1 ] . An increased incidence of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) has been observed in infants of diabetic mothers [ 1 ] . RDS is caused by inadequate amounts of pulmonary surfactant due to delayed lung development [ 2 ] . It has been proposed that high insulin levels can delay lung development in the fetus of the diabetic mother [ 3 ] .
Fetuses of d	iabetic mothers with uncontrolled blood glucose levels tend to be hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic [ 1 ] . An increased incidence of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) has been observed in infants of diabetic mothers [ 1 ] . RDS is caused by inadequate amounts of pulmonary surfactant due to delayed lung development [ 2 ] . It has been proposed that high insulin levels can delay lung development in the fetus of the diabetic mother [ 3 ] .
These concepts are not exclusive, and it is possible that several proteolytic and inflammatory mechanisms contribute to the development of emphysema.
It also has been suggested to play an important role in the development of emphysema.
In animals, instillation of NE can result in the development of pulmonary emphysema [ 18].
Individuals deficient in α-1 protease inhibitor, moreover, have an increased susceptibility to the development of emphysema [ 19, 20, 21].
Recent studies in genetically altered mice have suggested an important role for multiple proteases in the development of emphysema.
Mice deficient in MMP-9, MMP-12, or NE are resistant to the development of emphysema or skin blisters [ 8, 16].
Chronic NOS inhibition did not lead to development of pulmonary hypertension [ 3], however, possibly because of a decrease in cardiac output.
Additionally, we found increased severity of pulmonary hypertension in animals exposed to hypoxia during postnatal development.
Under more physiologically relevant levels of hypoxia, the central role of eNOS in protecting against hypertension is supported by our observation that loss of eNOS leads to increased acute hypoxic vasoconstriction and development of pulmonary hypertension [ 9, 10, 11, 12].
LSC continues to provide technical assistance to grantees in many areas of state planning including, but not limited to, development and implementation of state plans, resource development, and mergers.
LSC continues to provide technical assistance to grantees in many areas of state planning including, but not limited to, development and implementation of state plans, resource development, and mergers.
Technical assistance contracts supported resource development activities in Alabama, Louisiana, Nebraska and the District of Columbia.
These efforts have resulted in the development of additional resources for civil legal services, new and more efficient ways of providing legal information and advice to low-income persons, and more effective and economical structures to assure equal justice to greater numbers of Americans.
It also provided assistance to several states with the development of statewide technology plans.
The on site visits are conducted for the purpose of program monitoring and development, to solve problems, and to develop new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality of services to clients.
See April Testimony at 80-81 (testimony of Victor Lara, Attorney at Law); March Comments at 45 (comment of Jena L. Matzen, North Carolina Justice and Community Development Center); March Comments at 50 (comment of Francisco J. Bricio, Attorney at Law).
See March Comments at 45 (comment of Jena L. Matzen, North Carolina Justice and Community Development Center); see also March Comments at 235 (comment of Melissa A. Pershing, Legal Services of North Carolina).
Justice & Community Development Center); March Comments at 65 (comment of James F. Schmidt, Farmworker Legal Services of New York); March Comments at 76 (comment of Mark Talamantes, Attorney at Law); March Comments at 143 (comment of D. Michael Dale, Oregon Law Center, and Janice Morgan, Legal Aid Services of Oregon); March Comments at 147 (comment of Mary Bauer, Virginia Justice Center); March Comments at 236 (comment of Melissa A. Pershing, Legal Services of North Carolina); March Comments at 247 (comment of Marci Seville, Golden Gate University School of Law); March Comments at 208 (comment of Jose Padilla and Cynthia L. Rice, California Rural Legal Assistance); March Comments at 110 (comment of Robert Salzman, Legal Aid Society of Mid-New York, Charlotte Sibley and Patricia C. Kakalec, Farmworker Law Project); March Testimony at 149 (testimony of Rob Williams, Florida Legal Services); April Testimony at 44 (testimony of Jack Londen, Attorney at Law).
Justice & Community Development Center); March Comments at 131 (comment of Shelley Latin, Virginia Farmworkers Legal Assistance Project); March Comments at 208 (comment of Jose Padilla and Cynthia L. Rice, California Rural Legal Assistance); March Comments at 236 (comment of Melissa A. Pershing, Legal Services of North Carolina).
Anne Milne (Utah) and Roger McCollister (Kansas) facilitated this discussion on innovative ways to integrate and combine fundraising to produce a creative resource development program.
2) Shared National TIG grants include the National Technical Assistance Project (NTAP), creation of www.lstech.org, and development of measurement and evaluation tools, www.legalmeetings.org.
Resource development/fundraising ideas.
In other states, the very development and implementation of such initiatives may require reconfiguration of organizational relationships and service areas.
Area of Inquiry--Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the development and sustainability of a delivery network that, within financial resources and subject to appropriate priority decisions under 45 C.F.R.
Area of Inquiry--Does the configuration of programs facilitate the efficient statewide coordination of legal work and provide an efficient means of establishing and maintaining a statewide capacity to provide training, monitor developments, disseminate relevant information and provide expert assistance necessary for the delivery of high quality assistance?
Area of Inquiry--Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the ability of legal services providers and other civil equal justice partners to coordinate their research and their efforts to stay abreast of developments in the delivery of legal services?
Area of Inquiry--Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources, including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources, liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources, and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising?
On the local and national levels, opportunities for professional development will grow and all staff members in a program, not just attorneys, take advantage of them.
I think that it is important for you to know that LSC initially stressed the importance of state planning in 1995 when it asked its recipients in each state to participate in the development of a plan for the design, configuration, and operation of LSC-funded programs in their states.
(1) development of intake, advice, and referral services; (2) effective usage of technology; (3) increased access to legal self-help and prevention information; (4) coordination of legal work, training, information, and expert assistance; (5) engagement of pro bono attorneys; (6) development of additional state, local, and private resources; and (7) optimal configuration of service areas.
(1) development of intake, advice, and referral services; (2) effective usage of technology; (3) increased access to legal self-help and prevention information; (4) coordination of legal work, training, information, and expert assistance; (5) engagement of pro bono attorneys; (6) development of additional state, local, and private resources; and (7) optimal configuration of service areas.
Indeed, in recent internal budget battles within LSC, projects essential to the creation of world class delivery systems- such as the development of a new measurement system to measure our work and the work of our grantees in terms of outcomes for clients and projects to ensure that the delivery system is inclusive and multi-culturally competent-were summarily removed from the first drafts of the budget by the staff who prepare the budget.
LSC also launched companion initiatives-the quality initiative, the diversity initiative, technology initiative grants, to name just a few -that worked hand-in-glove with state planning to promote the development of high-quality delivery systems.
And this was an important-and perhaps in American legal services-quite revolutionary development.
iii Program Letter 1998-1, published on February 12, 1998, called upon all LSC recipients to analyze any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners.
In 2001, OPP and the State Planning Team focused their hiring activities on recruiting individuals with expertise in critical areas like diversity, technology, and organizational development.
In western Tennessee, a collaboration by two programs will bring over a million dollars in US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) fair housing grants to Tennessee.
The three LSC-funded programs in Alabama have hired a statewide Director of Development, an experienced fundraiser who previously worked with the Red Cross and the Girl Scouts.
LSC currently provides over 90% of the funding for legal services in Alabama, and realization of the need for diverse funding is prompting the state justice community to create a development office that will seek diverse funding for legal services in Alabama.
Their combined expertise includes resource development, organizational management, technology, migrant and immigration law, access and intake systems.
Arizona, Arkansas, California, Illinois, Kentucky, New Mexico, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia received three-year terms as an acknowledgement of their "significant progress toward the development of comprehensive, integrated delivery systems."
Program reviews are one way to monitor program development, solve problems, and establish new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality.
These reviews allowed us to monitor program development, to learn about problems and to suggest new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality.
The Development of a State Planning Evaluation Instrument
Nevada Legal Services has led the development of pro se clinics in the state.
Resources expended in supporting efforts such as community legal education, outreach, state planning and resource development also would not be factored into the program's "cost-per-case."
Others engaged in aggressive resource development, pursued alternative methods of providing legal services to clients, reconfigured their organizations, or, in some instances, took their skills and talents elsewhere.
In addition to instituting a programwide Regional Counsel advocate support/case review system, which emphasizes collaboration and co-counseling on common issues throughout the whole region, LSNC is coordinating and advancing a region-wide advocacy agenda in welfare to work and housing and economic development.
Recently, these two programs have committed to an agenda of specific collaborative projects, including joint technology consultations, joint efforts by the two Boards of Directors in areas of mutual interest, joint economic development projects, and assistance in developing intake systems.
The first priority of the Commission was resource development and the Commission led a sustained effort in the California legislature to obtain state funds to support the provision of civil legal services to lowincome persons.
Other promising technology initiatives include the CalJustice Technology Project of the Public Interest Clearinghouse, which focuses on increasing client access to the judicial system through the development of an artificial intelligence-based tool to help advocates quickly spot issues in and strategize about cases.
A system of advocacy training and litigation support through a network of support centers in the areas of health, youth, housing, and economic development;
The development of standards and assessment tools tovaluate the support centers.
Early planning efforts focused on development of additional resources, expansion of pro bono assistance and support from the private bar and ensuring effective delivery of services by the federally funded programs.
Charged with exploring problems and opportunities in the areas identified in the project director retreat and the advocacy survey, these committees focus on Resource Development, Vision, Technology, Legislative/Administrative Advocacy, Client Access, Collaboration, and Training and Technical Assistance.
The Foundation, along with The Florida State Bar and several law firms, have provided funds to hire a statewide pro bono development director.
A region-wide community economic development initiative housed at an LSC program provides expertise and other resources to all IOTA recipients a third region.
The first Conference, attended by 180 people, in January 2000 included presentations from bar leaders from Michigan and New Mexico who reported on those states' progress in state planning, an update on state planning in Indiana and breakout sessions addressing technology, resource development, pro bono and pro se.
Development and implementation, with substantial donated funding and in-kind donations, of a statewide technology plan, enabling the five major providers to computerize their operations fully and to improve their telephone systems dramatically, as well as creation of a shared "information technology coordinator" position housed at Pine Tree Legal Services, the LSC program;
Recommendations from the planning process led to the development of the Maryland Legal Assistance Network (MLAN), funded by the Open Society Institute through a three-year $1 million grant to the Maryland Legal Services Corporation.
It recommended three broad strategies to address these issues: increasing the flow of information among the providers; establishing formal collaborative arrangements in areas such as technology, planning and development, and substantive support and training; and creation of a framework for more ongoing planning and system-wide decision-making regarding issues affecting the entire system, particularly with regard to substantive matters not being addressed.
Providing all advocates with on-line legal research capacity, including online subscription to Westlaw research, online updates of recent developments in poverty law, and links on the statewide website to free online research resources.
All legal services programs in the state are being brought up to minimum technological capacities, technology training goals are being developed and implemented, and technology-based support for the task force system is being put into place, along with the development of client access initiatives.
Resource Development.
A statewide Director of Development has been hired as part of the planned emerging state support system.
A State Resource Development Action Team and a State Rural Development Team will be convened in 2001.
A State Resource Development Action Team and a State Rural Development Team will be convened in 2001.
The Resource Development Action Team will use the results of the legal needs study to build support for state funding for civil legal services, with the participation of the courts, the bar, and others, supported by a public communications strategy and a grassroots support network.
The Rural Development team will target potential resources and launch a campaign for rural resource development.
The Rural Development team will target potential resources and launch a campaign for rural resource development.
LSNJ is both a funder/fundraiser and a state support organization providing support to the field programs in training, litigation coordination, pro bono coordination, the establishment of accountability standards, resource development, technology support, support for service delivery innovations, policy advocacy, major case advocacy, and statewide leadership.
Development of a coordinated statewide outreach and community legal education strategy;
Creation of a technology infrastructure, and the development and implementation of strategies to ensure that LSC's grantees are fully utilizing available technology to expand and improve client services.
These strategies include, but are not limited to, statewide computer training, periodic visits--by LSNJ--to local programs to assess the effectiveness of their use of technology, development of computerized intake questionnaires and case handling protocols, coordination of activities with the courts to help self-represented clients through the use of technology, upgrading and updating programs' technology capabilities and maintaining and enhancing desktop electronic research capability;
Development of expanded pro bono efforts to supplement the work of legal services programs;
Planners also identified the development of an integrated and coordinated statewide intake process as an essential component of an effective delivery system for the state.
Study systems other programs use to provide advice and brief services to clients and development of recommendations as to how these service components can be standardized from program to program.
LSC has awarded the State Support Center a Technology Integration Grant for development of web-based pro se assistance with tutorials for victims of domestic violence.
The initial planning report submitted to LSC in March 1999 ranked continuing attention to resource development as a very high priority and outlined steps to ensure continued support for legal services from filing fees, attorney registration fees, IOLTA, and other sources.
Planners in Oregon have made resource development their highest priority, concluding that a substantial infusion of new resources is the key to achieving a comprehensive, integrated statewide system that provides access to justice for all.
Prior to development of its 1998 state plan, Pennsylvania's legal services community was fragmented and performing unevenly.
Creation of the Statewide Support Team housed at Pennsylvania Legal Services to provide statewide support and leadership in three core areas enumerated in the State Plan--training, resource development and technology.
The three new positions, Director of Resource Development, Technology Coordinator, and Training and Legal Information Facilitator are supported by $250,000 funding from the Pennsylvania IOLTA Board and Pennsylvania Legal Services.
Development of a permanent state planning committee with a strong determination to build a better system.
Resource Development.
In addition, the statewide Resource Development Coordinator has established a staff-level statewide resource development committee that meets regularly by conference call, created a marketing brochure aimed at funders, provided direct technical assistance to regional fundraising efforts, and developed several major statewide grant proposals.
In addition, the statewide Resource Development Coordinator has established a staff-level statewide resource development committee that meets regularly by conference call, created a marketing brochure aimed at funders, provided direct technical assistance to regional fundraising efforts, and developed several major statewide grant proposals.
Strengthening the resource development and marketing efforts in regions and the state by developing a recognizable identity and compelling message for legal services in Pennsylvania, and staffing effective regional resource development efforts;
Strengthening the resource development and marketing efforts in regions and the state by developing a recognizable identity and compelling message for legal services in Pennsylvania, and staffing effective regional resource development efforts;
The Appleseed Justice Center coordinates training and education activities for program advocates and private attorneys to develop expertise in areas of poverty law practice, to update advocates on new developments and emerging trends in law and policy, and to ensure the use of new strategies, tools, skills and advocacy.
Current activities include the development of a pro se handbook, revision of administrative appeal notices, and expansion of the court facilitator system.
Institution of a system of Family Law Facilitators in the courts; development of a core curriculum for the judiciary on access to justice, including dealing with pro se litigants; and other joint initiatives among the bar, the courts, and legal services providers to expand access to the courts.
The development and implementation of a system-wide technology plan with compatible platforms for case management systems; hardware and software standards for the civil equal justice community; intake, timekeeping and system integration; networked computers; the capacity to ensure coordination of technology efforts throughout the delivery system; computer and software technology to support case handlers at the two statewide programs, pro bono services, and specialty legal services providers; linked websites with community legal education materials, selfhelp materials and forms, and instructions for accessing providers; and systems for technology training and support.
The West Virginia College of Law, the state's only law school, is playing an increasingly important role in the development of statewide technology and support systems.
The development of a statewide legal services website, based at the West Virginia College of Law, is currently underway.
After three years of development in the field, LSC's State Planning Initiative was formally launched in 1998.
participate in the development of plans for the design, con
Their plans were to include responses to the seven central tenets of State Planning: (1) development of intake, advice, and referral services; (2) effective usage of technology; (3) increased access to legal self-help and prevention information; (4) coordination of legal work, training, information, and ex
pert assistance; (5) engagement of pro bono attorneys; (6) development of additional state, local, and private resources; and (7) optimal configuration of service areas.
In other states, the very development and implementation of such initiatives may require overhauling or establishing new organizational relationships and service areas.
17 Program Letter 1998-1, published on February 12, 1998, called upon all LSC recipients to analyze any progress made toward the development of the legal services model envisioned by state planners.
It challenged each state to examine its organizational structures, its use of technology, intake systems, resource development, and private bar involvement through a statewide lens.
These, companion initiatives and the hardworking and talented staff who carry out these initiatives, work hand-in-glove with the equally well-qualified state planning team to promote the development of high quality, world-class delivery systems.
Program visits allow staff to monitor program developments, to learn about problems, and to develop new strategies for expanding access and enhancing quality.
In development is information about a panel of attorneys to provide "unbundled" services and mediators who offer free services to pro se litigants.
Development of an outcome measures reporting system to supplement or replace LSC's CSR system is underway.
X. Resource Development
Level LSC funding, census-related cuts in many program budgets, downturns in IOLTA and state government revenues made this past year one where LSC support for resource development was essential to the vitality of programs and state justice communities.
For example, our funds made it possible for Louisiana to adopt a multi-year development plan, and allowed West Virginia to launch a three-year private bar campaign that secured almost $300,000 in contributions and pledges prior to kickoff, with the expectation of reaching its goal of $1.
The first function acts as a forum for finding volunteers for such activities as consulting on cases, handling economic development transactions or working on intake systems.
Intrinsic to the development of the Program Letter, was the input we solicited on exemplary systems from individuals and organizations with special knowledge or experience about the topic.
Promoting the Development of Effective Legal Services
Conferees' answers to four questions (how to build collaborative relationships in rural environments; how to balance resources between urban and rural communities; how to achieve world-class delivery systems for rural clients; and how to expand resources for rural delivery) led to a list of broad recommendations for LSC and the legal services community, with particular emphasis on the development of a national voice for rural legal services.
timely information about key judicial, administrative and legislative developments at state and federal levels affecting eligible clients, and appropriate legal strategies to respond to those developments.
timely information about key judicial, administrative and legislative developments at state and federal levels affecting eligible clients, and appropriate legal strategies to respond to those developments.
State Planning Body Development
The TIG program specifically addresses the development of state technology plans by providing, through TIG grants, technical personnel needed to assist programs in using technology to deliver services to clients as effectively as possible.
For example, as a direct result of our LRI work, we were asked to cosponsor (with AARP and MIE) the "Innovations in Civil Legal Services" workshop at the NLADA Annual Conference, described in detail above in Promoting the Development of Effective Legal Services.
Concern about even lower levels of alcohol consumption in this group has prompted development of the screens TWEAK, T-ACE, and NET.
Saunders J, Aasland O, Babor T, De La Fuente J, Grant M. Development of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT).
Development and validation of the SDDS-PC screen for multiple mental disorders in primary care.
Older Patients with at-risk and problem drinking patterns: new developments in brief interventions.
Brown replied that only a certain proportion of the funding can be applied toward development in R-01 grants, and some of the technology, for example interactive videos, can be quite expensive to develop.
However, the program is still quite competitive, and the project would probably have to involve testing as well as development.
Longabaugh noted that R-21 grants, which are available for development of treatments, could be used to develop technologies.
2 This process may identify patients who have not yet developed severe dependence, thereby pre-venting the development of more intractable stages of alcoholism.
Funding for alcohol-related research needs to be provided to emergency department personnel on a priority basis because such funding will lead to their professional development, increase their national stature, lead to their advancement in professional societies, lead to association with policymakers, and enhance their opportunity to become opinion leaders.
The development of credible opinion leaders who are emergency medicine clinicians, who will endorse and advance the concept of alcohol screening and intervention, is the best means of fostering attitudinal change within that specialty.
Current funding sources are not structured to foster the development of leaders in emergency medicine who endorse the concept that addressing alcohol problems is their responsibility.
While their grant applications may not have the methodologic design that study sections composed of alcohol research specialists are accustomed to, funding such research will lead to the development of research methodologies appropriate to the emergency department setting.
will foster the development of a culture of acceptance of role responsibility to screen and intervene, and develop lobbying pressure to do so within the field of emergency medicine.
Interdisciplinary research is more likely to facilitate the development and implementation of emergency department interventions that work in the real world.
It provides a forum for the development of uniform policy and addresses the need to coordinate regulation of multi-state insurers.
3. Research support should be primarily for services research, not the development of new intervention models or prototypes.
Development of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT).
To increase research capacity, we need to teach people how to do the research through fellowships, faculty development programs and grants, mentored research awards, and other programs that foster the development of new researchers.
To increase research capacity, we need to teach people how to do the research through fellowships, faculty development programs and grants, mentored research awards, and other programs that foster the development of new researchers.
Other provisions include development of model continuing education standards for health professionals and plans for including training about alcohol and other drug problems in the standard curricula for health professionals attending institutions of higher learning.
Dr. Gentilello recommends the development of an ED alcohol research center.
He believed that the realities of our practice settings help drive the development of new ways of delivering counseling, for example, computer-based methods.
Efforts to further reduce the length of partial lifecycle toxicity tests for fish without compromising their predictive value have resulted in the development of an eight-day, embryo-larval survival and teratogenicity test for fish and other aquatic vertebrates (USEPA, 1981; Birge et al.
The tests are designed to provide dose-response information, expressed as the percent effluent concentration that affects the survival, fertilization, growth, and/or development within the prescribed period of time (40 minutes to seven days).
The data are used for NPDES permits development and to determine compliance with permit toxicity limits.
Modifications of these tests are also used in toxicity reduction evaluations and toxicity identification evaluations to identify the toxic components of an effluent, to aid in the development and implementation of toxicity reduction plans, and to compare and control the effectiveness of various treatment technologies for a given type of industry, irrespective of the receiving water (USEPA, 1988a; USEPA, 1988b; USEPA, 1989a; USEPA, 1989b; USEPA, 1991a).
Development and maintenance of an effective health and safety program in the laboratory requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management, and includes (1) the appointment of a laboratory health and safety officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a safety program, (2) the preparation of a formal, written, health and safety plan, which is provided to each laboratory staff member, (3) an ongoing training program on laboratory safety, and (4) regularly scheduled, documented, safety inspections.
1 Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance (QA) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management, and includes the following: (1) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program;
EMSL-Cincinnati hopes to release EPAcertified solutions of cadmium and copper, with accompanying toxicity data for the recommended test species, for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers, and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release.
the results of the most current research and development regarding technologiesand strategies to reduce the emissions of one or more of these pollutants from affected EGUs under subpart 2 of part B, subpart 2 of part C, or part D, as applicable and the results of the most current research and development regarding technologies for other sources of the same pollutants;
the results of the most current research and development regarding technologiesand strategies to reduce the emissions of one or more of these pollutants from affected EGUs under subpart 2 of part B, subpart 2 of part C, or part D, as applicable and the results of the most current research and development regarding technologies for other sources of the same pollutants;
enhance current research and development of promising multi-pollutant control strategiesand CEMS for mercury;
-The Administrator shall collaborate with the Secretary of Energy to enhance research and development, and conduct new research that facilitates research into and development of innovative technologies to control sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury, and particulate matter at a lower cost than existing technologies.
-The Administrator shall collaborate with the Secretary of Energy to enhance research and development, and conduct new research that facilitates research into and development of innovative technologies to control sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury, and particulate matter at a lower cost than existing technologies.
Such research and development shall provide updated information on the cost and feasibility of technologies.
In addition, the research and development shall:
expand lab- and pilot-scale mercury and multi-pollutant control programs by the Secretaryof Energy and the Administrator, including development of enhanced sorbents and scrubbers for use on all coal types;
The data are used for NPDES permits development and to determine compliance with permit toxicity limits.
Modifications of these tests are also used in toxicity reduction evaluations and toxicity identification evaluations to identify the toxic components of an effluent, to aid in the development and implementation of toxicity reduction plans, and to compare and control the effectiveness of various treatment technologies for a given type of industry, irrespective of the receiving water (USEPA, 1988c; USEPA, 1989b; USEPA 1989c; USEPA, 1989d; USEPA, 1989e; USEPA, 1991a; USEPA, 1991b; and USEPA, 1992).
Efforts to further reduce the length of partial life-cycle toxicity tests for fish without compromising their predictive value have resulted in the development of an eight-day, embryo-larval survival and teratogenicity test for fish and other aquatic vertebrates (USEPA, 1981; Birge et al.
Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance (QA) program (USEPA, 1991a) requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management.
EMSL-Cincinnati hopes to release USEPA-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers, and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release.
Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance (QA) program (USEPA, 1991b) requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management.
EMSL-Cincinnati plans to release USEPA-certified solutions of cadmium and copper for use as reference toxicants, through cooperative research and development agreements with commercial suppliers, and will continue to develop additional reference toxicants for future release.
The President's Energy Plan includes a number of conservation, advanced research and development, and other efforts that will reduce electricity usage.
The President's Energy Plan, and the climate change strategy that is under development, will provide benefits by addressing climate change.
To address global climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, we are pursuing a broad array of conservation and energy efficiency goals under the Administration's National Energy Policy as well as the development of a comprehensive policy under the ongoing cabinet-level review for this issue.
That is why this Administration supports the development of new legislation that builds on the success of the market-based Acid Rain Program to reduce significantly the SO2, NOx and mercury emissions from power generation.
Two scenarios from Scenarios for a Clean Energy Future published by Oak Ridge National Laboratory, National Renewable Energy Laboratory, and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, which include assumptions about changes in consumer behavior, additional research and development, and voluntary and information programs.
The Clean Energy Future scenarios have been criticized on several grounds: assumed changes in consumer behavior that are not consistent with historic behavior patterns, results from research and development funding increases that have not occurred, and voluntary and information programs for which there is no analytic basis for evaluating the impacts.
The costs include: (1) direct investment costs, (2) operating and maintenance costs, (3) research and development and other government program costs, (4) transaction, search, and compliance costs, (5) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks, (6) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements, and (7) potential interactions with the existing tax system.
The costs associated with the emission limits in each scenario are computed as the increased expenditures on pollution control, investment in more efficient equipment and appliances, research and development, tax incentives, and additional government programs - all relative to the reference case.
The standard technology assumptions of scenario A were used by EIA in the development of the AEO2001 "reference case" projections.
Moreover, both scenarios reflected increased spending for research and development and other programs designed to accelerate the development and deployment of low-carbon, energy efficient technologies.
Moreover, both scenarios reflected increased spending for research and development and other programs designed to accelerate the development and deployment of low-carbon, energy efficient technologies.
The scenario A reference case assumes a "business-as-usual" characterization of technology development and deployment.
The policies include increased research and development funding, equipment standards, financial incentives, voluntary programs, and other regulatory initiatives.
4 billion increase in cost-shared research, development, and demonstration of efficient and clean-energy technologies (in 1999 dollars with half as federal appropriations and half as private-sector cost share).
Moreover, the EIA suggests that there is little documentation to support the assumed technological improvements generated by the research and development (R&D) initiatives described in the report.
Because these expenditures ignore spending on energy efficiency, research and development outside the electricity sector-spending that can be substantial-they are not measures of program costs.
This reflects the cost of the program in terms of the decreased well being of households who must forego a fraction of their consumption of goods and services in order to pay for both research and development programs, energy efficiency improvements, and more expensive electricity production.
The goal of this research effort is to catalyze development and implementation of innovative, cost-effective environmental technologies; develop scientific and engineering information needed by EPA to support regulatory and policy decisions; and provide technical support and information transfer to ensure effective implementation of environmental regulations and strategies.
It is published and made available by EPA's Office of Research and Development to assist the user community and to link researchers with their clients.
Environmental Protection Agency Office of Research and Development Washington, DC 20460 
Technical guidance was received from Dr. Ravi Srivastava of the National Risk Management Research Laboratory, Office of Research and Development, U.S.
The development of control technology alternatives to selective catalytic reduction (SCR) under the NOX State Implementation Plan (SIP) Call is another example of how alternative solutions may require fewer resources than the projected approach.
Also, other sorbent-based approaches in development may prove in time to be preferable to ACI, making the use of ACI only a conservative assumption.
Additionally, there are other technologies under development that potentially could reduce activated carbon demand from what is estimated here.
Under current law, the necessary reductions would be achieved through the development of individual state plans.
The "National Climate Change Technology Initiative" will accelerate priority research and the application of advanced energy and sequestration technologies, recognizing that the real answer to addressing climate change in the long term lies in the development and global introduction of such technologies in this century.
Section 482 contains provisions for evaluating and reporting the efficacy of the new sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and mercury trading programs and conducting scientific and technical research and development.
Section II (Analytical Approach) discusses the analytic framework used in conducting this assessment, which includes scenario development, emissions modeling, air quality modeling, human health and visibility effects estimation, economic valuation, and adjustments for income growth and benefits aggregation.
Scenario development
After scenario development, the second step of the benefits analysis is the estimation of the effect of the Clear Skies Act on emissions sources.
Baseline and Regulatory Scenario Development
Emissions Profile Development
Some of these models have been employed in support of the development of federal clean air programs, national assessment studies, State Implementation Plans (SIPs), and individual air toxic source risk assessments.
Methods for mercury benefits analyses are still under development and do not yet provide a means to estimate the mercury-related benefits of the Clear Skies Act.
Neurological disorders Learning disabilities Retarded development Cerebral palsy
(1995) provide evidence that long-term PM exposure leads to the development of chronic bronchitis in the U.S.
There has been a great deal of controversy and significant development of both theoretical and empirical knowledge about how to conduct CV surveys in the past decade.
Estimated Long-Term Ambient Concentrations of PM(10) and Development of Respiratory Symptoms in a Nonsmoking Population."
Using a threestep development planning process, managers assess their current capabilities, determine their specific development needs, and build and execute a development plan.
Using a threestep development planning process, managers assess their current capabilities, determine their specific development needs, and build and execute a development plan.
Using a threestep development planning process, managers assess their current capabilities, determine their specific development needs, and build and execute a development plan.
Training and career development programs use both classroom instruction and rotational assignments.
In this practice we discuss the training, career development, and successionplanning strategies leading finance organizations use to develop a team with the right mix of skills and competencies.
The training and career development programs of the leading finance organizations we visited provided intensive 2to 3year entry level programs as well as midcareer and executivelevel programs that used both classroom instruction and rotational assignments to develop technical, management, and leadership skills and competencies.
However, the key to implementing a successful career development program is to complement course work with reallife business experience through the use of planned rotational assignments.
Using both classroom training, planned staff rotations, and interagency assignments, design a career development program geared toward
A variety of clear career path opportunities are offered and staff development programs are used as a means of exposing staff to different career opportunities.
As discussed in practice 10, sound training and career development strategies are needed for the finance organization to meet the current and future human capital needs of the business.
These organizations often used their staff development programs to provide these opportunities.
For example, as discussed in practice 10, career development programs often include rotational assignments and not only provide excellent growth opportunities but also expose staff to a variety of career path opportunities.
Utilize staff development programs and planned staff rotations to expose financial managers and staff to a variety of career paths.
We also reviewed various company documents, including vision statements, strategic plans, core competencies for finance personnel, training and development guides, key financial reports, performance metrics, and other documents related to reengineering efforts of the finance organization.
Department of Housing and Urban Development 27,527
In addition, there are many aspects of information security, such as risk assessment, policy development, and disaster recovery planning, that require coordinated management attention.
In particular, senior executive recognition of information security risks and interest in taking steps to understand and manage these risks were the most important factors in prompting development of more formal information security programs.
In addition, the group participates in the company's strategic planning efforts and in the early stages of software development projects to ensure that security implications of these efforts are addressed.
However, the university had established an information security policy committee that included top university officials, legal counsel, and representatives from student affairs, faculty affairs, and internal audit to assist in the development and review of policies.
Case Example - Coordinating Policy Development and Awareness Activities
Since then, this individual's responsibilities for information security policy development and awareness, which had previously been handled on a part-time basis, have evolved into a full-time "awareness manager position" in the organization's central security group.
To reduce the chances of a similar incident, the awareness manager concurrently (1) coordinated the development of a policy describing organizational data classification standards and (2) developed a brochure and guidelines to publicize the new standards and educate employees on their implementation.
By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner, she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins, an intranet web site, and presentations to new employees.
However, several security managers said that the development of automated monitoring tools is lagging behind the introduction of new computer and network technologies and that this has impaired their efforts to detect incidents, especially unauthorized intrusions.
IRS Systems Security and Funding: Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified (GAO/T-AIMD-97-82, April 15, 1997)
Information Superhighway: Issues Affecting Development (GAO/RCED-94-285, September 30, 1994)
We wish to acknowledge the significant assistance provided by others to the development of this guide.
GAO devotes a limited portion of its resources for research and development that enables GAO to
By law, the Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform committees may request a copy of any draft product generated under GAO's legislative authority (research and development work) when it is sent to the agency for comment.
In such cases, GAO will advise the requester that it cannot do the work as a request but will instead address the issue as part of GAO's research and development work.
The development of new service approaches and the enhancement of old ones in this new information era require the active participation of information management organizations from the beginning.
To reap the full benefits of information management reform, federal agencies must utilize the full potential of CIOs as information management leaders and active participants in the development of agency strategic plans and policies.
We would like to thank members of GAO«s Executive Council on Information Management and Technology for their comments and suggestions in the development of this guide.
Figure 1 illustrates the six fundamental principles described by the CIOs interviewed during the development of this guide.
Without credibility, the CIO organization will struggle to be accepted as a full participant in the development of new organizational systems and processes.
Once executive management endorses the centrality of the CIO organization and becomes a partner in the development of new systems, the CIO organization must execute its responsibilities successfully.
Performance measurement (principle IV) and information management human capital development (principle VI) are two areas that private, state, and federal CIOs all agreed must be addressed in order for the CIO and the supporting organization to be successful.
In both performance measurement and human capital development, practices used by the federal CIOs differed from those of CIOs in leading organizations, though federal CIOs were actively trying to address the issues.
At the same time, an understanding of the information technology and management practices of leading organizations could contribute to the development of improved CIO management practices in the federal sector.
Leading organizations further the two-way exchange of ideas and perspectives by bringing in experts from the field to advise or educate managers on recent trends and developments in both the business and technology arenas.
The new IT organization became responsible for such strategic activities as participating in the development of overall business strategies; prioritizing IT requirements; generating IT business plans; setting technical and architectural standards; managing user interfaces, outsourcing contracts, suppliers, and systems engineering; and allocating IT resources.
CIOs recognize that showing interim results concurrent with more protracted efforts such as multiyear systems developments, ƒbig-ticket≈ infrastructure projects, or business process reengineering can have significant positive impact on CIO credibility.
Under CIO guidance, JNET has been planned as a multiphase, multiyear development effort with interim products and results.
An organization«s sourcing strategy is part of a larger human capital development strategy, which is discussed in principle VI.
Typically, leading organizations cultivate long-term skills such as contract management, project management, and security management, while outsourcing short-term skills such as application development.
IT skills are in great demand which made hiring by the state difficult, so this CIO looked for alternatives to in-house software development and management.
The organization uses a centralized IT infrastructure with decentralized development efforts to provide efficiency and security for its corporate customers.
We have found that case studies provide an abundant source of information describing management practices and the intellectual background that led to the development of those practices.
Federal Debt is Not an Option 84 Text Box 4.3: Individual Development Accounts for Low-Income
force-the nation's human capital-as well as research and development to spur technological advances.
GDP is also the measure cited in economic trend analyses and for cross-country comparisons by many, including the President's Council of Economic Advisers, the International Monetary Fund, and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Many economists agree that spending both on education and on general research and development (R&D) enhances future economic capacity and, conceptually, should be considered investment.
A legal and institutional environment that facilitates the development and enforcement of contracts and discourages crime and corruption may also contribute to economic growth.
, International Capital Markets: Developments, Prospects, and Key Policy Issues (Washington, D.C.: International Monetary Fund, September 2000), pp. 9-10.
Text Box 4.3: Individual Development Accounts for Low-Income Savers
Individual development accounts (IDAs) are special saving accounts for low-income families.
According to the Center for Social Development, as of January 2001, 29 states had passed legislation establishing IDA programs, and 32 states had incorporated IDAs into their TANF plans.
Sources: The Center for Social Development, Washington University in St. Louis, and Vee Burke, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and Individual Development Accounts, Congressional Research Service, January 17, 2001.
Sources: The Center for Social Development, Washington University in St. Louis, and Vee Burke, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and Individual Development Accounts, Congressional Research Service, January 17, 2001.
Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States-compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
For example, a broader saving and investment measure might encompass spending on education as well as research and development.
A more detailed approach would confront major uncertainties concerning the actual course of world economic development, exchange rates, and rates of return.
St. Louis, MO: Center for Social Development, July 1997.
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, December 1998.
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, OECD Economic Outlook, No.
Of the elements that are critical to the identification, development, and implementation of activities to reduce improper payments, perhaps the most significant is the control environment.
Texas used the results to improve its fraud and abuse detection process by considering certain high-risk areas in the development of data analysis techniques in its Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Detection System (MFADS).
For example, SSA shares data with the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) so it can perform a match to verify the identity of recipients of housing benefits and identify potentially fraudulent claims.
The information on these schemes is used in the development and implementation of targeted analyses that are run against the data warehouse information to identify data relationships and anomalies, which are often signs of fraud.
New initiatives that Illinois expects will further improve data mining at IDPA are the development of a 3-day training course to help users properly structure queries and the use of data mining software.
HHSC awarded a contract for the development and operational support of MFADS.
1 million for contractor operations that include the development and ongoing support of the models.
For example, the Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA) Financial Services Center (FSC) in Austin, Texas, had contracted with recovery audit firms in the past, but now performs recovery auditing in-house using about three full-time employees to administer the program and one employee for software development.
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development provides a setting in which 30 member countries can discuss, develop, and perfect economic and social policy.
One of the major activities of the organization is the development of technical and business standards.
Best Practices of Leading Commercial Companies12 DOD's Traditional Approach to Product Development15 DOD's Adoption of Best Practices16 Objectives, Scope, and Methodology17
29 Leading Commercial Companies Use Evolutionary Product Development Framework to Reduce Development Risks30 Leading Commercial Companies Use a Product Development Process to Capture Design and Manufacturing Knowledge for Decision Making32 When DOD Programs More Closely Approximated Best Practices, Outcomes Were Better43
29 Leading Commercial Companies Use Evolutionary Product Development Framework to Reduce Development Risks30 Leading Commercial Companies Use a Product Development Process to Capture Design and Manufacturing Knowledge for Decision Making32 When DOD Programs More Closely Approximated Best Practices, Outcomes Were Better43
29 Leading Commercial Companies Use Evolutionary Product Development Framework to Reduce Development Risks30 Leading Commercial Companies Use a Product Development Process to Capture Design and Manufacturing Knowledge for Decision Making32 When DOD Programs More Closely Approximated Best Practices, Outcomes Were Better43
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product's Development Can Take15 DOD's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD's Acquisition Process56
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product's Development Can Take15 DOD's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD's Acquisition Process56
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product's Development Can Take15 DOD's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD's Acquisition Process56
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product's Development Can Take15 DOD's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development16 Notional Single-Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products31 Achieving Stability on AIM-9X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F-22 Program46 PAC-3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD's Acquisition Process56
DOD has recognized the nature of this problem and has taken steps to address it, including advocating the use of best practices for product development from commercial companies.
Leading commercial companies have achieved more predictable outcomes from their product development processes because they identify and control design and manufacturing risks early and manage them effectively.
This report addresses how DOD can manage its weapon system acquisition process to ensure important knowledge about a system's design, critical manufacturing processes, and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to substantial development and production investments.
It identifies best practices to facilitate this decision making at two critical junctures-transition from system integration to system demonstration during product development and then transition into production.
In any new product development program there are three critical points that require the capture of specific knowledge to achieve successful outcomes.
Commercial companies insist that technology be mature at the outset of a product development program and, therefore, separate technology development from product development.
Commercial companies insist that technology be mature at the outset of a product development program and, therefore, separate technology development from product development.
Commercial companies insist that technology be mature at the outset of a product development program and, therefore, separate technology development from product development.
Commercial companies understand the importance of capturing design and manufacturing knowledge early in product development, when costs to identify problems and make design changes to the product are significantly cheaper.
In a knowledge-based process, the achievement of each successive knowledge point builds on the preceding one, giving decision makers the knowledge they need-when they need it-to make decisions about whether to invest significant additional funds to move forward with product development.
Problems occur in programs when knowledge builds more slowly than commitments to enter product development or production.
If a decision is made to commit to develop and produce a design before the critical technology, design, or manufacturing knowledge is captured, problems will cascade and become magnified through the product development and production phases.
8, 2001) and Best Practices: Better Management of Technology Development Can Improve Weapon System Outcomes, GAO/NSIAD-99-162(Washington, D.C.: July 30, 1999).
A product development process includes two phases followed by production-integration phase and demonstration phase.
The commercial companies GAO visited achieved success in product development by first achieving a mature, stable design supported by completed engineering drawings during an integration phase and then by demonstrating that the product's design was reliable and critical manufacturing processes required to build it were in control before committing to full production.
Leading commercial companies employed practices to capture design and manufacturing knowledge in time for making key decisions during product development.
First, the companies kept the degree of the design challenge manageable before starting a new product development program by using an evolutionary approach to develop a product.
Second, the companies captured design and manufacturing knowledge before the two critical decision points in product development: when the design was demonstrated to be stable-the second knowledge point-and when the product was demonstrated to be producible at an affordable cost-the third knowledge point.
In addition, it does not require a decision review to enter the demonstration phase of product development.
Further, there is little incentive for DOD program managers to capture knowledge early in the development process.
In contrast, commercial companies encourage their managers to capture product design and manufacturing knowledge to identify and resolve problems early in development, before making significant increases in their investment.
Leading commercial companies do not make significant investments to continue a product development or its production until they have knowledge that the product's design works and it can be manufactured efficiently within cost and schedule expectations.
This approach reduced the amount of risk in the development of each increment, facilitating greater success in meeting cost, schedule, and performance requirements.
The commercial companies GAO visited used the evolutionary approach as their method for product development.
For the most part, DOD programs try to achieve the same leap in performance but in just one step, contributing to development times that can take over 15 years to deliver a new capability to the military user.
Second, each leading commercial company had a product development process that was prominent and central to its success.
The process was championed by executive leadership and embraced by product managers and development teams as an effective way to do business.
Critical to the product development process were activities that enabled the capture of specific design and manufacturing knowledge and decision reviews to determine if the knowledge captured would support the increased investment necessary to move to the next development phase or into production.
Critical to the product development process were activities that enabled the capture of specific design and manufacturing knowledge and decision reviews to determine if the knowledge captured would support the increased investment necessary to move to the next development phase or into production.
DOD recently changed its acquisition policy to emphasize evolutionary acquisition and establish separate integration and demonstration phases in the product development process.
It also lacks a decision review to proceed from the integration phase to the demonstration phase of product development.
While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined, knowledge-based product development process, the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively.
This undermines a knowledge-based process for making product development decisions.
Instead, program managers and contractors push the capture of design and manufacturing knowledge to later in the development program to avoid the identification of problems that might stop or limit funding.
Because of this, they encourage their managers to capture product design and manufacturing knowledge to identify and resolve problems early in development, before making significant increases in their investment.
Over the next 5 years, starting in fiscal year 2003, DOD's request for weapon system development and acquisition funds is estimated to be $700 billion (see fig.
In view of the importance of DOD's investment in weapon systems, we have undertaken an extensive body of work that examines DOD's acquisition issues from a different, more cross-cutting perspective-one that draws lessons learned from the best commercial product development efforts to see if they apply to weapon system acquisitions.
This report looks at the core of the acquisition process, specifically product development and ways to successfully design and manufacture the product.
Figure 1: Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 2007
Collectively, these practices ensure that a high level of knowledge exists about critical facets of the product at key junctures during development.
Such a knowledgebased process enables decision makers to be reasonably certain about critical facets of the product under development when they need this knowledge.
To ensure the right level of knowledge at each key decision point in product development, leading commercial companies separate technology from product development and take steps to ensure the product design is stabilized early so product performance and producibility can be demonstrated before production.
To ensure the right level of knowledge at each key decision point in product development, leading commercial companies separate technology from product development and take steps to ensure the product design is stabilized early so product performance and producibility can be demonstrated before production.
Figure 2: Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products
Programs that do not typically encounter problems that eventually cascade and become magnified through the product development and production phases.
DOD's Traditional Approach to Product Development
Figure 3: Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product's Development Can Take
This environment has made it difficult for either DOD or congressional decision makers to make informed decisions because appropriate knowledge has not been available at key decision points in product development.
Figure 4: DOD's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development
with actions aimed at reducing product development cycle times and improving the predictability of cost and schedule outcomes.
While these are good first steps, further use of best practices in product development would provide a greater opportunity to improve weapon system cost and schedule outcomes.
Our overall objective was to determine whether best practices offer methods to improve the way DOD ensures that the design is stable early in the development process and whether having manufacturing processes in control before production results in better cost, schedule, and quality outcomes in DOD major acquisition programs.
Specifically, we identified best practices that have led to more successful product development and production outcomes, compared the best practices to those used in DOD programs, and analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices.
On the basis of our literature searches and discussions with experts, we identified a number of commercial companies as having innovative development processes and practices that resulted in successful product development.
On the basis of our literature searches and discussions with experts, we identified a number of commercial companies as having innovative development processes and practices that resulted in successful product development.
At each of the five companies, we conducted structured interviews with representatives to gather uniform and consistent information about each company's new product development processes and best practices.
During the past 5 years, we have gathered information on product development practices from such companies as 3M, Boeing Commercial Airplane Group, Chrysler Corporation, Bombardier Aerospace, Ford Motor Company, Hughes Space and Communications, and Motorola Corporation.
Our report highlights several best practices in product development based on our fieldwork.
Representatives from the commercial companies visited told us that the development of their best practices has evolved over many years and that the practices continue to be improved based on lessons learned and new ideas and information.
Further, because of the sensitivity to how data that would show the actual outcomes of new product development efforts might affect their competitive standing, we did not obtain specific cost, schedule, and performance data.
Next, we compared and contrasted the best practices with product development practices used in five DOD major acquisition programs.
The Air Force expects to buy 341 at a total acquisition cost (development and procurement) estimated at $69.
The "hit-to-kill" missile capabilities represent a major part of the development program, as these are not capabilities included in prior versions of the Patriot system.
The development program began in 1992.
This basis for selection was to compare and contrast the development practices used on each with best practices used by the commercial companies.
Our analysis of the data was used as a basis to develop indicators of each program's development efficiencies and detailed questions to discuss product design and manufacturing practices.
This knowledge comes in the form of completed engineering drawings before transitioning from the system integration phase to the system demonstration phase of product development.
Conceptually, the product development process has two phases: a system integration phase to stabilize the product's design and a system demonstration phase to demonstrate the product can be manufactured affordably and work reliably.
Bypassing critical knowledge at either knowledge point will usually result in cost, schedule, and performance problems later in product development and production.
On these programs, the initial phase of production-sometimes known as low-rate initial production-was able to focus on building operational test articles and improving the production processes, instead of continuing the product's design and development.
The most problematic programs also started production before design and manufacturing development work was concluded.
In these cases, programs were producing items for the customers while making major product design and tooling changes, still establishing manufacturing processes, and conducting development testing.
These programs came very close to meeting their original cost and schedule estimates for product development.
Their development cost and schedule results significantly exceeded estimates.
At the 1999 critical design review, the estimated development and production costs totaled $2.
F-22 Program Experience The F-22 program began detailed design efforts in 1991 when it entered a planned 8-year product development phase.
At that time, the program office had estimated the cost to complete the development program at $19.
In 1997, an independent review team examined the program and determined the product development effort was underestimated.
Between 1995 and 1998, the development estimate for the F-22 increased by over $3.
As of December 2001, the estimated development cost was $26.
manufacturing problems that started during development.
The independent review team evaluated the cost impact on the production aircraft that would likely occur because of cost and schedule problems in development and found that production aircraft would have to begin later, at a slower pace, and cost more than expected.
This estimate was based on the effort needed so far to build the aircraft during product development.
Since it began in 1995, the ATIRCM/CMWS program has had significant cost growth and schedule delays during product development.
It was not until 1999, about 2 years after the critical design review, that program officials felt that the design had stabilized; however, by this time, the product development cost had increased 160 percent and production had been delayed by almost 3 years.
Many of the development units were built by hand, in different facilities, and with different processes and personnel.
Program officials stated that because they did not stabilize the design until late in development, manufacturing issues were not adequately addressed.
Leading commercial companies have been successful in achieving product development goals because they have found ways to enable the capture of design and manufacturing knowledge about the products they are developing in a timely way.
We found two practices that allowed leading commercial companies to capture necessary knowledge for product development.
First, they established a framework of evolutionary product development that limited the amount of design and manufacturing knowledge that had to be captured.
This framework limited the design challenge for any one new product development by requiring risky technology, design, or manufacturing requirements to be deferred until a future generation of the product.
Second, each company (1) employed a disciplined product development process that brought together and integrated all of the technologies, components, and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable before entering product demonstration and (2) demonstrated the product was reliable and producible using proven manufacturing processes before entering production.
The product development process includes tools that both capture knowledge and tie this knowledge to decisions about the product's design and manufacturing processes before making commitments that would significantly affect company resources.
Leading Commercial Companies Use Evolutionary Product Development Framework to Reduce Development Risks
Leading Commercial Companies Use Evolutionary Product Development Framework to Reduce Development Risks
programs-the F-22, ATIRCMS, and PAC-3-did not closely approximate best practices in capturing design or manufacturing knowledge during product development.
They took on greater design challenges, had program reviews that were not supported by critical design and manufacturing knowledge, and made decisions to advance to the next phases of development without sufficient design and manufacturing knowledge.
This approach permitted companies to focus more on design and development with a limited array of new content and technologies in a program.
It also ensured that each company had the requisite knowledge for a product's design before investing in the development of manufacturing processes and facilities.
Design elements not achievable in the initial development were planned for subsequent development efforts in future generations of the product, but only when technologies were proven to be mature and other resources were available.
Design elements not achievable in the initial development were planned for subsequent development efforts in future generations of the product, but only when technologies were proven to be mature and other resources were available.
This approach reduces the amount of risk in the development of each increment, facilitating greater success in meeting cost, schedule, and performance requirements.
Each commercial company we visited used the evolutionary approach as the primary method of product development.
General Electric builds on the basic capability of a fielded product by introducing proven improvements in capability from its advanced engineering development team.
General Electric considers the introduction of immature technologies into fielded products or new engine development programs as a significant cost and schedule risk.
Its new product development process is primarily focused on reducing and managing risk for design changes and product
Leading Commercial Companies Use a Product Development Process to Capture Design and Manufacturing Knowledge for Decision Making
Now, both companies have new product development processes that actively manage the amount of new content that can be placed on a new product development effort.
Now, both companies have new product development processes that actively manage the amount of new content that can be placed on a new product development effort.
Even during the development of its 797 mining truck, which it considered a major design challenge, it did not require the truck to achieve capabilities-such as prognostics for better maintenance-that it could not demonstrate or validate in the design in a timely manner.
Decisions are continually made throughout product development without knowing the cost and schedule ramifications.
Leading commercial companies we visited had spent significant amounts of time and resources to develop and evolve new product development processes that ensured design and manufacturing knowledge was captured at the two critical decision points in product development: when the product's design was demonstrated to be stable-knowledge point 2-and when the product was demonstrated to be producible at an affordable cost-knowledge point 3. The process established a disciplined framework to capture specific design and manufacturing knowledge about new products.
Leading commercial companies we visited had spent significant amounts of time and resources to develop and evolve new product development processes that ensured design and manufacturing knowledge was captured at the two critical decision points in product development: when the product's design was demonstrated to be stable-knowledge point 2-and when the product was demonstrated to be producible at an affordable cost-knowledge point 3. The process established a disciplined framework to capture specific design and manufacturing knowledge about new products.
Companies then used that knowledge to make informed decisions about moving forward in a new product development program.
Each commercial firm we visited had a new product development process that was prominent and central to the firm's successes.
Once the program achieved a stable design, the certainty of their cost and schedule estimates was substantially increased, allowing them to plan the balance of the product development program with high confidence.
Table 3 shows the activities required to capture design knowledge that leads to executive decisions about whether to transition to the next phase of development.
If the product under development was an incremental improvement to existing products, such as the next generation of a printer or engine, these companies used virtual prototypes for any components that were being used for the first time.
Prototypes at this stage in development were typically not built in a manufacturing facility.
Table 4 shows an example of the types and purposes for various kinds of prototypes used by Cummins Inc. depending on the amount of knowledge it needed to capture and the point it was in the development process.
Prototypes were used by commercial companies throughout the product development process and not just during product integration.
Table 4: Examples of Prototypes Used by Cummins Inc. at Various Stages of Product Development
Cummins, the world sales leader in diesel engines over 200 horsepower, effectively uses prototypes to ensure that a design is stable and believes in the value of prototyping throughout product development.
A Cummins representative stated that not using prototypes becomes a matter of "pay me now or pay me later," meaning that it is far less costly to demonstrate a product's design early in development with prototypes, concepts, and analyses than to incur the cost of significant design changes after a product has entered production-a much more costly environment to make changes.
In addition to using engineering prototypes during the product integration phase of product development, Cummins and other companies we visited used other prototypes-such as production representative prototypes-in the remaining product development phases before production, as shown in table 4, to demonstrate product reliability and process control.
In addition to using engineering prototypes during the product integration phase of product development, Cummins and other companies we visited used other prototypes-such as production representative prototypes-in the remaining product development phases before production, as shown in table 4, to demonstrate product reliability and process control.
That is, it tries to develop new products that increase the capabilities of existing product lines, but it limits the amount of new content on any one product development because new content inherently increases design risk.
Caterpillar was able to deliver this design in 18 months after the product development was started.
Each company had a design review process that began at the component level, continued through the subsystem level, and culminated with a critical design review of the integrated system to determine if the product was ready to progress to the next phase of development.
This decision point used the knowledge captured as exit criteria for moving to the next phase of development.
Options included canceling the development program, delaying the decision until all criteria were met, or moving ahead with a detailed plan to achieve criteria not met by a specific time when leadership would revisit the other options.
One company emphasized that if a major milestone is delayed, an appropriate adjustment should be made to the end date of the program, thereby avoiding compressing the time allotted for the rest of product development and managing the risks that subsequent milestones will be missed.
This decision point coincides with the companies' need to increase investments in the product development and continue to the next phase.
For this reason, the decision point was considered critical to achieving success in product development and could not be taken lightly.
Company officials told us that these two tools enabled a smooth transition from product development to production, resulting in better program outcomes.
Table 5 shows the activities required to capture manufacturing knowledge that leads to executive decisions about whether to transition from product development into production.
The earlier this takes place, the less impact it will have on the development and production program.
Several commercial companies we visited began gathering this data very early in development and tracked it throughout development.
Several commercial companies we visited began gathering this data very early in development and tracked it throughout development.
Before Caterpillar starts making parts, it estimates the product's reliability in its current stage of development based on knowledge captured from failure modes and effects analysis,6 component prototype testing, and past product experience.
If trade-offs are not possible, decision makers may decide not to go forward with the development.
Caterpillar improves the product's reliability during development by testing prototypes, uncovering failures, and incorporating design changes.
The commercial companies, after capturing specific manufacturing knowledge, had executive level reviews to determine if the product development had sufficiently progressed to permit a transition into production.
As a result, they experienced significant increases in development costs and production delays usually at the expense of other DOD programs.
AIM-9X Missile Program The AIM-9X development practices closely paralleled best practices used by the commercial companies we visited.
Program officials stated that testing of engineering prototypes uncovered problems with missile design and manufacturing tooling early in the development, during system integration, allowing time to re-design and re-test in follow-on configurations.
The F/A-18 E/F aircraft development program was able to take advantage of knowledge captured in developing and manufacturing prior versions of the aircraft.
The program also identified the critical manufacturing processes and collected statistical process control data early in product development.
It did not complete 90 percent of the necessary engineering drawings until 1998, after the first two development aircraft were delivered.
The F-22 program initially had taken steps to use statistical process control data during development and gain control of critical manufacturing processes by the full rate production decision.
Therefore, because of the immature design, initially manufactured development missiles were hand-made, took longer to build than planned, and suffered from poor quality.
According to program officials, there was little emphasis during development or initial production on using statistical control on critical manufacturing processes.
Most of the development missiles were built in specialty shops rather than in a manufacturing environment.
During development, the supplier had difficulty in designing and manufacturing this subsystem.
In addition, between 1995 and 1999, the development contract target price increased by 165 percent.
Program officials said that an immature design limited their ability to begin reliability testing earlier in development.
The program plans to build, develop, and test six additional development units during 2002 and 2003 that will incorporate design changes to fix the system failures.
As demonstrated by successful companies, using these criteria can help ensure that the right knowledge is collected at the right time and that it will provide the basis for key decisions to commit to significant increases in investment as product development moves forward.
While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined, knowledge-based product development process, the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively.
These incentives undermine a knowledge-based process for making product development decisions.
Instead, program managers and contractors push the capture of design and manufacturing knowledge to later in the development program to avoid the identification of problems that might stop or limit its funding.
Such an approach invariably leads to added costs because programs are forced to fix problems late in development.
Because of this, they encourage their managers to capture product design and manufacturing knowledge to identify and resolve problems early in development, before making significant increases in their investment.
Greater emphasis on evolutionary acquisitions and structuring the product development process into two phases-system integration and system demonstration-were good first steps for DOD to achieve its goals of buying higher quality systems in less time and for lower costs.
In three of the five DOD program examples in chapter 3, managers decided to move forward in development, even when developers had failed to capture design and manufacturing knowledge to support increased investments.
The low-rate initial production decision occurs after this phase of product development.
With more specific knowledge in hand at the end of development, decision makers can make a more informed decision to move into production with assurances that the product will achieve its cost, schedule, and quality outcomes.
Finally, while DOD's policy separates product development into a two-stage process-integration and demonstration-it does not require a decision milestone to move from one stage to the next.
On the other hand, commercial companies consider this review a critical decision point in their product development process because it precedes a commitment to significantly increase their investment.
The incentives for program managers and product developers to gather knowledge and reduce risk are also critical to DOD's ability to adopt best practices for product development.
This environment results in higher risks and a greater reliance on cost-reimbursement10 contracts for longer periods of time during product development.
They are suitable for use only when uncertainties involved in contract performance, such as research and development work, do not permit costs to be estimated with sufficient accuracy.
Also, if one product development takes more time and money to complete than expected, it denies the firm opportunities to invest those resources in other products.
Production is a dominant concern in commercial companies throughout the product development process and forces discipline and trade-offs in the design process.
annual basis in DOD, strong incentives exist for the program office to make optimistic assumptions about development cost and schedule.
Instead, DOD's product development environment relies on cost-type contracting throughout the entire product development process.
Instead, DOD's product development environment relies on cost-type contracting throughout the entire product development process.
Once in production, programs will cut quantities to maintain funding or once fielded, they rely on the operations and maintenance budget to pay for reliability problems not solved in development.
This approach means adopting and implementing an evolutionary approach to developing new weapon systems, improving policy to more closely approximate a knowledge-based product development process, and creating incentives for capturing and using knowledge for decision making.
Without an evolutionary approach as its foundation, the ability to capture design and manufacturing knowledge early in the development process is significantly reduced.
DOD has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition, creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves.
As a result, programs often pass through each development phase and into production with an unstable design and insufficient knowledge about critical manufacturing processes and product reliability.
Additionally, DOD does not provide the proper incentives to encourage the use of best practices in capturing knowledge early in its development programs.
culture is to accept greater risks upfront and then fix problems later in the development program.
This framework limited the design challenge for any one new product development by allowing risky technology, design, or manufacturing requirements to be deferred until a future generation of the product.
Second, each company we visited used the same basic product development process and criteria for bringing together and integrating all of the technologies, components, and subsystems required for the product to ensure the design was stable and then demonstrating that the product was producible and reliable using proven manufacturing processes.
Their new product development process included key, high-level decision points before moving into product demonstration, and again before making the production decision that required specific, knowledge-based exit criteria.
Finally, leading companies created an environment for their managers that emphasized capturing design and manufacturing knowledge early, before committing substantial investments in a product development that made cancellation a more difficult decision to make.
To do this, it should ensure that its acquisition process captures specific design and manufacturing knowledge, includes decisions at key junctures in the development program, and provides incentives to use a knowledge-based process.
At this point, the design should be demonstrated to be stable so that during the next phase of development attention can be focused on demonstrating manufacturing processes and product reliability.
We agree there may be circumstances, such as in the development of software, when it makes good sense to progress with less than the best practice standard for drawings, but the DOD policy should maintain the requirement to achieve 90 percent drawings by the completion of the system integration phase.
Best Practices: Better Management of Technology Development Can Improve Weapon System Outcomes.
and (3) legal authority allowing GAO to undertake work on its own initiative that is intended to support the Congress (research and development work).
§718(b)(2), the Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform committees may request copies of any draft report generated under GAO's legal authority to undertake work on its own initiative (research and development work) when the draft report is sent to the agency for comment.
The views of the agency official will be considered in the development of the testimony statement.
Our work has shown that the effectiveness of federal program areas as diverse as employment assistance and training, rural development, early childhood development, and food safety has been plagued by fragmented or overlapping efforts.
Our work has shown that the effectiveness of federal program areas as diverse as employment assistance and training, rural development, early childhood development, and food safety has been plagued by fragmented or overlapping efforts.
development programs, and pay and promotion standards to organizational mission, vision, and culture.
The Army Research Laboratory (ARL) was established in October 1992 as a result of a realignment of a number of Army research and development organizations.
Finally, OMB noted that the development and refinement of performance measures will be an ongoing process.
Federal audit guidelines pertaining to program requirements, such as those issued for Housing and Urban Development and Student Financial Aid programs, may require that GAGAS be followed.
development of audit methodologies, policies, and procedures.
Audit organizations should have a process, such as a human capital system, for recruitment, hiring, continuous development, and evaluation of staff to assist the organization in maintaining a workforce that has adequate competence.
Continuing education may include such topics as developments in audit standards and methodology, accounting, assessment of internal control, principles of management or supervision, information systems management, statistical sampling, financial statement analysis, evaluation design, and data analysis.
This guide is intended for use in planning and conducting risk assessments of computer hardware and software, telecommunications, and system development acquisitions.
A risk assessment is the process of identifying potential risks in a system under development and then determining the significance of each risk in terms of its likelihood and impact on the acquisition's cost, schedule, and ability
4: Development Progress 76 Figure II.
The audit approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk assessment of an acquisition project at any point in its development.
Appendix II of this guide describes techniques to use in identifying software development risks of delays and cost overruns, known collectively as management metrics or indicators.
These techniques require information about the size of the system being developed and about progress after development has begun.
An auditor using this guide to review an acquisition that includes significant software development and has a contract in place should review appendix II for techniques to help identify variances from the agency's cost and schedule estimates.
The cost models described in appendix II can be used to make a rough estimate of how long a system development may require.
This acquisition guide is intended for use in reviewing any information technology acquisition, regardless of the system development methodology being used.
The guide is structured around the federal acquisition process, and is independent of development methods for information systems.
An auditor should recognize that there are different system development models that may be used when a system development effort is acquired.
An auditor should recognize that there are different system development models that may be used when a system development effort is acquired.
Such models may include the "waterfall" model, rapid prototyping, or evolutionary development.
(1) focus on determining how one or more prototypesor incremental versions function to define the agency's requirements and (2) determine how the system development methodology used by the agency controls the prototyping process.
One approach to using prototyping as part of the system development process has been described as a "spiral" model of system development.
One approach to using prototyping as part of the system development process has been described as a "spiral" model of system development.
User involvement in the acquisition process will help avoid the development of products that ultimately do not meet agency requirements.
To ensure that senior managers support and areactively involved throughout the development and implementation of an acquisition.
Approve the alternative selected (such as thechoice between off-the-shelf technologies or custom development, centralized or distributed processing, etc).
To ensure that the agency defines its requirements,based on the needs identified earlier and validated by functional users, well enough to support the acquisition of hardware, software, telecommunications, and system development services.
Assessing the test and acceptance phase may require a high level of technical skill on the part of auditors, such as when an agency has contracted for software development services and must test the quality of delivered software.
The auditor should be able to understand the system requirements, development methodologies, and test tools being used.
software development,
What, if any, development tools and techniques(such as Computer-Aided Software Engineering-CASE) are in use?
This appendix describes tools and techniques for measuring the status of acquisitions involving significant software development.
It describes techniques, known as software metrics, for quantitatively measuring how closely a project conforms to development plans and assessing whether an acquisition is at risk of delay or cost increases.
The metrics described here will generally be used after contract award, in order to assess how well the agency is managing the system development process.
Software metrics, which use mathematical models to measure elements of the development process, are intended to help organizations better understand and manage the relationships between resource decisions, development schedules, and the cost of software projects.
Software metrics, which use mathematical models to measure elements of the development process, are intended to help organizations better understand and manage the relationships between resource decisions, development schedules, and the cost of software projects.
By using software metric tools an auditor can independently evaluate software development projects by analyzing project budgets, requirements, schedules, and resources, and then confirm or question cost, schedule, and resource estimates.
They may be used before a solicitation for software development is
issued in order to assess the reasonableness of the agency's schedule (if a system design has been prepared), or after a contract has been awarded and software development has begun.
The other metrics described in this appendix require that system development work be underway.
However, cost models have significant limitations in accuracy unless their underlying assumptions of system size and cost drivers are carefully chosen and reflect the agency's previous experience in system development.
Auditors should also ensure that the model used is consistent with the software development methodology of the project under consideration.
assess how effectively an agency is managing a system development contract.
These indicators measure differences between what an agency planned for its contractor to accomplish by certain points in the systems development life cycle and the actual results.
Development Progress
4: Development Progress
Software Size This indicator records changes in the expected magnitude of the software development effort.
Changes in the expected system size may necessitate reestimates of the development cost, using the cost models described earlier in this appendix.
Personnel Stability Tracking the total number of people assigned to a system development effort compared to planned staffing levels provides another indicator of potential problems.
Evaluation and Comparison of Software Development
A System Development Life Cycle Approach.
the basis for further development and that can be changed only through formal change control procedures.
The continuous control of changes made to a system'sConfiguration hardware, software, and documentation throughoutManagement the development and operational life of the system.
Verification and validation performed by anIndependent organization that is technically, managerially, andVerification and financially independent of the development Validation (IV&V) organization.
A hardware and software development technique in
Prototyping which a preliminary version of part or all of the hardware or software is developed to permit user feedback, determine feasibility, or investigate timing or other issues in support of the development process.
support of the development process.
As programs change and as agencies strive to improve operational processes and implement new technological developments, management must continually assess and evaluate its internal control to assure that the control activities being used are effective and updated when necessary.
Control activities are the policies, procedures, techniques, and mechanisms that enforce management's directives, such as the process of adhering to requirements for budget development and execution.
This category includes entitywide security program planning, management, control over data center operations, system software acquisition and maintenance, access security, and application system development and maintenance.
Application system development and maintenance control provides the structure for safely developing new systems and modifying existing systems.
Included are documentation requirements; authorizations for undertaking projects; and reviews, testing, and approvals of development and modification activities before placing systems into operation.
An alternative to in-house development is the procurement of commercial software, but control is necessary to ensure that selected software meets the user's needs, and that it is properly placed into operation.
For example, operating information is required for development of financial reports.
We are sending copies of this letter to Senator George V. Voinovich, Chairman, and Senator Max S. Baucus, Ranking Minority Member, Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works; Representative Bob Franks, Chairman, and Representative Robert Wise, Jr., Ranking Democratic Member, Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, Hazardous Materials and Pipeline Transportation, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; and to others upon request.
5 TPC is defined as the sum total of all costs associated with a project's planning, development, design, construction, outfitting, and startup, not including land costs.
Total project engineering costs average 20 percent of TPC (in addition to design costs discussed above, includes planning, development, and project management costs).
Comprehensive review of project document development during the design phase of acquisition should cost from 0.2 to 0.5 percent of TPC.
Procurement specialists trained primarily in contract negotiation and review rather than design and construction have been playing increasingly greater roles in facilities development.
On the Responsibilities of Architects and Engineers and Their Clients in Federal Facilities Development, NRC, Committee on ArchitectEngineer Responsibilities, Building Research Board (Washington, D.C.: National Academy Press, 1994).
Nearly all facility acquisition functions except agency policy development and oversight have been considered for outsourcing by one agency or another.
Most projects that fail to meet their planned objectives do so because of faulty or inadequate predesign development.
Today's general practice among federal agencies is to outsource design development and, to a lesser extent, certain specialized technical review functions, such as shop drawing reviews, value engineering, and constructability.
For example, the Unified Agenda of Federal Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions is published in the Federal Register twice each year by the Regulatory Information Service Center (RISC), 1 and provides uniform reporting of data on regulatory activities under development throughout the federal government.
For example, the most recent edition of the Unified Agenda (April 2000) describes 4,441 rulemaking actions under development or recently completed by 60 federal departments and agencies.
§ 716(b), I am submitting this report because the Vice President, as Chair of the National Energy Policy Development Group (NEPDG), has not provided the General Accounting Office (GAO) with access to certain records relating to the process by which the National Energy Policy was developed.
To this end, on June 21, his representatives provided us with 77 pages of miscellaneous documents purporting to relate to direct and indirect costs incurred in the development of the National Energy Policy.
As you know, the United States General Accounting Office (GAO) has been engaged in an ongoing effort to obtain certain narrowly defined, factual information concerning the development of the National Energy Policy proposal from Vice President Cheney in his role as Chair of the National Energy Policy Development Group (NEPDG).
As you know, the United States General Accounting Office (GAO) has been engaged in an ongoing effort to obtain certain narrowly defined, factual information concerning the development of the National Energy Policy proposal from Vice President Cheney in his role as Chair of the National Energy Policy Development Group (NEPDG).
This, plus the Senate's expected consideration of comprehensive energy legislation this session, reinforces the need for the information we requested concerning the development of the National Energy Policy proposal.
In addition, there are many aspects of information security, such as risk assessment, policy development, and disaster recovery planning, that require coordinated management attention.
In particular, senior executive recognition of information security risks and interest in taking steps to understand and manage these risks were the most important factors in prompting development of more formal information security programs.
In addition, the group participates in the company's strategic planning efforts and in the early stages of software development projects to ensure that security implications of these efforts are addressed.
However, the university had established an information security policy committee that included top university officials, legal counsel, and representatives from student affairs, faculty affairs, and internal audit to assist in the development and review of policies.
Case Example - Coordinating Policy Development and Awareness Activities
Since then, this individual's responsibilities for information security policy development and awareness, which had previously been handled on a part-time basis, have evolved into a full-time "awareness manager position" in the organization's central security group.
To reduce the chances of a similar incident, the awareness manager concurrently (1) coordinated the development of a policy describing organizational data classification standards and (2) developed a brochure and guidelines to publicize the new standards and educate employees on their implementation.
By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner, she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins, an intranet web site, and presentations to new employees.
However, several security managers said that the development of automated monitoring tools is lagging behind the introduction of new computer and network technologies and that this has impaired their efforts to detect incidents, especially unauthorized intrusions.
In this regard, agencies must continually (1) explore and assess information security risks to business operations, (2) determine what policies, standards, and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks, (3) promote awareness and understanding among program managers, computer users, and systems development staff, and
IRS Systems Security and Funding: Employee Browsing Not Being Addressed Effectively and Budget Requests for New Systems Development Not Justified (GAO/T-AIMD-97-82, April 15, 1997)
Information Superhighway: Issues Affecting Development (GAO/RCED-94-285, September 30, 1994)
The five special function areas were (1) law enforcement and internal security, (2) intelligence, (3) foreign affairs, (4) national defense, and (5) research and development.
Members shared information concerning information security management practices, including corporate governance practices, business risk management processes, computing and network contract provisions, application development and support, disaster recovery planning, and performance measurement regarding control effectiveness.
For example, in many cases, one organization's members were willing to help each other by reviewing the requirement documentation for new systems development projects or system enhancement projects and participate in meetings to expose weaknesses and raise questions about a proposed project.
The discussion led to the development of a better, more secure system.
For example, one organization had to stop development of a secure Web site because the sponsor withdrew its support.
encourages development of quality security products and services through collaborative relationships with federal agencies, academia, and private industry;
In addition, I-4 maintains alliances with leading research organizations, such as SRI International and Kent Ridge Digital Labs, to stay abreast of the latest technical, communications, legal, and economic developments.
The National Infrastructure Protection Center, which is an interagency center housed at the FBI, in conjunction with representatives from private industry, the academic community, and government, has worked to expand InfraGard by encouraging development of local chapters associated with each of the FBI's 56 field offices.
JTF-CNO maintains a close relationship with the CERT/CC, the NIPC, and FedCIRC by participating in joint technical exchanges, working groups, and countermeasure development teams.
encouraged research and development of tools and methodologies to prevent crime,
promoted development of trusted relationships between the public and the private sector.
During the development of the CAFE standard for model year 1998, the Department of Transportation and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1996, Pub.
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) entitled "Amendments to Regulation X, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act: Withdrawal of Employer/Employee and Computer Loan Origination Systems Exemptions (FR-3638); and Policy Statements 1996-1 (regarding computer loan origination systems); 1996-2 (regarding sham controlled business arrangements); and 1996-3 (rental of office space, lock-outs, and retaliation)" (RIN: 2502-AG26).
The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to HUD is Judy England-Joseph, Director, Housing and Community Development Issues.
General Counsel Department of Housing and Urban Development
§§ 801(a)(1)(B)(i)-(iv) OF A MAJOR RULE ISSUED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT (HUD) ENTITLED "AMENDMENTS TO REGULATION X, THE REAL ESTATE SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES ACT: WITHDRAWAL OF EMPLOYER/EMPLOYEE AND COMPUTER LOAN ORIGINATION SYSTEMS EXEMPTIONS (FR-3638); AND POLICY STATEMENTS 1996-1 (REGARDING COMPUTER LOAN ORIGINATION SYSTEMS); 1996-2 (REGARDING SHAM CONTROLLED BUSINESS ARRANGEMENTS); AND 1996-3 (RENTAL OF OFFICE SPACE, LOCK-OUTS, AND RETALIATION)" (RIN: 2502-AG26)
As discussed below, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) submitted the proposed Amendments to Regulation X to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review as a "significant regulatory action" under Executive Order 12866.
It also states that these actions should lead to faster development of
According to EPA's analysis, a number of decisions adopted in the final rule (specifically, the adoption of tiers ("programs"), the reduced requirements for the risk management plan and the development of guidance for offsite consequence analysis) have significantly reduced the burden on small entities.
The rule requires establishments to document their compliance with the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) Systems, first in the development of a plan and thereafter in a continuous record of process performance.
Subject: Department of Housing and Urban Development: Single Family Mortgage Insurance; Loss Mitigation Procedures
Pursuant to section 801(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), entitled "Single Family Mortgage Insurance; Loss Mitigation Procedures" (RIN: 2502-AG72).
The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to HUD is Judy England-Joseph, Director, Housing and Community Development Issues.
cc: Mr. Nelson A. Diaz General Counsel Department of Housing and Urban Development
THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT (HUD)
That analysis notes that the rule will carry out the Congress' intent to establish a consistent regulatory framework for all commercial mobile radio services and that the rule will assist in the development of competition between wireless and wireline services for the benefit of consumers.
The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the rule is Robert A. Robinson, Director, Food and Agriculture Issues, Resources, Community and Economic Development Division.
The official responsible for GAO evaluation work relating to the rule is Robert A. Robinson, Director, Food and Agriculture Issues, Resources, Community and Economic Development Division.
However, HHS is accepting comments on the interim final rule for a 90-day period for consideration in the development of the final rules to be issued implementing the HIPAA.
However, the Departments are accepting comments on the interim final rule for a 90-day period for consideration in the development of the final rules to be issued implementing the HIPAA.
Because pork production in Sonora is a relatively new development and because the United States has restricted the importation of swine and pork products for the last 20 years, APHIS bases its potential impact analysis on some assumptions regarding the level of pork production in Sonora in the future, the percentage of pork production that might be processed in Sonora for shipment to the United States, and the demand for pork in the United States.
Finally, it describes the alternatives considered in the development of the rule and why it rejected them and adopted the rule as proposed.
Finally, it describes the alternatives considered in the development of the rule and why it rejected them and adopted the rule as proposed.
The analysis concludes that the final rule will not impose any additional burdens on small entities because most of the changes in the rule do not require the development of new information.
There are GAO case studies in many areas-urban housing, weapon systems testing, community development, military procurement contracts, influences on the Brazilian export-import balances, how programs aimed at improving water quality are working, and the implementation of block grants-to name only a few.
When the Department of Health and Human Services was trying out delivery of Head Start services to parents and children in their own homes, called Home Start, the Department supplemented a formal assessment of the development of the children before and after the program with case studies (High/Scope Educational Research Foundation, 1972).
The case studies told, too, of the development of the program over time and helped give a realistic sense of problems in start-up and implementation, how changes in staffing were accommodated, and the impact of shifting federal guidance on efforts to carry out the program in the field.
This series of reports also is useful for illustrating the way in which causality is established in case studies: through development of internally consistent explanations of what led to what and the conscientious use of information from within the site and from contrasting sites to rule out alternative explanations.
Agency for International Development.
A frequency distribution of events-such as a table showing the number of decision points in a community economic development program and a decrease in the probability of action as the number of decision points increases-are about as numerical as qualitative data are likely to be in a research case study, according to some experts.
For example, those who supported an evaluation of a training program might want the researchers to find out whether the development of the participants' self-concepts, self-esteem, task orientation, work habits, and personal and social traits seemed associated with the program or with something else.
Developments in Scope and Methods, eds.
Development: A Case Book.
Bigeye Bomb: AnEvaluation of DOD Chemical and Development Tests,
According to OPM, steps to implement its modernization plan have reduced FERS processing times, and development of a staffing plan will enable it to reduce CSRS processing times.
using a variety of formal and on-the-job training approaches to facilitate the development of new skills,
Specifically, the majority of employees that responded indicated that they did not understand their workgroup's role in implementing FHWA's corporate management strategies that were based on the Malcolm Baldridge National Quality Award and the Presidential Quality Award Criteria-leadership, strategic planning, customer and partner focus, information and analysis, human resource development and management, process management, and business results.
8 Its scorecard included measures for accuracy, speed and timeliness, unit cost, customer satisfaction, and employee development and satisfaction.
Learn about current and emerging issues/developments in own field of expertise and apply knowledge to make technically sound operational decisions.
According to the senior executive, the RAC recommended that ongoing uses continue, but that this stretch receive special protection from further development.
Create an environment for continuous learning and development opportunities.
The senior executive stated in his selfassessment for fiscal year 2001 that the employees and their supervisors used the assessment tool to establish individual development plans and the training committee has been scheduling training sessions to ensure that individual development plans are met.
The senior executive stated in his selfassessment for fiscal year 2001 that the employees and their supervisors used the assessment tool to establish individual development plans and the training committee has been scheduling training sessions to ensure that individual development plans are met.
This executive worked with his Human Resources Development Committee, composed of representatives from the eight BLM field offices in Nevada.
Specifically, with input from the committee, the senior executive developed a Statewide Mentoring Program to enhance and promote opportunities for employees' skill development and to assist them in achieving their career goals.
The report identified one of the office's strengths to be management's support and approval for training, and one of its opportunities for improvement to be keeping employees' individual development plans up to date.
In response, the senior executive identified in her individual performance plan a specific expectation of updating individual development plans for every employee by April 30, 2002.
We spoke to OPM officials responsible for the senior executive performance management regulations to discuss the development and implementation of the regulations, as well as officials responsible for amending and implementing the general workforce performance management regulations.
Serve current and future publics: Ensure the National Environmental Policy Act and environmental analyses are sufficient to sustain program decisions; reduce threats to public health, safety, and property by completing deferred maintenance projects; continue action on energy and mineral leases, permits, and claims; implement BLM's wild horse and burro national strategy in accordance with program directives; and improve land, resource, and title information by participating in the development and implementation of bureauwide data standards.
position description and individual performance plan linked to the strategic plan, and providing appropriate training for employees at all levels; demonstrate improvement in diversity and composition of the workforce as measured by the percent of hiring opportunities in which diversity candidates are placed; demonstrate commitment to nondiscrimination in the workplace by ensuring that individuals are not denied employment or career advancement opportunities due to gender, race, and other factors; and provide development opportunities to subordinates to help them participate in the goal of achieving workforce diversity.
assisting in the development of options to establish conservation reserves, (2) improving the productivity and diversity of public lands,
Human resource development and management-Increase employee technical competence, authority, and the tools needed to meet agency and customer needs; continue to develop and utilize the full potential of the agency's human resources and create an environment that is conducive to performance excellence and personal and organizational growth.
Employee satisfaction-Ensures that a healthy work environment is maintained, creates an environment for continuous learning and development opportunities, and effectively uses feedback and coaching to promote teamwork and skill sharing.
The commitments describe a limited number of critical actions; objectives, such as personal development objectives; and/or results that the executive will work to achieve.
fiscal year 2001 are structured around common performance elements- service delivery, organizational support/teamwork, leadership development, external relations, and workplace responsibilities.
employee development and satisfaction-the skill level of the workforce, training needs, course development, and satisfaction with the job and organization.
employee development and satisfaction-the skill level of the workforce, training needs, course development, and satisfaction with the job and organization.
Leadership development - executive competencies and qualifications: The executive identifies developmental activities in a proposed leadership development plan, which is to be submitted at the beginning of the performance year.
Leadership development - executive competencies and qualifications: The executive identifies developmental activities in a proposed leadership development plan, which is to be submitted at the beginning of the performance year.
The executive engages in substantial personal development activities such as attending training courses, reading books, and undertaking projects in order to develop skills.
VBA identified indicators of performance for this element including performance management and recognition, employee development and training, equal employment opportunity policy statement, physical plant enhancements, and employee satisfaction surveys.
VBA outlined specific sub-elements for the service delivery element and replaced the leadership development element with two additional elements-program integrity and information security.
Also, the executive will improve the cycle times of claims processing in development, rating, and authorization time as shown in the Claims Automated Processing System records.
The specific applicability of the standards to components of the Federal government was considered during the development of Statement of Federal Financial Accounting Concepts No.
Volume II is under development at this time and will be organized alphabetically by topic.
-Research and Development - basic and applied research and development.
-Research and Development - basic and applied research and development.
Such investments will be measured in terms of expenses incurred for certain education and training programs; federally financed research and development; and federally financed but not federally owned property, such as bridges and roads.
Expenses that are incurred for education and training that are intended to increase national economic productive capacity or for research and development that are intended to provide future benefits or returns.
-Investments in research and development, for example, research on the effects of early medical intervention in delaying the onset of AIDs symptoms in HIV-positive individuals, and Federal investment in genetic code research to advance national medical research.
For investments that are intended to maintain or increase the economic productive capacity of the Nation, that is, investments in human capital, research and development, and nonfederal physical property, trend data shall be presented.
amounts invested in human capital, research and development, and nonfederal physical property; and
CHAPTER 7: RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT
Research and Development
Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units.
Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units.
Investment in research and development" refers to those expenses incurred to support the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits.
Investment in research and development" refers to those expenses incurred to support the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits.
Research and development is composed of
Development: systematic use of the knowledge and understanding gained from research for the production of useful materials, devices, systems, or methods, including the design and development of prototypes and processes.
Development: systematic use of the knowledge and understanding gained from research for the production of useful materials, devices, systems, or methods, including the design and development of prototypes and processes.
In research and development programs, this might consist of data for the year concerning the number of new projects initiated, the number continued from the prior year, the number completed and the number terminated.
38The research and development outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the Government Performance and Results Act (GPRA) and the budget and will be reported in a Statement of Program Performance Measures as described in Appendix 1-F to Entity and Display, SFFAC No.
Because of the difficulty of measuring such results for research and development programs in financial, economic, or quantitative terms, outcome data for such programs are expected to consist typically of a narrative discussion of the major results achieved by the program during the year, along the following lines:
-Development - the progress of major developmental projects including the results with respect to projects completed or otherwise terminated during the year and the status of projects that will continue.
At the end of 5 years, however, the agency will be able to report the expenses to be categorized as research and development rather than the outlays for each of the preceding 5 years.
• A narrative description of major research and development programs shall be included.
After deliberating the issue, the Board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the FASAB staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on: identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a Statement on Social Insurance; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements; the identification of additional information, if any, which should be required for social insurance programs; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information; and, the desirability of nonfinancial indicators (ratios of data to GDP or "covered payroll") to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.The Board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations.
The standards require that expense data be reported for investments in human capital, research and development, and nonfederal physical property.
In addition to the normal problems associated with adapting to new standards, several of these standards provide for a transition period during which agencies may or, in some cases, may not report investments in human capital, research and development and nonfederal physical property; if investments are reported for each of five years as called for in this statement, they may be reported for earlier years during the transition period on the basis of either outlays or expense.
Some respondents requested that the standards provide for reporting additional information, such as transfers of stewardship property to foreign governments, stewardship land sold to the private sector, the Federal Government's interest in such things as property held by nonfederal entities or patents generated through Federal research and development funds, and foreign contributions to Federal programs.
Community and Regional Development4.
In addition to the transfers shown above in the "Community and Regional Development" category, the fair value of land and facilities associated with former military installations that were transferred to local governments approximated $40 million in 199Y and $52 million in 199Z.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION For the Fiscal Year Ended September
Federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research, applied research, and development that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits.
Federal investment in research and development comprises those expenses for basic research, applied research, and development that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other benefits.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SAMPLE REPORT (continued)
The number of patents emerging from the program is also increasing, primarily from the development component of the program.
XX-XXX) to accelerate the development of this industry in the United States.
The development component provides grants to private firms to develop improved manufacturing procedures for ceramic materials-based products and to accelerate the development of marketable products incorporating advanced ceramic materials.
The development component provides grants to private firms to develop improved manufacturing procedures for ceramic materials-based products and to accelerate the development of marketable products incorporating advanced ceramic materials.
(see also "Managerial Cost Accounting") RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...
DEVELOPMENT -Systematic use of the knowledge and understanding gained from research for the production of useful materials, devices, systems, or methods, including the design and development of prototypes and processes.
DEVELOPMENT -Systematic use of the knowledge and understanding gained from research for the production of useful materials, devices, systems, or methods, including the design and development of prototypes and processes.
For measuring outcomes for research and development programs, results may be reported by a narrative discussion of the major results achieved by the program during the year.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT -Federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT -Federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits.
Research and development is composed of basic research, applied research, and development.
Research and development is composed of basic research, applied research, and development.
This would include nonfederal physical property, human capital, and research and development.
He made major contributions to the development of the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions (INTOSAI), which includes 179 countries, and he also created an international fellows program at GAO to provide support, training, and guidance to a cadre of key individuals from accountability organizations worldwide.
As part of its ongoing work in housing issues, GAO has provided assistance to improve the accuracy of the Department of Housing and Urban Development's (HUD) budget and resource estimates.
GAO's work has led to improvements in many agencies, including the development of entitywide security management practices.
In discussing GAO's contributions and accomplishments, it is important that we engage in a select amount of research and development work to ensure that GAO can meet the institutional needs of the Congress over the long term.
GAO's work on Y2K began through its research and development program, but the vital importance of this issue has manifested itself in many congressional requests for work that the agency received in fiscal years 1998 and 1999.
In fact, the timeline of major events in GAO's existence (see figure 4) reveals the increasing development, complexity and influence of difficult public policy issues related to government activity and our accountability mission:
Nevertheless, GAO is the only agency that can consistently provide the Congress and the executive branch with analysis, options, and recommendations that are long range, broad, in coverage, and integrated in the development and presentation of critical information.
Since I became Comptroller General, one of the most important activities in which GAO has been engaged is the development of its first strategic plan for the 21st century.
GAO worked closely with legislative and committee leadership, individual members, and staff in the development of this strategic plan.
providing analysis and other support concerning the effectiveness of investments in communities and economic development;
And we will create employee pools of generalists to increase our flexibility and enhance development.
GAO has requested funding to improve compensation comparability with the executive branch, strengthen performance reward and recognition programs, reengineer our performance appraisal system, and increase our staff productivity through training and development as well as new information technology resources.
Without GAO's ability to pursue research and development issues, many other consequential issues could go unrecognized and ultimately create fundamental and serious problems for the Congress and the American people.
Thus, I would urge the Congress to not lose sight of the important balance between mandates, requests, and research and development in the mix of GAO's work supporting the Congress.
Department of Housing and Urban Development's budget, including unexpended
framework also is used throughout GAO to help guide our research and development
During fiscal year 2001, we will continue to focus our work on the major issues facing the Congress, including Social Security solvency, education, economic development, Medicare reform, national security, international affairs, and government management reforms and computer security.
We plan to use these resources to enhance our review efforts in areas of congressional and public interest and concern, such as government computer security, Social Security solvency, education, economic development, Medicare reform, and international affairs.
Contracting for the development of a requirements document to be used along with other legislative branch agencies to jointly procure and share a common financial management system--$250,000.
For example, were it not for the advance research and development work we had done on computer security, China, the World Trade Organization, and last year's presidential election issues, we would have been unable to be responsive to the congressional requests and public debates on these real time, event driven issues.
We need to look at the implications that these differing roles have for a range of issues, such as SES core competencies, performance standards, recruitment sources, mobility, and training and development programs.
Implemented an Executive Candidate Development Program to prepare candidates for assignments in the SES.
Initiated a Professional Development Program for newly hired GAO analysts to help them transition and progress.
In addition, GAO has said the national strategy development and implementation should include 1) a regular update of a national-level threat and risk assessment effort, 2) formulate realistic budget and resource plans to eliminate gaps, avoid duplicate effort, avoid "hitchhiker" spending, and protect against federal funds being used to substitute for funding that would have occurred anyway, 3) coordinate the strategy for combating terrorism with efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to computer-based attacks, 4) coordinate agency implementation by reviewing agency and interagency programs to accomplish the national strategy, and 5) carefully choose the most appropriate policy tools of government to best implement the national strategy and achieve national goals.
Building Partnerships: One of the key challenges of this new department will be the development and maintenance of homeland security partners at all levels of the government and the private sector, both in the United States and overseas.
For example, we have indicated in recent testimony that DHS could serve to improve biomedical research and development coordination because of the current fragmented state of disparate activities.
11 Similarly, we have testified that the President's proposal, in tasking the new department with developing national policy for and coordinating the federal government's research and development efforts for responding to chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear weapons threats, also transfers some of the civilian research programs of the Department of Energy.
Development of a National Strategy to Enhance State and Local
Under the city Housing Preservation and Development Department's tenant ownership program, Mazzariello and partner Joe Guzzo learned they could rent to own.
That could amount to several times as much as the $250 a month Mazzariello currently pays the Housing Preservation and Development Department.
The inaccessibility of the U.S. civil justice system is hardly a new development, but it Congress in
Its many supporters argue that the office's expansion of community development work - including helping non-profits incorporate or defend themselves in lawsuits - sets it apart from other agencies.
In response to its lawsuit in 1999, a judge ordered the Paterson Housing Authority to correct a defective relocation plan for residents at the Christopher Columbus Housing Development and remove all squatters and drug dealers.
Madden said his focus will be individual cases, and that "any resources we can spare to do community economic development, we will."
Department of Housing and Urban Development, Administrative Office of U.S.
"The Butler County attorneys have really stepped up to the plate to help us represent the poor population in this county," said LSSM Director of Development Sharon Alexander. "
Competitive bidding also became easier with a reputation to back up his grant proposals, and Dudovitz soon was raising enough to develop slick promotional materials and to share funds with other public interest programs to cement collaborative efforts on health care, policy advocacy, homelessness, domestic-violence assistance, self-help and technology development.
Under the Department of Housing and Urban Development' enforcement program, tenants may not avoid eviction simply by claiming ignorance of the crime or an inability to stop it.
"I think if it's done with caution, it's a tool that we desperately needed in our developments," Sanchez said.
Once the development is taken over, it's very difficult to take them back."
In the succeeding months, these attorneys worked with representatives of the Greater Wenatchee Housing Authority, the state Office of Community Development, Chelan County, the City of East Wenatchee, state legislators, Jennings and others to secure funding and find a solution.
Mr. Jennings had financial considerations, the City had growth and economic development considerations, and the State and Housing Authority had their own concerns.
At stake is prime real estate in the coastal cities, including a Charleston building in the heart of upscale commercial development on upper King Street.
It recommends adding to the access fund, increasing both the number of pro bono hours and financial contributions from attorneys, improved assistance for unrepresented litigants and access to an attorney for those who require one, and development of a statewide plan to distribute legal services more evenly throughout the state to insure that the rural population also is served.
Since 1990, she has worked in the Administrative Law Unit and Resource Development, and directed the Elder Law Project, serving the northern half of the state.
The qualifications for the award were based upon demonstrated dedication to the innovative development and delivery of legal services to the poor in one of the 14 pro bono districts of Indiana.
There are pro bono programs that now partner with volunteer corporate lawyers to assist not-for-profits and micro-enterprises as well as on economic development projects.
Knight, 31, is a Mexican-American who grew up in a low-income housing development.
"It's a great idea, but the pressure of academic debt really leads people to big firms in big cities," said Theresa J. Bryant, executive director of the career development office at Yale Law School, which is not part of the consortium. "
Lou Barnes first met Lindsay when he served on the board of Parent and Child Development Services, where she was the human resources manager.
Department of Housing and Urban Development, Legal Aid is helping thousands of low-income Marylanders living in properties where federal subsidies are about to run out.
Nor will community development help be sacrificed. "
Madden, Bergen County director Anna Navatta and others met with Passaic Legal Aid representatives in August and discussed the possibility of directing some of the LSC money to Passaic as a subgrantee for its community development work.
Department of Housing and Urban Development and efforts to resolve the complaints fell through.
Davis Co., Porta-McCurdy Development Co., Summit Contractors Inc., Olathe Leased Housing Associates I, Olathe Leased Housing Associates II, NHG Olathe Partners, Nationwide Housing Group, Dominium Kansas One and Dominium Olathe Partners.
The building is financed by $18 million in tax-exempt bonds through the Industrial Development Agency, payable over 30 years.
Elaine M. Kurtz, Legal Aid's director of development, said the agency would emphasize services for the elderly, housing preservation, employment advocacy, domestic violence and support for owners of small businesses.
Since 1994, Case has been involved with the formation and development of Lancaster Interagency Council for the Homeless.
While gaining access to justice is their first priority, most legal-aid organizations put marketing and development on the back burner.
Julia C. Langfelder began her job as the development coordinator for the Center for Conflict Resolution about a year ago.
In the suit, NLS attorney Eileen D. Yacknin and Evalynn B. Welling, Community Justice Project attorney, contend that the city is trying to avoid its responsibilities to the tenants under state eminent domain code and the federal Housing and Community Development Act by having Raimondi carry out the evictions.
"At the same time, the federal government's role in representing the nation in its regulation, policy development and oversight responsibilities demands the most skilled lawyers," the report added. "
The project is funded by a two-year, $80,000 fellowship from the nonprofit Academy for Educational Development, along with grants of $37,500 each from the Spirit Mountain Community Fund and the Campaign for Equal Justice, and a grant of $12,500 from the PacifiCorp Foundation for Learning.
The most tangible evidence of this effort was the development of bar-sponsored pro bono programs in every state, in every sizable metropolitan area, and in many rural areas as well.
The PPP has been produced by the Organization of Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) and shows the number of Italian liras required in 1999 to buy goods and services equivalent to what can be purchased with one U.S. dollar.
"World Development Indicators 2001, Table 2.8" The World Bank, Washington, DC.
R2000-1 USPS LR-I-1, Summary Description of USPS Development of Costs by Segments and Components, FY 1998.
The difference in labor costs for rural and city carriers has its roots in the development of the two crafts.
Therefore, it simultaneously established a separate, independent Postal Rate Commission to provide an open process in which the public could participate in the development of postage rates.
§ 504(a) authorized the Postmaster General to maintain a research and development program, and to conduct experiments to enhance the operational efficiency and economy of the postal system.
Mr. Annan stressed the importance of reducing the inequalities in science between developed and developing countries, asserting that “This unbalanced distribution of scientific activity generates serious problems not only for the scientific community in the developing countries, but for development itself.”
For example, recent United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) estimates (UNESCO 2001) indicate that, in 1997, the developed countries accounted for some 84% of the global investment in scientific research and development, had approximately 72% of the world researchers, and produced approximately 88% of all scientific and technical publications registered by the Science Citation Index (SCI).
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development (May 1997).
Further analyses, correcting the number of overall publications for the amount of money invested in research and development for each region, also show that, in contrast to both Canada and United States, the trend in Latin America has been an increase in relative output throughout the 1990s (Figure 2).
Although the cost of research is undoubtedly cheaper in the developing world due to relatively low researcher salaries, overhead and other work standards, these factors do not explain the substantial increase in the number of publications per amount of money allocated to research and development in Latin America, particularly from 1995 until 2000 (Figure 2).
In fact, Albornoz (2001) concluded that, as a group, Latin America could afford to invest a much higher proportion of its resources in scientific research and development.
Latin American investment in research and development represented only 0.59% of the regional GDP in 1998, a very weak effort compared with that of the United States (2.
For example, Uruguay, Chile, Panama, and Cuba averaged, respectively, 6.8, 5.3, 5.2, and 3.4 publications per million dollars of research and development investment in the 10 years studied, which is notoriously high compared with United States (1.
Other countries, such as Costa Rica, Cuba, Brazil, and Chile, have invested a much greater proportion of their GDP in research and development than the other countries of this region (Albornoz 2001).
Why has the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development been increasing in Latin America while decreasing in United States and Canada?
One potential explanation for the increase in scientific productivity in Latin America is that scientific development during the 1990s was particularly strong for many countries of this region.
A potentially more important question, however, is why the number of publications per dollar invested in research and development has been increasing in Latin America while decreasing in the United States and Canada.
The relative increase in the number of publications, especially when corrected for the amount of money available in research and development, demonstrates that many developing countries are heading in the right direction.
Sinclair expects to see such developments within his lifetime, but he ridicules the notion that humans will experience anything like the 70% extension to lifespan of his cultured yeast.
Mathematical models, he says, could solve it by linking demographic properties and physiological developments.
In a further development, two independent groups determined the molecular structure of an MPN + /JAMM protein from an archaebacterium (Ambroggio et al.
Individuals within a wild population show remarkably little morphological variation, given the amount of environmental variation they encounter during development and the amount of genetic variation within the population.
In the lab, RNAi is routinely used to reveal the genetic secrets of development, intracellular signaling, cancer, infection, and a full range of other phenomena.
“There was a lot of clinical naïveté” in the early days of antisense and ribozymes, according to Nassim Usman, Vice President for Research and Development at Sirna Therapeutics in Boulder, Colorado.
“The fundamental difference favoring RNAi is that we're harnessing an endogenous, natural pathway,” says Nagesh Mahanthappa, Director of Corporate Development at Alnylam Pharmaceuticals in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the second of two major biotech company developing RNAi-based therapy.
Despite the questions and unsolved problems, Sirna, Alnylam, and several other companies are moving ahead to develop RNAi therapy; indeed, some outstanding questions are probably only likely to be answered in the process of therapeutic development.
Following the development of penicillin for the treatment of septicemia in the early 1940s, numerous antibiotics were discovered and introduced into medicine.
In marine invertebrates, chimeric individuals often arise from the fusion of individuals later in development (Buss 1987).
During embryonic development, bacteria move from the mother's bacteriome into the cells of the embryo's bacteriome.
Stuttering subjects as a group differ from fluent control groups by showing, on average, slightly lower intelligence scores on both verbal and nonverbal tasks and by delays in speech development (Andrews et al.
It is possible that all children who show signs of stuttering develop a structural abnormality during development, but this is transient in those who become fluent speakers.
The AIDS crisis has brought to public notice what has always been generally true—that the existing business model for drug development leads to high prices and unequal access.
Today's high drug prices are a direct consequence of a business model that uses a single payment to cover both the cost of manufacture of a drug and the cost of the research and development (R&D) carried out by manufacturers to discover it.
Propping up the present structure for financing R&D (Figure 2A) is the widely held belief that the private sector plays a key role in the development of new medicines and that it is necessary to grant patents to incentivise private-sector financing.
The existing system (Figure 2A), despite its failings, does lead to the development of new drugs.
The challenge in creating a virtual R&D market is to find viable business models for successful drug development in the absence of marketing monopoly incentives.
One obvious approach is direct funding of drug development.
For example, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the national agency in the United States, already spends $27 billion per year on research, a substantial amount of which is directed towards drug development, including clinical trials.
Governments could expand direct funding for drug development, either through the existing structures in academia or through funding R&D arms of existing companies to carry out specific drug R&D.
Such directed drug development funding could be similar to existing nonprofit development projects, such as those currently resourced to address treatments for neglected diseases like malaria and tuberculosis (TB).
Such directed drug development funding could be similar to existing nonprofit development projects, such as those currently resourced to address treatments for neglected diseases like malaria and tuberculosis (TB).
Examples of such projects are the Medicines for Malaria Venture (www.mmv.org), the Global Alliance for TB Drug Development (www.tballiance.org), the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative (www.iavi.org), the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative (Butler 2003b) (www.dndi.org), and the Institute for One World Health (www.oneworldhealth.org).
Many will also worry that a centralised national drug development agency taking decisions on R&D priorities and allocation of funds (via prizes or grants as discussed above) could easily become bureaucratic and inefficient.
Intermediators would compete to attract funds to invest in R&D on the basis of their prowess for drug development and upon their priorities.
The basic research was done under a grant from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the United States Department of Defense's (DOD) central research and development organization, and once the researchers realized they wanted to develop drugs against three agents that have been considered bioterrorism threats — 
The bottleneck, researchers agree, lies in the development process of turning them into effective therapies.
“It's easier to find inhibitors of particular enzymes for particular processes—and a very long road to convert that into something for development.”
8 yards) thick that had become susceptible to burning in swampy forests drained and cleared for development.
We will concentrate on human studies that enhance our understanding of disease epidemiology, etiology, and physiology; the development of prognostic and diagnostic technologies; and trials that test the efficacy of specific interventions and those that compare different treatments.
Developments in endosymbiosis are important not only to questions in basic research, but may have important practical applications.
Blood-feeding insects such as mosquitoes and tsetse flies are vectors for parasites that cause significant global infectious diseases such as malaria, dengue virus, and trypanosomiasis, many of which have frustrated attempts at vaccine development.
Moreover, the field has expanded rapidly, especially since the development of molecular techniques in the past two to three decades.
For example, the absence of eyes in cavefish, rather than being the result of a degenerative process, might be the result of selection on genes that govern feeding morphology, a selection process that has included suppression of eye development (Pennisi 2002).
There is no reason for animals with a development as slow as a baboon (with adulthood achieved in five or six years) not to be influenced in every way by the environment in which they grow up, including the social environment.
In the wake of declarations supporting open access to research literature from international bodies including the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the United Nations' World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS), advocates and critics of the movement appear to have agreed that the issue warrants a robust, ongoing dialogue—a development undoubtedly in the interest of the scientific community, regardless of its ultimate outcome.
In the wake of declarations supporting open access to research literature from international bodies including the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the United Nations' World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS), advocates and critics of the movement appear to have agreed that the issue warrants a robust, ongoing dialogue—a development undoubtedly in the interest of the scientific community, regardless of its ultimate outcome.
This council will keep us apprised of new developments and give our nation a forum to continue to discuss and evaluate these important issues.”
On the other hand, we were grateful that the President, despite his views in opposition to these therapies, was willing to invite serious biomedical scientists to help formulate advice to him—and ultimately to contribute to the development of national policy—on these critically important advances.
to illustrate the process, it is because it accompanies an article in this issue of PLoS Biology dealing with neural development in this species (Kuroda et al.
development initially discovered its role in mesoderm induction and the formation of posterior tissues (Kimelman et al.
2000), and their eloquent exposition (Streit and Stern 1999; Wilson and Edlund 2001; Stern 2002) to turn the tide, but there is now no doubt that the FGF signaling pathway plays a major role in the specification and early development of the neural ectoderm in chordates.
The time delay in Churchill induction appears to be the key in explaining how one signal, FGF, can be involved in mesodermal and neural development at the same time in cells that are in close proximity.
Present in plants, animals, and many fungi, RNA-mediated gene silencing pathways have essential roles in development, chromosome structure, and virus resistance.
miRNAs are now recognized as key regulators of plant and animal development.
have shown that DCL1 is needed for processing miRNA precursors important for plant development (Park et al.
Such changes in social behaviour are often based on facial expression and come so naturally to humans (and are in place so early in child development) that some might argue that this functionality is essentially innate.
One reason for my increased use of research papers is the development of PDFs.
, introductory biology, biochemistry, cell development, genetics, microbiology, molecular biology [see http://www.bio.davidson.edu/courses/Molbio/standardsHP.html#anchor78181983], and neuroscience) require students to mine public domain databases (Dyer and LeBlanc 2002; Honts 2003).
Furthermore, I accomplish two tasks simultaneously: I keep abreast of new developments in my field and I write exam questions.
These developments occurred among the early hunter-gatherer human cultures and continued through the last ice age.
This modest increase in the input from the peripheral auditory receptors provides little basis for the development of human speech and language, which had much more to do with the increase in the central brain mechanisms that elaborate the input.
This book, the latest in the excellent Monographs in Population Biology series from Princeton University Press, is a work of advocacy in which the authors argue that evolutionary theory is incomplete and that, in consequence, we are failing fully to understand phenomena as disparate as ecosystem development and the interplay of genes and culture in shaping human evolution.
Yet recently, the European Union awarded 12 million Euros to the ZF-MODELS research consortium to study zebrafish models for human development and disease.
It was the late 1960s when phage geneticist George Streisinger began to look for a model system in which to study the genetic basis of vertebrate neural development.
neural development but soon became attracted to zebrafish as a model organism.
By the early 1980s, she explains, Streisinger had worked out many of the genetic tricks needed to tackle zebrafish development.
‘You can see different cell types, watch individual cells develop, do transplantation experiments’, Eisen enthuses, ‘and development is quick but not too quick’.
The properties of zebrafish that attracted Eisen soon attracted people interested in other aspects of vertebrate development to the stripy tiddler (Figure 1).
The aim of both screens was to identify genes with unique and essential functions in zebrafish development, and in 1996 an issue of the journal Development was dedicated to the mutants that had been isolated and characterised.
The aim of both screens was to identify genes with unique and essential functions in zebrafish development, and in 1996 an issue of the journal Development was dedicated to the mutants that had been isolated and characterised.
‘From Wolfgang's lab, I was able to take the mutations that affected notochord development, and have been studying them ever since’.
The notochord is an embryonic structure that forms the primitive axial skeleton of the developing embryo, and because mutations affecting notochord development result in shortened embryos, seven of the affected genes have been named after the dwarves in Snow White—zebrafish, like some other developmental models, have many imaginatively named mutants.
The ZF-MODELS consortium, which is funded under the European Union's Sixth Framework Programme, aims to establish zebrafish models for human diseases, discover genes that will lead to the identification of new drug targets, and gain fundamental insights into human development.
For example, Geisler's lab will use DNA chip technology to investigate gene expression patterns in zebrafish mutants and so provide increased knowledge of the regulatory pathways that act in zebrafish development.
Among the genes that are important in notochord development are those that encode laminins.
This, in combination with other work on zebrafish carrying mutations affecting neural development, will give the team ‘a better picture of how a vertebrate brain is built’.
But how much can zebrafish tell us about human development and disease?
‘Of course, there are developmental differences between people and fish, and no one pretends that we can answer every question about human development in zebrafish’.
Hopkins provides the following illustration: ‘We have been doing “shelf screens”, in which we go back to our collection of mutants to find all those that affect the development of a single organ.
Developmental geneticist Didier Stainier (University of California, San Francisco, California, United States) is also using zebrafish to study organ development, in particular, heart development.
Developmental geneticist Didier Stainier (University of California, San Francisco, California, United States) is also using zebrafish to study organ development, in particular, heart development.
‘Obviously, there are additional processes involved in humans, but the basic outline of heart development in fish and people is largely similar’.
The ability to follow individual cells as organs develop is key to this, says Stainier, who reported in March that fibronectin is required for heart development because, by regulating the polarisation of epithelial cells, fibronectin ensures the correct migration of myocardial cells.
The interest in disease models has grown hand-in-hand with the development of morpholinos to knock out specific genes, and the advent of TILLING, says Zon, ‘has set off a whole new fury.
Work like Stainier's on organ development may have applications in tissue engineering.
And while many zebrafish researchers will continue to study development, others are now moving into the realms of physiology and behavioural studies.
The ZFIN Web site, at http://z.n.org/ZFIN, provides an extensive database for the zebrafish community including genetic, genomic, and developmental information; search engines for zebrafish researchers and laboratories; listings of meetings; and links to many other zebrafish sites, including sites with movies of zebrafish development.
The special issue of Development (Dec 1; 1996; 123: 1–461) on the first two mutagenesis screens contains 37 research articles and can be freely accessed at http://dev.biologists.org/content/vol123/issue1/index.shtml
It's not just a matter of developing the imaging technology, he stresses—“we'll need fundamental developments in semantics, too.”
Those societies that embrace the developments taking place in scholarly publishing may well see their membership and publications thrive more than societies that cling to the potentially unstable status quo.
‘In doing so, the ERC should create and support nodes of excellence in European universities and research institutions, strengthening the knowledge-base that underpins economic, industrial, cultural and societal development, and thereby stimulating European competitiveness and innovative capacity at all levels.
Another example comes from the study of morphogen gradient formation in animal development.
His insights guided my development of random dot kinematograms (i.e.
During development, cells need to communicate with each other to establish properly organised and functional tissues.
Similarly, it has been proposed in the development of the 
The first paper (Halpin and Harbury 2004a) reports the development of resin-linked oligonucleotides that efficiently and sequence-specifically capture DNA containing complementary subsequences.
In lines bombarded late in plant development, triggering of silencing was rarely observed.
However, when the transgene was introduced earlier in development, a large portion of the lines showed a substantial decrease and eventually full suppression of the chitinase mRNA levels.
The individual parts of a whole plant are, in terms of import and export, in an equilibrium that changes with development.
tadpoles are unable to regenerate their tails during a refractory period of development between stages 45 and 47 (Beck et al.
The programme goes into some detail about what is now known about the molecular basis of normal and abnormal development, and how we can begin to explain such extraordinary forms as that of the Parodi twins, who had distinct heads and shoulders, but merged into a single torso and a single pair of legs.
On another research track, using functional imaging, Ralph-Axel Müller, a cognitive neuroscientist at San Diego State University (San Diego, California, United States) sees a scattering of brain activation in autistic brains that he views as an indication of a more general brain development problem underlying the disorder (Figure 1).
Animal models may, in turn, yield clues about normal and abnormal brain development in humans.
Research focuses have shifted from “curing” autism to finding better diagnostics for early intervention, improving behavioral therapies, and gaining insight into the development and function of the autistic brain.
At the 2004 annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (Washington DC, United States), the UW center director Geraldine Dawson explained that this tackling of specific deficits will help researchers attach them to particular “mind modules” in the brain and will ultimately lead to the genes that control the development or function of those modules.
That modular view, however, is not shared by many of her colleagues elsewhere, who argue that autistic behaviors are the result of a system-wide perturbation of early brain development and connectivity.
The team hypothesizes that these skills, which normal children pick up easily and early, lay important groundwork for language development.
A detailed and comparative view of the genetic mechanisms underlying their host defense will contribute to the identification of new targets for insecticide development, and provide opportunities for controlling the transmission of pathogens.
In the mid 1990s, the United States Agency for International Development was investing more than $2 billion a year in 105 conservation projects with an ecotourism component.
Similarly, between 1988 and 2003, the World Bank funded 55 development projects that supported protected areas in Africa, 32 of which placed an emphasis on ecotourism.
‘Much of the information about community-based ecotourism is anecdotal and subjective,’ says Agnes Kiss of the Environment and Social Development Unit at the World Bank.
It could also bring far greater development benefits than indirect financial support, he says (Box 2).
An additional spin-off is that direct payments force conservation biologists to quantify and hence clarify their objectives, says John Hough, principal technical advisor on biodiversity for the United Nations Development Programme.
Plant growth and development involves the integration of many environmental and endogenous signals that, together with the intrinsic genetic program, determine plant form.
This group includes auxin, cytokinin, the gibberellins (GAs), abscisic acid (ABA), ethylene, the brassinosteroids (BRs), and jasmonic acid (JA), each of which acts at low concentrations to regulate many aspects of plant growth and development.
Virtually every aspect of plant growth and development is under hormonal control to some degree.
More recently, the isolation of hormone biosynthetic and response mutants has provided powerful new tools for painting a clearer picture of the roles of the various phytohormones in plant growth and development.
Molecular and biochemical analysis of the gene products defined by these mutations, coupled with expression studies aimed at identifying the downstream target genes that mediate hormonal changes in growth and development, has begun to unlock some of the mysteries behind phytohormone action.
One of the main themes of the book is the evolutionary approach and the importance of biological structures and properties that were co-opted in the development of language (pre-adaptations).
While the identity of the yield gene conferring the phenotype was not critical to the success of the cultivar development scheme described by Zamir and Gur (2004), there is great curiosity to understand the gene(s) or genes and genetic mechanisms that underlie traits of interest to agriculture.
Because the approach is primarily useful for self-pollinating species (as opposed to cross-pollinators), variety development can go forward with the expectation that new varieties can be developed and distributed as inbred strains.
Moreover, functional genomics support the concept that skeletal muscle remodeling to a ST phenotype, either through activated calcineurin or PPARδ, can protect against the development of dietary-induced insulin resistance (Ryder et al.
After months of often dizzying rhetoric from virtually all camps, one concrete development has indisputably emerged from the fray: governments around the world have begun to take an interest in the question of who can and can't read the results of the scientific research they fund.
Proponents envisage development of a comprehensive database of sequences, preferably associated with voucher specimens representing described species, against which sequences from sampled individuals can be compared.
He created, against what must have been considerable obstacles, the first widely successful PDA, and continued the development of this platform.
Crucially, over the course of the development of unsupervised learning methods, it has been realised that the best way to approach the extraction of input structure, and inference with it, is through the language and tools of probability theory and statistics.
The same realisation has driven substantial developments in artificial intelligence, machine learning, computer vision, and a host of other disciplines.
It is postulated that tissue injury by these reactive oxygen species accumulates over a long period of time and plays roles in the aging process and the development of heart disease, diabetes, chronic inflammatory diseases, cancer, and several neurodegenerative diseases (Halliwell 1999).
The degree of the development of these isolating mechanisms is roughly proportional to the genetic distance between the populations, reflecting the fact that incompatibilities accumulate over time (Coyne and Orr 1989).
In recent years, exciting developments have started to take place in the analysis of the genetics of reinforcement (reviewed in Servedio and Noor 2003).
These developments both parallel and overlap with progress made on the genetics of speciation and species differences in general.
This leads to the novel conclusion that reinforcement is not just increasing the strength of an already existing mechanism of species discrimination, but is occurring through the development of a new discrimination system.
These kinds of developments can also motivate more realistic theoretical models of the reinforcement process.
Generalizations of single linear equations to families of simultaneous multi-variable linear equations stimulated the development of linear algebra and the European re-invention and naming of matrices in the mid-19th century.
Many of these developments blend smoothly into their antecedents and later elaborations.
For example, game theory has a history before the work of John von Neumann (von Neumann 1959; von Neumann and Morgenstern 1953), and Karl Pearson's development of the correlation coefficient (Pearson and Lee 1903) rested on earlier work by Francis Galton (1889).
Beginning in the 1980s, general principles began to emerge about the evolution of development in animals.
and the subsequent discovery of their conservation and similar expression in different Metazoans led to the revolutionary realization that many of the mechanisms critical to basic animal development have been conserved across more than 500 million years of evolution.
However, though critical for development and reproduction, the mechanisms that specify sex determination are among the least-conserved known.
There are also systems in which heterozygosity at a single locus is required for female development (known as complementary sex determination; [3]), as well as systems involving sex determination via multiple genes with additive effects.
Soon, related doublesex-mab-3 (DM)-family genes with roles in male sexual development were discovered in vertebrates and even cnidarians [7,8].
, the first gene to respond to the X:A ratio is Sxl , whose transcription is regulated by both autosomal and X-linked factors very early in development [4,13].
Later in development, transcription from a second promoter occurs in both sexes, but these transcripts cannot be productively spliced without the earlier burst of Sxl expression.
Though the divergence is extreme, it is likely that a better understanding of the evolution of sex determination genes and pathways holds lessons about the evolution of development in general.
Presumably, the atlas will be a boon for drug discovery and development by providing information on drug targets present within brain cells.
The mouse is a young adult at 56 days old, free from the confounding factors of development.
Other avenues currently being pursued explore individual variability, development, and comparisons between species (See Box 1).
The American S&E labor pool is shrinking, and industry has already responded by transferring much of its research and development overseas; however, companies are mostly moving lab scientists, not strategic analysts.
Herzer, for one, now a technology development representative at the Scripps Research Institute, has staked his future on the potential of professional master's degrees.
You're the director of one of the world's largest medical research charities, and you receive notification from one of your funded investigators in Africa reporting some exciting progress toward the development of a vaccine for malaria.
However, the Trust considers that the development of a PubMed Central portal in the UK offers the best next step in the transition towards a situation where all high-quality peer-reviewed research is available for free via the Internet, whilst leaving all publishers room for manoeuvre in this changing market.
For two decades, the bulk of our knowledge of molecular pathways that guide cardiac growth, development, and disease has been gleaned from a combination of in vivo studies in genetically engineered mice and primary cultures of neonatal and adult rat cardiomyocytes.
The development of well-characterized cardiac progenitor cells offers the promise of using real genetic-based approaches to rapidly define the complex pathways that guide cardiac contractility, excitability, and lineage diversification into atrial, ventricular, and conduction system myocyte cell lineages.
The likelihood that he had heard of these scientific developments seems remote, particularly in view of the fact that Andy Warhol was following the same track of using cartoon material, reputedly in mutual ignorance of Lichtenstein's breakthrough.
Similar phenomena have been predicted in other sensory modalities [19,41], but remain to be shown directly by exposing different individuals to different environments during development.
MMP12 deficiency has been shown to protect mice against emphysema after chronic exposure to cigarette smoke, implying that MMP12 may be the key proteinase in the development of emphysema in this species [49,50].
Aside from efforts to prevent smoking or encourage cessation, there exist no measures that prevent development of emphysema or treat the specific causes of airway obstruction.
According to a recent Institute of Medicine report, and a study sponsored by the US Agency for International Development, the number of health care workers in many African countries is actually shrinking as they are lured to developed countries by better pay and professional opportunities (Box 1) [2,3].
Both during surgical training and in the early years of faculty development, surgeons must obtain a thorough grounding in the principles of basic research and proper clinical investigation.
To help correct for this worrisome trend, the NIH created the “K” award system—career development grants designed to help starting researchers gain the experience needed to compete for RO1 grants.
Locally, and individually, surgeons must join efforts to improve the clinical research enterprise by including training in clinical investigation at an early stage in medical school and during surgical residency training, fostering the careers of young surgeon-investigators through committed, protected time, participating in local and national clinical research groups, and recognizing that development as a clinical researcher takes time—many years in fact.
In the brain, glucocerebroside arises from the turnover of complex lipids during brain development and the formation of the myelin sheath of nerves.
The development of enzyme replacement therapy for Gaucher disease, that is, exogenous administration of the missing enzyme, is a triumph of translational medicine.
This led to the development of a modified enzyme, processed to expose mannose, and to its production on an industrial scale from placentas.
The quality of life for patients with Gaucher disease has been greatly improved by the development of enzyme replacement therapy.
This profitability has served as a stimulus for the development of enzyme replacement treatments for diseases less common and generally less responsive to treatment than Gaucher disease.
Short synthetic peptides are ideal for drug development because of the relatively low cost of production, easy storage, and high safety.
The development of such responses, however, requires a large tumor load, occurs late in the disease, and probably does not cause the efficient destruction of the tumor cells [4].
The successful use of HAART is limited by drug-related toxicities, high costs, and drug resistance [3], factors which have led to the development of alternative therapeutic strategies, including the use of supervised, or structured, treatment interruption (STI).
This study raises important questions in our understanding of HIV pathogenesis, treatment, and vaccine development.
Finally, is this good or bad news for HIV vaccine development?
This format will allow the development of better tools to help clinicians apply trial results to their practice.
Publicly accessible trial databases (such as the Trial Bank Project at http://rctbank.ucsf.edu) are under development.
The idea of enlisting the immune system to fight cancer has been around for a long time, and has led to the development of various cancer vaccines designed to alert the immune system to the presence of a tumor and to induce a response that, selectively and potently, will eliminate tumor cells.
While patent incentives and commercial pharmaceutical houses have made Western health care the envy of the world, the commercial model only works if companies can sell enough patented products to cover their research and development (R&D) costs.
The second involves charities creating nonprofit venture-capital firms (“Virtual Pharmas”), which look for promising drug candidates and then push drug development through contracts with corporate partners.
In this article, we discuss the limitations of these two approaches and suggest a third, “open source,” approach to drug development, called the Tropical Diseases Initiative (TDI).
Virtual Pharmas have clearly started to bear fruit, and are responsible for most candidate treatments for tropical diseases currently under development.
For example, the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative has a portfolio of nine projects spread out across the drug development pipeline for the treatment of leishmaniasis, sleeping sickness, Chagas disease, and malaria [6].
Second, Virtual Pharma's development pipelines will run dry without more upstream research.
We expect sponsors to exploit this advantage by signing development contracts with whichever company offers the lowest bid.
A successful program must (1) make a significant contribution toward supplying the genomic insights that tropical disease research needs to move forward, and (2) make useful drug candidates available for development and production under open-source licenses.
Is it possible, then, that sleep-related changes in leptin and ghrelin influence the development of metabolic and immune disorders?
These changes can be hypothesized to play a contributory, rather than compensatory, role in the development of overweight and obesity with sleep restriction.
(3) Patients were also withdrawn as therapy failures if (a) the CD4 cell number declined by more than 45% of the baseline CD4 count, (b) participants developed an opportunistic infection, even if retaining required CD4 count levels, or (c) a viral load of greater than 500,000 copies/ml occurred once, with or without development of acute retroviral syndrome as defined by fever, skin lesions, and pharyngitis.
It is of interest to note that despite the large amount of research activity on TIs in patients with suppressed chronic infection and the hundreds of monitored interruptions studied to date, only limited cases of development of clinical resistance (as evidenced by a lack of viral resuppression following therapy reinitiation) have emerged, in contrast to the multiple reports of detection of viral sequences off ART associated with resistance as shown in this study and others [11,19,29,30,39,40].
The development [15,16] and clinical introduction of lymphotropic magnetic nanoparticles has been shown to significantly improve diagnostic accuracies of MRI for nodal staging (LMRI) in prostate cancer [17].
Our findings have a number of direct implications for technology development and in clinical care.
The aim of this new funding body, which has a budget of &euro;400 million spread over five years, is a noble one: to fund research in developing countries, particularly in Africa, that contributes to the development of affordable prophylactics and drugs for HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria.
Therefore, there is a clear need for "capacity building"—development of a research infrastructure, in terms of both equipment and personnel, that is capable of coping with the challenges of clinical trials.
Acquired resistance to coccidioidomycosis strongly correlates with the development of a delayed-type hypersensitivity skin test response to coccidioidal antigens [23] and the production of T-helper-1 (Th1)-associated cytokines to coccidioidal antigens, such as interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) and Interleukin-2 (IL-2) [24].
As previously mentioned, recovery from disease confers lifelong immunity to reinfection, and is a rationale for the development and implementation of a vaccine for the prevention of symptomatic or serious forms of the disease.
A candidate vaccine comprised of a fusion protein based on two antigens has been selected and is currently in pharmaceutical development under the sponsorship of this project, with the goal of evaluating the safety and immunogenicity in humans.
So far, we have little evidence that mental practice will help prevent the development of dementia.
We have better evidence that good brain health is multiply determined, that brain development early in life matters, and that genetic influences are of great importance in accounting for individual differences in cognitive reserve and in explaining who develops Alzheimer disease and who does not.
The passage of the Bayh–Dole Act in 1980 enabled universities to license inventions for commercial development [3].
Therefore, universities have an incentive to advance the clinical development of inventions by their faculty.
The incremental gain in safety is likely to be small (particularly if oversight is well established), while the decrease in speed of development will be significant.
The protective effects of antibody to pneumococcal capsular polysaccharides have been appreciated since the development of serum therapy, in which passively transferred, serotype-specific antipneumococcal serum reduced mortality from pneumococcal pneumonia by half [1].
The development of pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccines for adults [2] and the efficacy of pneumococcal polysaccharide–protein conjugate vaccines in infants and children [3,4] have confirmed that active immunity to the polysaccharide can provide excellent protection against invasive disease from pneumococci of the same serotype, and in some cases protection against cross-reacting serotypes within the same serogroup.
While the ability of passive or vaccine-induced anticapsular antibodies to protect against pneumococcal disease is clear, less is known about the natural development of immunity to pneumococcal disease in unimmunized persons.
As we discuss below, each of these lines of evidence is subject to caveats, but we believe that, taken together, these observations make a strong case for the importance of one or more factors other than acquisition of anticapsular antibodies in the development of protection against pneumococcal disease.
A better understanding of the mechanisms that underlie natural immunity to pneumococcus could pave the way for the development of more effective, species-specific pneumococcal vaccines.
Recent developments in HIV treatment, with simple combination therapies priced at less than US$150 per year—unthinkable just a short time ago—were a major driver of discussions during the conference.
Subsequent development of vaccines based on the bacterium's polysaccharide capsule, which could protect against infection, confirmed that an endogenous antibody response can provide protection against invasive disease.
One challenge for vaccine development has been the existence of many different serotypes (the same species of bacteria but with different composition of the polysaccharide capsule).
The study doesn't demonstrate what the additional components are, but additional research might not just teach us about our immune system but also provide clues for further vaccine development.
As the authors say, “A better understanding of the mechanisms that underlie natural immunity to pneumococcus could pave the way for the development of more effective, species-specific pneumococcal vaccines.”
We must focus on the development of training, monitoring, and quality assurance systems that ensure that prevention and care are integrated whenever possible.
It may be timely to address the prevention of diabetes in patients with metabolic syndrome since these patients are at high risk for development of type 2 diabetes.
Failing to comply with lifestyle modification, his weight has increased 7 lb in two years and likely contributes to his development of diabetes.
Tight glycemic control can slow the progression of diabetic retinopathy (Figures 1–3) [9] and help prevent development of proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
There is an association between metabolic syndrome and the development of CVD and type 2 diabetes [13].
The effect of this hyperinsulinemic state in metabolic syndrome is also believed to be involved in excess pro-inflammatory and pro-thrombotic markers associated with the development of diabetes and CVD [15].
Free community science was inspired by the free software movement, which itself was inspired by the application of the ideal of scientific cooperation, as it was applied to software development by the operating system developers of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Artificial Intelligence Lab in the 1970s.
Critical neurodevelopmental processes occur in the human central nervous system during fetal development and in the first three years of life.
Environmental toxins covertly enter a child's body transplacentally during fetal development or by direct ingestion of house dust, soil, and breastmilk and other dietary sources during early childhood [51,52,53,54,55,56].
The structure and development of the cerebral cortex of animals commonly used in these studies differs markedly from that of humans.
Results of the pilot experiences were reported at a final conference in December 2004 and will form the basis of European recommendations on migrant-friendliness as a quality criterion for hospital development and on the role of hospitals in promoting health and health literacy for migrants and ethnic minorities.
Indeed, in the absence of comprehensive economic development, the impact of sanitation, footwear, and health education has been minimal [19].
Deworming satisfies a number of United Nations Millennium Development Goals including those related to poverty reduction, child health, and education.
The HHVI is a non-profit partnership comprising research, process development, vaccine manufacturing and control, and pre-clinical and clinical testing units at the George Washington University, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and Oswaldo Cruz Foundation (FIOCRUZ), and sponsored by the Sabin Vaccine Institute (www.sabin.org).
Process development, cGMP manufacture and control, and pre-clinical testing of Na -ASP-2 from 
Given that hookworm afflicts only the world's most impoverished, a major hurdle for the development of the Na -ASP-2 Hookworm Vaccine is its small commercial market.
This approach might help to inform the development of business models for the production and distribution of orphan biologics for other neglected diseases.
In addition, an understanding of the molecular signaling events that drive the beneficial effects of exercise on human physiology could foster the development of novel drugs, devices, or biological agents designed to substitute for exercise.
Patterning of skeletal muscle fiber composition is initially determined during embryonic development, but can be partially or completely overturned by stimuli applied to fully mature adult myofibers: by hormonal influences (e.g.
The starting point for the development of a human-rights based policy on mental health is that mentally ill individuals are full human beings who are entitled to rights.
MDRI has documented how European governments, development banks and international humanitarian relief organizations fund projects to build new psychiatric institutions and orphanages throughout the Americas and Eastern Europe, rather than focusing on community care [9].
Nonetheless, studies presented here provide a basis for the rational development of “second generation” kinase inhibitors for use in NSCLC.
0020075), the initial identification three years ago of resistance mutations against imatinib led to the rapid development of alternative kinase inhibitors that work even against tumors with the resistance mutation.
Although there are many potential mechanisms for development of clinical resistance, most cases of imatinib-resistant CML are due to point mutations in the BCR-ABL kinase domain itself, including T315I [10,11].
Pao and colleagues' superb study also highlights several important points that may guide development of kinase-targeted therapies in the future.
This proactive approach should shorten the time frame for new drug development.
avß3 integrin has a role in cell migration and extravasation, which occurs during metastasis, and also in angiogenesis—the development of new blood vessels that are essential for the growth of tumors.
In the research paper in PLoS Medicine , Haubner and colleagues take the development of the compound further towards clinical application.
The prevalence of asthma and allergy has risen in all industrialized countries during recent decades, and there is much debate about exposure to pets in early life and later development of asthma and allergy.
Where does this finding leave patients who might wonder about exposure to cats and the development of allergy?
Nowhere is this more true than in medicine, where the suffering of our patients underpins our scientific inquiry, our clinical development, and our personal growth as healers.
A human rights approach to health information systems also supports effective health development.
The development group of HMN recently considered strategies for strengthening health information systems within countries.
Therefore, the public release of equity-oriented information on health should be explicitly planned for in the development of health information systems.
The HMN Equity Working Group suggests development of international standards for collection and sharing of disaggregated data and its use.
The initial development stage of the HMN has now ended, and hopefully the refinement and implementation stages of the effort will begin within the next year.
The availability of human neural progenitor cells allowed us to investigate whether inductive signals involved in normal pathways of islet development could direct these neural progenitors to develop into glucose-responsive IPCs.
We used human insulin cDNA (320 bp) cloned in plasmid pCR4-TOPO (Invitrogen) as a template for in vitro transcription to produce riboprobes with a digoxigenin-RNA labeling kit (Ambion, Austin, Texas, United States), performed hybridization with IPC cluster sections as described [16], and used DIG Nucleic Acid Detection Kit (Roche, Indianapolis, Indiana, United States) for development according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Glucose Restriction Initiates IPC Development
Thus, we postulated that glucose reduction might blunt neurogenic programs by NSs and promote alternate fates, including development of IPCs.
Therefore, we switched NS culture conditions from high glucose (37 mM, “stage 1”) to low glucose (5 mM, “stage 2”; see Figure 1A) to initiate development.
We also detected increased expression of Neurogenin3 (ngn3) (see Figure 1C), a transcription factor expressed in differentiating neurons, and required for development of pancreatic islet progenitor cells [24,25,26].
RA Promotes IPC Development
RA induces development of primitive endodermal cells from a subset of embryonal carcinoma cell lines, and is an endogenous signal that directs development of posterior organs like the pancreas from embryonic endoderm [27,28].
RA induces development of primitive endodermal cells from a subset of embryonal carcinoma cell lines, and is an endogenous signal that directs development of posterior organs like the pancreas from embryonic endoderm [27,28].
In vivo exposure to RA is sufficient to induce ectopic development of insulin-expressing tissue in the anterior foregut [27].
To investigate whether RA could stimulate development of NS-derived cells toward an IPC fate, we measured expression of Pdx1, Cdx1, and FoxA3, transcription factors that regulate gastrointestinal organ development [29,30].
To investigate whether RA could stimulate development of NS-derived cells toward an IPC fate, we measured expression of Pdx1, Cdx1, and FoxA3, transcription factors that regulate gastrointestinal organ development [29,30].
Thus, higher doses of RA induced markers of posterior fate in NS-derived cells, a dosage response like that seen during RA patterning of posterior gut development in vivo.
By contrast, mesoderm development invariably accompanies endoderm development in embryoid bodies derived from human ES cells or embryonic germ cells [31,32,33].
By contrast, mesoderm development invariably accompanies endoderm development in embryoid bodies derived from human ES cells or embryonic germ cells [31,32,33].
RA can activate signaling through the Hedgehog (Hh) pathway, and recent studies show that Hh signals control development of embryonic pancreatic islets in vivo [16,34].
To elucidate the mechanisms underlying RA-induced expression of markers like FoxA3 and Pdx1, we examined Hh signaling during IPC development.
At 300 nM, a dose used to induce neuronal development in ES cell cultures [21], Shh produced a significant increase in neurite outgrowth in NS-derived cells (Figure 3D and 3E; see Methods), and resulted in increased Ptc expression (Figure 3F).
These data are reminiscent of prior studies demonstrating that excess endodermal Shh signaling disrupts pancreas development in vivo [16,34].
ngn3, Pdx1, and Hb9 are essential factors for mammalian β-cell development [22], and their expression in stage 3 suggested the potential for deriving IPCs.
Thus, reduction of glucose in stage 2 growth medium followed by a later increase in glucose at stage 3 or 4 was essential for development of IPCs.
Our study shows that application of endogenous signals governing pancreas development to human neural progenitor cells can generate glucose-responsive IPCs.
Further experimentation may elucidate the basis for these differences, revealing the extent of neural progenitor cell development toward an endocrine cell fate.
Recent studies suggest that neural cells can be derived from adult pancreatic epithelium [7,8], adding to a growing body of data demonstrating numerous similarities in neural and pancreatic endocrine development (reviewed in [43]).
Nevertheless, compared to other methods for IPC development from human stem cells [13,44], our methods produced insulin at the highest levels yet achieved from an expandable, human stem-cell-derived tissue.
However, a more detailed analysis of how parameters of economic development are associated with health outcomes as well as NCD risk factors is needed to inform local and global health policies.
CVD risk factor surveillance should be incorporated into national program planning and into best practices for NCD control supported by the World Health Organization and other health development agencies.
Rather, we need to learn from the history of socioeconomic development that it is not simply affluence that permits the increased impact of CVD and other NCDs; it is the risk factors for these diseases that spread across socioeconomic boundaries, causing the same illnesses regardless of the socioeconomic status of the population.
Addressing CVD risk factors could best be accomplished through improved international cooperation, better understanding of the risks of globalization, and development of appropriate research and technologies that apply to low- and middle-income populations.
These trends have forced many countries to change their treatment policies and use more expensive drugs, including drug combinations that will hopefully slow the development of resistance.
Kim and colleagues took human neural progenitor cells derived from brain, and exposed them to a series of signals that are known to drive pancreatic islet development.
Hyperlipidemia represents an important modifiable risk factor in the development and progression of CHD.
An adult without diabetes requires a minimum of 100 to 125 grams (400 to 500 calories) of glucose per day to prevent protein catabolism and the development of ketosis.
More importantly, the use of a sliding scale treatment might predispose to DKA in insulin-deficient patients before the development of hyperglycemic levels.
The development of early warning systems (EWSs) for epidemics of infectious diseases based on recurrent statistical patterns in other kinds of information, particularly data on climate, is an active area of research [1,2].
Furthermore, our system also offers a novel platform to study basic mechanisms of mesodermal induction and differentiation during early human development.
One of us (JTM) has previously reported the development of a novel microchip-based detection system for measuring analytes such as acids, bases, electrolytes, and proteins in solution phase [21â€“23].
Further development of the ETC system has shown that it could be adapted to the detection of bacteria, spores, and living cells [24].
In addition, both the bias in the method described here (âˆ’50 cells) and the accuracy at higher CD4 counts are likely to be improved significantly by the further development of a disposable microfluidic cartridge, where the volume of distribution of the sample will be much smaller, and more accurate volumetric control will be possible.
While the methods we described provide the basis for a highly portable and flexible miniaturized CD4 counting system, it should be emphasized that a number of additional developments are required to enable the widespread use of this approach in resource-limited settings.
Such a device is currently in commercial development, and may be available by early 2006.
We believe that the future of low-cost diagnostics for use in the developing world lies in the development of new lab-on-a-chip technologies that integrate sample preparation and sample measurement systems into miniaturized devices with minimal power requirements.
Use of vaccinia vectors in humans is problematic, especially in areas where HIV infection is common—immune-suppressed individuals can develop serious skin lesions—and several alternative vaccines based on other vectors as well as harmless vaccinia ones are under development.
As cells specialize during development they pass through different levels of differentiation, from the earliest stem cells through to the highly specialized types that make up the body's organs.
Further development of protocols will be needed to address this issue.
In addition, the techniques described here will provide a very useful resource for studying mesenchymal cell development.
I was especially struck by the many stories recounting the development of a particular patient's illness, the patient's efforts to manage it, and the resulting interactions with health professionals.
If we are to restore objectivity to drug development, prescribing, and safety monitoring, we must be willing to examine and change all of the institutions that allow this synchrony to occur.
There are also a number of new academic consortia with novel strategies to address issues of target discovery and preclinical development.
With funding from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, more than a dozen faculty and scientists from six research institutions (see Box 1) are working in collaboration with Immtech International to manage the “cross-over” development of antifungals produced by Immtech as potential drugs for African trypanosomiasis, also known as African sleeping sickness.
This approach takes advantage of drug development of a class of compounds targeting a viable commercial market for Immtech (fungal diseases of the developed world).
Strategy three: An academic center uses a philanthropic gift to woo expertise from industry and build infrastructure for preclinical drug development.
Here, philanthropic support was used to build infrastructure for a consortium of laboratories that mimics what might be found in a small- to medium-sized pharmaceutical company organized to carry out preclinical drug discovery and development.
Validation of this compound as an antiparasitic was carried out by the UCSF team through rodent models of disease and, next, supported, as in the case of the Tulane consortium, by Dr. Chuck Litterst, Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Drug Development and Surveillance Group.
The UCSF group initially handed over further development of a drug candidate to the Institute for OneWorld Health (iOWH), one of the nonprofit organizations that has sprung up to meet “downstream” drug development needs for neglected diseases (see Sidebar).
The UCSF group initially handed over further development of a drug candidate to the Institute for OneWorld Health (iOWH), one of the nonprofit organizations that has sprung up to meet “downstream” drug development needs for neglected diseases (see Sidebar).
The Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative (www.dndi.org) has now become the main partner for further development [4].
The Sandler Center consortium itself is now focusing on completing preclinical development of similar drug candidates targeting homologous enzymes in several other major global pathogens.
The future is likely to see a number of academic or academic–industrial collaborations supporting preclinical development in consortia like those described above.
This prediction was already borne out at the April 2005 meeting, “Drug Development for Diseases of Protozoa,” sponsored by the Keystone Symposia.
In the short time since the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene meeting, it has become clear that more academic laboratories are encouraged to pursue drug discovery and development avenues beyond research traditionally thought of as academic.
In addition, significant help from some large pharmaceutical companies, notably the Trés Cantos laboratory of GlaxoSmithKline, has fueled focused academic- and nonprofit-organization drug development efforts.
For example, DISC1 modulates neurite outgrowth, there is an extensive literature on the involvement of NRG1 in the development of the CNS, and RGS4 may modulate intracellular signaling for many G-protein-coupled receptors.
In this essay, we characterize the current HIV epidemic in Nepal, look at the ways in which the conflict may be fuelling the infection rate, and discuss the current local and international response from the health and development community.
Foreign aid, which accounts for nearly 60% of Nepal's development budget, may have paradoxically contributed to lopsided development in Nepal.
Foreign aid, which accounts for nearly 60% of Nepal's development budget, may have paradoxically contributed to lopsided development in Nepal.
While aid money has favoured urban development and centralized power, the rural–urban gap has widened over the years.
One important development in recent years has been within the area of condom promotion for HIV/AIDS prevention.
HIV/AIDS is no longer only a health issue, it is also a development issue.
There is also some evidence that combinations of therapies could greatly retard development of resistance to the partner drug.
Current antiviral therapies include lamivudine and alpha-interferon, but long-term resolution of the disease is disappointing because of low seroconversion rates and the development of drug-resistant viral mutants.
However, they suggest that these results indicate that although drug development of antivirals is an established research avenue, targeting the host is an untapped opportunity.
The detection system used in the present report is a tabletop instrument that serves as a prototype for a fully portable handheld model, which is now under development.
The study was intended to inform ongoing policy discussions and development of effective interventions.
(a) The provision for the reduction of the stillbirth-rate and of infant mortality and for the healthy development of the child;
The development of a vaccine or other preventive biomedical intervention therefore bears the greatest hope to curb the rampant HIV epidemic [2].
The belief that experiments involving realistically low challenge doses require unfeasibly large numbers of animals has prevented the development of low-dose challenge models.
This shift of focus required the development of novel statistical models that allowed the estimation of these indirect effects [42,43].
Will the estimation of vaccine efficacy in repeated low-dose challenge studies also require the development of novel statistical techniques?
If the probability of infection changes significantly with the number of challenges, however, the development of novel statistical models that take such changes into account will be necessary to adequately estimate vaccine efficacy.
Animal models can play an essential role in guiding preclinical vaccine development, including in studies of preclinical vaccine safety, vaccine toxicity, and vaccine immunogenicity.
It heralded the first great phase of development in science and architecture; hieroglyphs were developed and the first great building phase took place.
The Romans ruled a pagan empire, but the Aegean had an important influence on the early development of Christianity.
•Since then, the development of Ibiza has continued, and the island’s fortunes are now almost completely derived from tourism.
Around the turn of the century Britain and other countries had noted with great interest the developments in Palestine, and during World War I the British courted Jews and Arabs for help to get rid of the Ottoman Empire.
Throughout the seventh and eighth centuries numerous Japanese monks, scholars, and artists made the perilous trip west across the Sea of Japan to study Chinese religion, history, music, literature, and painting — later to be brought back for further development in Japan.
Jerusalem’s mayor, Teddy Kollek, spent the next 25 years orchestrating a vast program of development, adding new cultural institutions and parks and instituting neighborhood restoration projects while tirelessly me diating the concerns of Jerusalem’s many communities.
Today, as always, Jerusalem is a city of controversies: religious Jews in conflict with secular Jews; Palestinians calling for independence; many residents protesting a wave of high-rise development that many claim will turn the Holy City into a holy megalopolis.
Fossils tell an obscure story of man’s slow and sporadic development.
Surrounded by acres of farmland hewn from the hard desert, the adobe fort became a focal point for the development of Las Vegas for the next fifty years.
Nationalists in the new United Malays National Organization (UMNO) resented this “foreign” intrusion imposed by 19th-century economic development.
This has been supplemented by the spread of lucrative palm oil plantations, the discovery of rich new reserves of petroleum and natural gas off the north coast of Borneo and the east coast of the peninsula, and development of manufacturing and tourism industries.
An active government cultural policy in recent years has ­preserved the architectural monuments of the “national patrimony” from the ravages of time, weather, war, revolution, and urban development.
The city has drawn Christian visitors, sometimes heavily armed, ever since the proclamation of the “Holy Land” and development of the first Christian sites for pilgrims in the fifth century.
Despite the concrete sprawl of Japan’s postwar urban development, you can still find tranquillity in a brilliant-green, moss-covered temple garden or in the alcove of a traditional restaurant with its tatami-mat flooring, shielded from the other guests by shoji (paper screens) — remnants of a not-so-distant past.
Outside the resort corridors, new suburban residential developments have swallowed the surrounding desert, eagerly edging to the bases of the easterly and westerly mountain ranges.
Not far from these modest areas are the city’s first upscale developments, Rancho Circle and the Scotch 80s.
Malaysia’s two parts share a hot, humid climate, but differ greatly in population density and urban development.
Economic development has given younger Malaysians wider choices than in previous generations.
The northern coast has been the major focus of tourist development on Jamaica since the 1970s.
Much of the new development has occurred here, and in some places this has changed the character of the landscape.
Its disadvantage, if it matters, is a lack of attractiveness: it is a rather soulless hodgepodge of development with no real character.
There is no development here for two main reasons.
The southern-most margins of the island — away from the pressure of human development — are a haven for wildlife.
This area, the farthest from Kingston, lagged behind other parts of Jamaica in modern development, protected from the commercial activity of the east by the limestone landscape of Cockpit Country, making travel and communication difficult.
Numbers have been dwindling due to the rapid development of recent decades, but the 87 hectares (215 acres) of palms here are protected from exploitation and damage.
The development of new malls such as the Forum Shops (at Caesars Palace) has in some cases single-handedly elevated the state of shopping in the city, with even more major hotel-based shopping promenades having emerged at the recently opened Aladdin and Venetian resorts.
When the castle was built atop the hill, the original city of Edinburgh grew on this ridge, reaching down in a ribbon of development toward the Abbey of Holyrood, at the foot of the hill in the east.
Combined with the geological setting of the city, this stifled development.
Across Castlehill is the Scottish Whisky Heritage Centre, which tells the story of the development of Scottish whisky with interesting displays.
St. Giles Cathedral, on your right, was the original parish church for the city and has been at the center of many of its most important developments.
Experience the formation of the continental plates and the development of different climatic regions, then explore the complex and dynamic interactions that make our planet work.
It continues through the turbulent eras of Scottish history for both church and state, and on to the industrial developments of modern times.
The city has a long-standing international reputation for research and development, which began in 1681 with the founding of the Royal College of Physicians.
His ideas were not made official until 1752, and it was another 14 years before plans were put into place for a competition to create a design for this new development, to be called the New Town.
They were built at the very beginning of the 16th century by Sultan al-Ghuri, the last Mameluke ruler, and his mausoleum at the heart of the development is now a cultural center hosting regular performances of the Whirling Dervishes (who achieve religious ecstasy by circling around in continuous motion).
Some of the recent development is rather unattractive, but there are a number of excellent resort hotels providing just about everything you could want for a beach vacation.
Tourist development in the Sinai is mainly along the east coast where the coast meets the waters of the Gulf of Aqaba, though there can be many miles between resorts.
For a refreshing look at modern urban development, visit the new, neoclassical Antigone quarter, just on the opposite side of the Place de la Comédie from the old town.
Only the southeastern corner has any real development, and the road system comprises less than 10 km (16 miles) from the pretty, narrow streets of Chora, the island’s only town, to the beach at Milopotamos in the neighboring bay.
The middle of the island has mountains that rise over 1,200 m (4,050 ft), separating the northern part of the island, and protecting it from the effects of development in the south.
Since the construction of the New Macau-Taipa Bridge has allowed easy access to the airport, the population has grown to more than 30,000, with industrial development, new apartment blocks, and luxury resort hotels.
The quaint Taipa Village, with its narrow lanes and colonial buildings painted yellow, blue, and green, has almost been completely swallowed up by the development of nearby housing projects.
Guangzhou today is mostly about business and industry, featuring new development, skyscrapers, a whole new business area, and raised expressways.
Nowadays it is yet another target for tourist development, and there are already several small hotels and apartment complexes set amongst the pinewoods.
The place where Jesus grew up, Nazareth, is today a small, dusty Christian Arab town with sprawling modern developments swamping the old town and ancient sights.
Today it is lined with shipyards, factories, and industrial development, and its waters are badly polluted.
Malarial mosquitoes and repressive feudalism restrained the island’s development until the 19th century.
Its environmentally-sensitive development of the Costa Smeralda is a mecca for Europe’s yachting set and August sees its limited five-star hotels booked months in advance.
Five km (3 miles) south of the town, protected only by a couple of cypresses from an incongruous wilderness of highways and bleak urban development, stands the lovely church of Sant’Apollinare in Classe (549).
The permanent collection is housed in the old wing, and its fascinating exhibits showcase the development of Chinese-influenced Buddhist art and design.
One early influence of the foreign residents was the development of the nationally famous Kobe beef in a country that had never touched the stuff until foreign barbarians began demanding steaks.
Like popular hot-spring resorts around the country, this small town has been the site of furious development, and the many small traditional inns (ryokan) and bathhouses are now dwarfed by large, ugly concrete hotels.
Rather, it provides an opportunity to glimpse one key aspect of the very essence of a society and people whose origins, development, and identity hold a fascination for the rest of the world.
Also near Kannawa are several hot-spring developments, including attractive open-air rock pools and mineral mud baths with a “You’ve got it?
Without this wildly curving water tunnel, cut through the bedrock under Jerusalem by frantic teams who worked from both ends to meet in the middle, Judaic monotheism would have been destroyed and the development of Western civilization would have been considerably altered.
At 12 km (71⁄2 miles) in length, it is the second-largest lake after Windermere, but it does not have the commercial development of its big brother and is far less busy.
Development was fast and, by the turn of the century, grand mansions and hotels had been built for those vacationing during the winter.
Funchal’s deep natural harbor propelled the city’s development in the 15th and 16th centuries, when Ma­dei­ra became known to expeditions on their way to the Far East and Americas.
Across from the park is the Teatro Municipal (Municipal Theater), a miniature Victorian gem that hosts periodic concerts, while opposite the wine lodge is an old Scottish kirk (church), another indicator of the strong British influence on the island’s development.
A huge, fenced-off area is under construction as a zona franca — tax-free business development area — intended to attract foreign investment.
With so little in the way of industrial development elsewhere on the island, this zone is particularly startling.
After roughly another mile, turn off the main road towards Ponta do Garajau, a holiday development popular with German visitors.
Porto Santo’s prize is a long, golden beach, only recently touched by development.
Offices of the Malaysian Tourist Development Corporation in your home country can provide guidance to the most reputable companies (see page 190).
At the other end of this building you’ll also find Infokraf, where the Malaysian Handicraft Development Corporation has a permanent exhibition of national craftwork, with many exhibits for sale.
Several of the walks pass through — or close to — the Malaysian Agriculture Research Development Institute, just a few kilometers from Tahan Rata.
Until the recent land reclamation for new housing developments, these Malay, Chinese, and Tamil Indian eating places bordered on the seafront, but the cuisine (the most notable dish being the spicy mee hoon noodles) has not changed.
Development at Pantai Cenang is among the most extensive on the island.
Easy access from Singapore to east-coast resorts such as Desaru on the southeast and the islands offshore from Mersing has also led to the increased development of these destinations.
Until the development of the new international airport in KL, most people flew into or out of Singapore on their Malaysia trip, staying over most notably for the duty-free shopping.
What was once the heart of Singapore’s Chinese community is now being encroached upon by new development, as the rising skyscrapers of the financial district cast their ever-widening shadows on the shophouses of South Bridge Road.
Authorities felt that the road from Palma to Sóller, with its hairpin bends and the 496-m (1,627-ft) pass, the Coll de Sóller, was impeding development.
Much of the bay was originally surrounded by swampland, until development plans prompted large-scale reclamation.
The situation is changing somewhat, but it appears that major development won’t be permitted.
Resort development is restricted to a handful of coves and beaches on the southeast coast and the west coast.
Farther west along the coast is another spate of massive development.
Steps lead down the hill through sprawling development to a rather nice, but crowded, sandy beach.
Na Macaret was an old fishing village, and much of the new development seeks to imitate a traditional look, especially around the neat little square.
To the south of town, a long, sandy, gently sloping beach and sand dunes have brought obtrusive high-rise hotel and villa developments to the south coast at Sant Jaume and Platja de Son Bou.
The northwest corner of the island, in total contrast, is almost untouched by tourism, and environmentalists are winning supporters who want it declared off-limits for development.
With the subsequent development of new navigational techniques, it was no longer necessary to stay within sight of land.
Yet the lessons of rampant, ill-advised development across the border were not heeded.
Only recently has environmental and aesthetic consciousness at least mandated that newer developments be limited to low-rises.
Continue east and you will find three more beaches whose relative isolation has thus far protected them from development.
The coastal development nearby along the cliff tops continues apace.
The massive development on the east end of town, though, has pretty much run roughshod over the natural beauty of the area, all but eclipsing the former fishing village.
Its magnificent setting — enormous, pockmarked sandstone cliffs rise above a huge beach lined with colorful fishing boats and hundreds of sunbathers — has proved resistant to development ruin.
That may have been the case some years ago, but modern development has strongly interfered with its once distinctive appearance.
There is some holiday development here, but as yet only on a small scale.
The reason behind all this development is a long sandy beach, which stretches undisturbed for some 10 km (6 miles) between the two resorts and is backed by pine trees and dunes.
Extended several times, including a wing designed by de Keyser, it was opened as the Amsterdam Historical Museum in 1975 and its rooms reveal the details of the development of this fascinating city.
Downstairs were the offices and warehouses of Mr Frank’s business, which have been recreated in a multimillion dollar development opened in September 1999.
This, and Greece’s agreement to join the Euro currency zone in 2002, has resulted in a great deal of infrastructure and economic development, which has not been without its problems.
The Athenian love of leisure allowed the development of numerous pursuits such as theater — imagine a world without tragedy or comedy (without the ancient Athenians, the much-loved TV soap opera might never have been possible).
These were a development from the fayum paintings that covered the face of the dead in the sarcophagi of Egyptian mummies.
Rooms 7–35 concentrate on sculpture — perhaps the greatest collection of ancient sculpture in the world — and these are displayed to show the chronological development of the art form.
There are auditoria and cultural exhibitions here, and a small Theater Museum has displays charting the development of this art since ancient times.
This museum celebrates the art dating from before the development of Athens city-state — discovered in the Cyclades islands of the Aegean (c2000–3000 b.c.) A wonderful collection of naïve figurines carved in marble was discovered in graves on the islands.
On the ground floor, the interiors of several churches of differing ages have been reassembled to explain the development of architectural styles  — very useful if you intend to visit a range of churches during your stay.
The sandy shallows are ideal for swimming and snorkeling, and since the development of scuba (an acronym for self-contained underwater breathing apparatus) gear in the 1930s, the seas around the Bahamas have become a top destination for diving enthusiasts from around the world.
Every island has its own individual character, forged by a unique history and development, in fact the Bahamas could be said to be several different holiday experiences in one country, so it’s important to choose your island carefully to get the kind of holiday you want.
The wonderful beaches, such as Cabbage Beach on the northern coast, were the focus of the development.
As Paradise Island saw owners Donald Trump and Merv Griffin come and go, it went through a continuing series of developments and re-developments.
The Cable Beach “strip” is under continual development, and a number of private restaurants have opened recently to provide alternatives for guests staying at the resorts.
The territory east and southeast of Nassau has seen a great deal of development in the last twenty years; many of the major residential areas that have sprung up hold little interest for visitors.
As the economy of the US grew and Bahamian–US trade increased, a group of businessmen, led by Wallace Groves, saw the potential in the development of Grand Bahama.
In return Groves agreed to build a deep-water harbor and to encourage business development.
The large square building contains a diving pool and decompression chamber; those with no interest in actually practicing the sport can visit the museum, which charts the development of diving to the modern SCUBA (self-contained underwater breathing apparatus) method developed by Jacques Cousteau in the 1930s.
A large marina and 18-hole golf course attract a mixed group of people but the initial lure, and reason for the whole development, is Treasure Beach, one of the best in the whole Caribbean.
It has few telephones and electric power is only a recent development.
Development began only in 1896, when the Florida East Coast railroad was extended to the region.
If nothing else, the beach erosion has helped to keep Candi Dasa a quiet place, well-stocked with hotel rooms; it has also halted plans that would have led to even more development.
Celukanbawang Bay, 12 km (7 miles) from Seririt, is likely to become an important port if development plans are realized.
Each year brings new developments in the Pyrenees, most within two hours of Barcelona: Núria, at 1,963 meters (6,439 feet); La Molina, whose slopes rise to 2,537 meters (8,321 feet); and Vallter, with 12 slopes and a top station at 2,500 meters (8,200 feet).
Barcelona’s expansion came about in a remarkable burst of urban development.
The exhibits follow Miró’s artistic development from 1914 onwards.
This frank examination of Germany’s social and political history cleverly combines documents, photographs, and radio broadcasts to chronicle the rise of Fascism and the development of democracy.
A short stroll leads to Friedrichstraße, where over 100,000 m of GDR architectural monstrosity have been demolished and replaced by a very elegant development of designer shops, offices, and apartments.
Isolated from London by more than 5,300 km (3,300 miles) in an age of slow communications, Bermuda sometimes found itself out of step with developments in the homeland.
At any given time there were well over 1,000 prisoners employed in the development of the outpost’s military potential.
Under a 99-year lease, the US acquired about one-tenth of the land area of Bermuda for the development of naval and air bases, modernizing the defenses of Britain’s “Gibraltar of the West.”
This not only surprised the old school but ushered in a new era full of opportunity for development as the island keeps up with a rapidly changing world.
East on Front Street, out of Hamilton yet only a few minutes walk from the shops and restaurants of the town center, is the Bermuda Underwater Exploration Institute, which celebrates the important part Bermuda has played in the development of this fledgling science and sport.
A short video tells the story of the development of the Bathysphere, a machine that could withstand the immense water pressure thousands of feet beneath the surface so that scientists could study the creatures living at those depths.
There is also a short video presentation called “Bermuda: Centre of the Atlantic,” which tells the story of the founding and development of the island.
Visit the outstanding Peabody Essex Museum, where the exhibits tell the story of the development of this very wealthy seaport town, which produced America’s first millionaire, Elias Hesketh Derby.
The son of János Hunyadi, Korvin Mátyás (Matthias Corvinus), ascended the throne in 1458 and for the next 32 years the country enjoyed a golden age of intellectual and civic development.
Between Flórián tér and the river is Fotér, a small, picturesque cobbled square untouched by modern development.
Both of these deal almost exclusively with Hungarian developments and are most likely to appeal to specialists or children.
The Balaton Museum portrays the story of the settlement of the lake and the development of its people, including their agriculture and ﬁshing and its fauna and flora, in a lively exhibition.
This southeastern edge of the great Canadian Shield proved poor farm country and difficult to exploit for logging, but it really came into its own in the 20th century with the development of tourism.
However, such developments are mostly the exception and whole swathes of even the more developed islands are virtually untouched, while La Palma, La Gomera and El Hierro are only now starting to provide even the most basic tourist facilities.
In 1852 the Canary Islands were declared a duty-free zone in order to stimulate the development of the archipelago and its ports as an Atlantic staging base.
However, this area is overdeveloped; what is surprising is that development continues apace, especially given the lack of building space.
Developers, however, have resolved this problem very innovatively by literally building into the cliff sides themselves, and this often leaves visitors with the rather surreal sight of wall-to-wall development taking up every inch of these steep bays.
A few miles north of La Santa, home to the Club La Santa a time-share development resort where athletes of the highest level come for both training and relaxation, is the tiny village of Caleta de Famara.
With superb beaches and a complete lack of tourist development, this is the place to get away from it all for the day.
Of the coastline south of Puerto del Rosario, the new cosmopolitan development of El Castillo, also known as Caleta de Fuste, is of most interest.
Furthermore, this isolation led to the development of a strong independent streak for both colonists and indigenous peoples.
A greater question for the region itself: Can the development be controlled?
Cancún — in fact the whole Yucatán peninsula — is embroiled in an important struggle, one that is being faced all over the world — the battle between the conflicting demands of development and conservation.
Three shopping malls can be found here: the ultra-modern Plaza Caracol, a mix of craft and tourist shops; Mayafair, with its unmistakable façade fashioned of Chaac masks, is still in development but will eventually be a Mexican craft showcase; and Forum by the Sea, with several fast food eateries and a cine-complex showing the latest American movies.
This is one of the most recent developments in Cancún, boasting a nightclub, cinema complex, and plans for an interactive aquarium featuring dolphins and nurse sharks.
The Cancún Hotel Zone needs a vast number of support workers both for hotel service and continued development.
The two main rooms on the first floor offer simple explanations about the geology of the Yucatán peninsula and the development of coral reefs offshore.
South of the cruise port, the road (currently in the process of being upgraded) leads away from the urban development and out into the countryside.
The very southern tip of the island is a national park, protected from the development, which threatened its wild but fragile environment.
Other than a few farms, there is little development until you reach Playa Morena, with its bar and souvenir stand.
Of course with the success of Cancún, developers have looked for other opportunities in the region, and this stretch of coastline is gradually being taken for tourist development.
Luckily, not every development mimics the grand resorts of Cancún, and there is some variety here, in both style and atmosphere; there are a number of all-inclusive hotel complexes, yet there are also interesting towns and ports.
Tulum, with its magnificent Mayan ruins, forms a natural southerly point to the strip of coastal development, which has been given the name “The Maya Riviera.”
Puerto Aventuras is an interesting development, unlike any place else on the Maya Riviera.
Original stucco can still be found on the façade of the Great Temple here, and this has been augmented to show how it would have appeared at the zenith of the city’s development.
The houses they built still have an elegance and stature, though many were lost to modern development, replaced by hotels and bank buildings in the latter half of the past century.
Several hundred thousand years later, when Marco Polo reached the capital of China, he was astonished by a further development in fire technology.
The development of a new crossbow — which was a longer-range and more accurate weapon than China’s foes could deploy — ensured Han supremacy.
But literature, now serving an ever-wider audience, produced few masterworks, and philosophy saw no new developments.
Industrial development here since 1949 has transformed the city, adding vast new suburbs of oil refineries and factories.
When Germany entered the imperialist age under Kaiser Wilhelm, Qingdao was selected as a likely port for development.
After the Communists came to power in 1949, industrial development went forward.
Immediately across the river from the Bund and old Shanghai is the future — the Pudong New Development Zone.
Hankou, on the opposite bank of the Yangzi, was opened to foreign development in the 19th century as a Treaty Port; at high tide 10,000-ton ships can reach Hankou’s harbor from the sea, some 1,500 km (1,000 miles) away.
With piracy at an end, a number of towns and villages grew up along the shoreline, and the extension of the railway line to Almería in 1899 promoted the early development of the eastern region.
Credit was made available for the development of hotel complexes and apartment blocks, and former fishing villages like Torremolinos and Marbella began to change forever.
Surrounded by modern villas and urbanizaciones (developments), it looks from the outside like any other quaint village with whitewashed houses.
As a consequence, this has seen the further development, both here and along the coast, of the largest collection of luxury hotels in Spain.
Beyond Estepona, development is more sporadic, though there are some luxury resorts at Sotogrande and Puerto Duquesa.
This part of the coast has a different feel from the western section, with less intensive development and, in parts, a much rockier and attractive shoreline.
The town is smaller than the resort towns in the west, and despite the intensive development in the hills surrounding it, has also managed to retain some of its village atmosphere.
It was the development of the sherry wine and brandy business that brought the city worldwide acclaim and more prosperity.
The second, known as the Museo de Bellas Artes (Fine Arts Museum), contains a collection of works chronicling the development of the school of Granada between the 16th and 19th centuries.
These were a development from the fayum paintings that covered the face of the dead in the sarcophagi of Egyptian mummies.
This is not a recent development; the Minoans made it home, with their most famous palace only a few kilometers away from Iráklion.
This part of the northern coast was the main area of development during the 1970s and 80s, and it is not to everyone’s taste.
The development reaches a peak at Limin Hersónissos, though the inland village of Ano Hersónissos still has vestiges of its old atmosphere — and some good tavernas.
While Kritsá is a good example of the modern development of traditional Cretan lifestyle, you won’t need to travel far from the coastal resorts to find a lifestyle hardly touched by the 21st century.
Chaniá was capital of Crete from 1845 until 1971 and it remains the island’s second largest settlement, with a great deal of urban development.
Altea is one of Spain’s most memorable and tranquil towns, and a careful development policy helps to keep it that way.
Although the Costa Cálida extending southwest beyond Cartagena has opened up to property development, you can still find quieter stretches of beach.
Purists complain that the cubist effect of steep hillsides dotted with square, flat-roofed houses has been spoiled by modern development, but the beaches all around are still pleasant.
Varadero isn’t a recent development by a government desperate for hard currency (though officials are determined to see it become a faceless cash cow not unlike Cancún).
It is still in the early stages of development and, thankfully, extremely relaxed.
The gateway, created at the height of Malla development in 1753, surpasses anything of its kind in the valley.
With the development of powerful steamboats, navigation on the Mississippi became a practical, economical matter.
It still operates to control development in the area.
It provides a remarkably authentic record of the development of the city, from the reign of Henri IV at the end of the 16th century to the advent of the Revolution.
The Polonian tribe, which settled the area that today is western Poland around Poznan, provided the foundations for the development of a Polish language and nation.
Poland’s development of a market economy has produced a proliferation of stores and boutiques, including many imported from Western Europe and North America.
With its entry into the European Union (formerly the European Economic Community) in 1986, the pace of development suddenly quickened.
The neighboring coastline forms part of the Costa de Prata (Silver Coast) and has largely escaped development, though it does have resorts at Figueira da Foz and Aveiro.
Some modernization is occurring thanks to development funds from the European Union and the influence of returning migrants, but the countryside is still dominated by a traditional agricultural and peasant way of life.
By the 17th century, Évora had lost influence and development came to a halt, preserving the city’s distinctive 16th-century palácios for posterity.
The massive development on the east end of town, though, has pretty much run roughshod over the natural beauty of the area, all but eclipsing the former fishing village.
The raison d’être of all the development is a long but not especially attractive sandy beach, which stretches undisturbed for some 10 km (6 miles).
North from Sagres, along the west coast, is the one part of the Algarve that may well escape intensive development, simply because, although the beaches are pleasant and the coastline dramatic, the water is colder and the wind stronger.
Founded in 1521, it is partially surrounded by walls and fortifications that have protected it from modernization and indiscriminate development.
Most of the development and tourist infrastructure lies in a narrow strip along the coast, east of San Juan.
Another noteworthy museum on Calle Isabel is in Casa Serrallés: the Museum of Puerto Rican Music traces the complicated development of the island’s distinctive musical legacy, from Amerindian influences to the blending of Spanish colonial musical styles.
It wasn’t until over 400 years later, in the mid-1960s, that this quiet village was awakened with the development of Ixtapa.
FONATUR (Mexico’s national fund for tourism development) chose this location because of its 7.5 km (5 miles) of pristine beaches, located near a picturesque village.
Though some travelers have expressed concern that Vallarta has grown too much in recent years, the town’s geography has imposed clear boundaries, allowing development to gradually expand to the north and south of the central downtown area.
Since this development sits on a swampy area that has been filled in, the beaches in Marina Vallarta are less attractive than those in other areas of town, and are occasionally very rocky.
Long known as a place of high spiritual energy, this is now the home of a new Four Seasons Resort and Jack Nicklaus golf course, with more high-end development planned.
In a pristine setting of great natural beauty, this pre-planned FONATUR development rose to glory in the late 1960s.
The developed areas are easily divided into three sections: the original resort development at Bahía Santa Cruz, Tangolunda Bay, and the town of Crucecita, home to the area’s residents and workers.
Tangolunda Bay is where the larger hotel developments are located, along with the 18-hole Tangolunda Golf Course.
Chahúe Bay lies between Tangolunda and Santa Cruz bays, and is the next to be slated for development.
Bahía Conejos lies to the east of Tangolunda, and has residential developments already in progress.
But he never fell into the error of arresting his intellectual development by any formal acceptance of creed or system, or of mistaking, for a house in which to live, an inn that is but suitable for the sojourn of a night in which there are no stars and the moon is in travail . . 1
Further, the brain's capacity to take in and re-view sensory input led to the development of neural pathways that could access and perceive or experience the occurrence of review and cogitate on the process itself.
} relate the different systems of punishment with the systems of production within which they operate: thus, [. . .] the penitentiary…forced labour and the prison factory appear with the development of the mercantile economy.
.."Sirenia" is a land-use  subsidiary of Dell Webb Developments.
During debates over development of Leipzig's huge chemical plants, R is known to have said, "We don't want to stink up our country for all future generations."
Script notes by Quentin Quiet-noted treatment development reader for Mirromax Films
Dickens), daughter of MonaLisa, who is electrocuted and lies near death, thinking thoughts about consciousness and cognitive development, a la Piaget;
Much of the life of lesbians, gay men, bisexuals, transgender, genderqueer and intersex persons has been illegal, and this illegality has been a constituent factor in the development of new sub-cultures, economies and geographies.
The gender-smashing antics of the Cockettes in San Francisco exemplify the collectively-made, often anonymous projects that contributed to the development of the gathering as an art form--beyond the Happening lay the Be-In and drag ritual.
He suggests that there is a "protointelligence" in matter, so that new evolutionary developments do not emerge in a random fashion but creatively as relatively integrated wholes from implicate levels of reality.
Obviously they fail to understand Fannie Mae's role as a "catalyst for community development."
Because of the development's late break, of the early editions, only the LAT front has it, in the form of a reefer box.
The rated power of a country no longer rests on its steel capacity but on the quality of its science and application, through research and development, to new technology.
Now Brown boasts of his crackdown on crime, and says: "I don't talk about sustainable development.
I talk about downtown development."
Today's Examiner carries a front-page investigative piece that's the latest installment in their ongoing coverage of an FBI probe into city contracting abuses, involving real estate development.
Anyway, today's Examiner piece reveals that the FBI has now expanded to investigate various potential developments on the San Francisco waterfront.
What's so hysterical about this piece of gritty city reporting, the kind of thing that makes true-blue newspaper types bluster with civic pride, is that on the very same day, the Wall Street Journal carries a puff piece about the development of the self-same waterfront: "In San Francisco, Great Views and a Ferry."
In the Examiner story, port director Doug Wong appears scheduling a hearing about one of Charlie Walker's crony's development projects, which is apparently now under investigation.
Jewish community center shootings, a development that off-leads at the New York Times and USA Today and is fronted, (below the fold) at the Washington Post . The NYT leads instead with Kansas' decision to stop requiring the teaching of evolution as part of the state's science curriculum.
The report, which was leaked to the NYT , says that the United Nations, the United States Agency for International Development, and the Dayton-created civilian bureau have each lost tens of millions of dollars.
Residents along the corridor worry that the highway would open up huge areas of land for new development.
In fact, I just got back from a book tour with two other technology writers, one of whom held your exact sentiments about the current development of the Web.
USAT leads with further developments in the Russian money laundering investigation.
Los Alamos, the lab in which the first atomic bomb was developed in 1945, is still the main U.S. center for nuclear weapon research and development.
The New York Times leads with the FBI's announcement last night that its director, Louis Freeh, supports an outside investigation into the FBI's failure to disclose the use of incendiary devices at Waco, a development nobody else fronts.
On the development, Apple stock rose to a six-year high.
The top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times is a major development in the Waco controversy: the discovery by the DOJ that all this time, the FBI has harbored audiotapes suggesting that pyrotechnic gas grenades were indeed fired at a bunker within the Branch Davidian compound.
Prior to the explosion, Russia had, says the NYT , all but declared victory against Islamic rebels there, but this development appears to mean Dagestan will continue to be a political and military problem for the Yeltsin government.
Just about the only relief from all this breathlessness comes from the WP , which quotes an academic as saying, "It seems to me that this is, by any definition, an undemocratic development.
It sounds as if you and I agree completely on that: The answer is education and what I call "development."
USA Today 's headline notes U.S. support for the development but also the absence of American ground troops.
In a related development, it's now OK if Miss Congeniality used to be a pain in the ass.
He notes that, in local real estate terms, Celebration was not the anti-sprawl incentive that the New Urbanists imagined but rather a beachhead for an expansion of suburban tract development.
But almost no new private residential developments, including New Urbanism, have succeeded at mixing incomes to any considerable degree (the exception are Hope VI projects, which do achieve income mixing, although they are still too new to draw categorical conclusions from).
Or is it just another bad development in restaurant life, like those horrible little designs made of chocolate syrup on the dessert plate?
At the same time as all this, the Fernandina city and Nassau County governments have been enthralled by a new development that has been zoned and permitted and is now rising to Fernandina's east.
The development is a neotraditionalist, new urbanist "community" that promises to re-create the traditional American town, a town not unlike Fernandina.
After World War II, America poured millions of dollars into Puerto Rican development, transforming it from one of the Caribbean's poorest territories to one of the wealthiest.
USA Today leads with the arrival in East Timor of 2,000 peacekeeping troops, which is also the top non-local story at the Los Angeles Times . The Washington Post off-leads this development, but goes instead with continuing post-Floyd power outages up and down the East Coast.
At the WP , the development is tucked with little ado midway into an inside story about the reorganization of the Department of Energy.
The development, the paper explains, could be a boon to young women with cancer who want to have children after treatment is concluded.
Never mind everything else he's tolerated in this city when he considers it an economic development tool.
This gives network executives three choices: 1) They can keep coming up with new shows but risk losing the audiences from the last ones; 2) They can find a way to retard characters' development; or 3) They can figure out how to let characters grow without abandoning of original concept for the show.
At the time, to replace non-academic criteria of any kind with academic criteria--and the SAT is an academic criterion: Doing well on it means that one will do well at the things one does in college--seemed a gain for justice and equality, and there was no one ready to attack this development.
Similarly the software business has huge "desirability premia"--Microsoft Office costs far more than competitors that presumably had similar development costs.
In addition to his other offenses, Edmund Morris is apparently the one we can blame for this alarming development.
Sex isn't the issue, I think; the consumer culture has trivialized adult experiences of responsibility, flattened out intimacy so that it appears a zone in which people, women as well as men, are pulled between self development and obligation to others: Ozzie and Harriet vs.
The New York Times , Los Angeles Times , and Washington Post each lead with the latest development in the White House's attempt to stave off a Senate defeat of the comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty--President Clinton's submission of a letter to Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott asking him to postpone his planned floor vote on the treaty.
But adult development, as Gilligan, Kegan, and many others have noted, does not stop there with the achievement of an autonomous identity.
On top of that, there's very real and touching character development.
As more and more databases become available, we're likely to see ever more important discoveries that force us to rethink what we believed about the history and development of our language.
Bennett concedes in the new book that since the appearance of his first Index in 1994, "there have been many significant positive developments," and he cites them.
Meanwhile, Schering-Plough argued that it needs its Claritin profits to pay for groundbreaking, lifesaving drug research and development.
Still, I figured that you, as president and founder of the Cell Phone Haters Club, would want to be aware of this development so you can disseminate it (how?
A Clinton administration policy, still in development, would allow new parents on family leave to receive unemployment money, the NYT reports.
But the book as a whole is a calm, well-researched, carefully reasoned, gracefully written development of an argument that I finally disagree with but that cannot at all be laughed off.
The current lawsuit would have Microsoft ignore the most important recent development in computing--the Internet--by shipping a version of Windows that omits the critical Internet capabilities.
"The decline in Medicare spending is a phenomenal development," said a former director of the Congressional Budget Office, which, the NYT reports, had predicted that the government would spend $19 billion more on Medicare last year than it actually did.
Everybody here is soiling themselves over this development.
The Los Angeles Times puts that story on Page 3 of its business section and goes instead with the announcement of a sweeping free-trade agreement between Mexico and the European Union that would (if given final approval by the participating governments) eliminate most trade barriers between the two by 2007, a development that, the paper observes, should help Mexico expand its already booming exports and reduce its economic dependence on the U.S.
Of course, most of these PCs crashed all the time, but it's still a significant development.
For developing countries, the one meaningful road to economic development, which is to say the only way they can narrow the gap between themselves and the United States, Europe, and Japan, is via free trade.
Each story she tells is a cautionary tale with the exact same moral: You have to pass through the stages of adult development or wither and die.
That's the strangest thing about Sheehy's model of development: The self comes off as organic, context-less, and amoral, judged only in reference to the imperative to grow.
The Washington Post , New York Times , and Los Angeles Times fronts feature a picture of President Clinton at his press conference yesterday, where he announced the development.
Yes, they'd always been profit-oriented, but now they were run by publicly held corporations instead of whimsical moguls, and development offices had only recently become umbilically attached to marketing departments.
The Post says that the diplomatic development has provoked "shouting matches, shock and hope among Israelis, as well as a 7 percent rise in the Tel Aviv stock market."
Eugene Vidal, the undersecretary of commerce (and father of Gore Vidal), had said that with the development of helicopters, about 710,000 families (out of 32 million in the United States) would have private airplanes, the reason being that these were the ones with incomes of more than $10,000 a year.
Meanwhile, here are some of the questions from the WSJ online edition's candidate questionnaire that Bill Bradley "declined to answer": "What single figure has had the greatest influence on the development of your own political thinking?"
If you believe that, you probably believe it was also just a coincidence that Housing and Urban Development Secretary Andrew Cuomo's press release promoting a fairly dry national study of the homeless happened to mention an advocacy group's estimate that "in New York City in 1998 it cost $40,000 per year to jail someone, compared with just $12,500 to provide affordable housing and a variety of supportive services."
USA Today off-leads anti-terrorism and goes instead with yesterday's tech-led stock surge--apparently off the Fed's decision not to raise interest rates for now, a development the Wall Street Journal puts at the top of its front-page business and finance news box.
Both the NYT and WP front Housing and Urban Development Secretary Andrew Cuomo's announcement yesterday that his agency will take direct control of the $60 million earmarked for services for the homeless in New York City, because the Giuliani administration cannot be trusted to distribute them fairly.
The story also reports that on Wednesday a federal grand jury indicted the Algerian arrested in Washington state for trying to smuggle bombmaking components into the country, a development that is fronted at the WP and reefered at the NYT . Neither the Post nor USAT front the racial profiling story.
The Los Angeles Times leads with late developments in the Indian Airlines hostage crisis in Afghanistan.
Bloomberg, for instance, blithely attributed the run-up to "increased enthusiasm for genetic information companies and for incorporating genomic research into drug development."
Bailey directed Chatterbox's attention to a chart that seemed to support this in a World Bank report called Entering the 21 st Century (see figure 8 in the introduction, "New Directions in Development Thinking").
One happy development the new millennium is apparently about to bring is the formal death of the black Muslim belief that whites are "blue-eyed devils" who were specially bred in the laboratory of an evil black scientist with the suspiciously Jewish-sounding name Yacub.
There's almost no attention paid to radio, where hundreds of of excellent American journalists work, and only at the end does Rosen acknowledge the development of the Internet as a news medium.
The NYT handles this information a little differently in its (inside) story on the development, which it runs under the headline, "Man Behind Doomed Health Plan Wants Minimal Regulation of Net."
The piece calls this development "stealth health" care.
Mars is still the biggest story, but shares the spotlight today with some international developments.
The saga of the NASA mission leads the Washington Post and is the USA TODAY cover story, but moves over to top center front in the New York Times, which leads instead with developments in Cambodia, the story which also tops the Wall Street Journal's front non-financial news column.
All the stories agree the development means an expanded role at Apple for co-founder Steve Jobs, who recently rejoined its management team after being forced out in 1985.
The biggest news today is a startling development: British commandos, with U.S. logistic support and full NATO and Hague backing, moved in on two Bosnian Serb officials accused of war crimes, killing one in a firefight and capturing the other.
Both USAT and the LAT give front-page play to another medical story: the development of a nasal flu vaccine.
The piece says U.S. currency is up against most European currencies and down against the yen, and that both developments are good news for the U.S: "For the Clinton administration, led by Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, a slumping mark is much less worrisome than a slumping yen would have been, several economists said Monday."
Also receiving much front-page play today: the continuing developments at the Senate campaign funding hearings.
In fact, "The city's Department of Housing and Community Development spends $1 million a year above the market rate to rent its office.
The post-bombing developments in the Middle East provide the day's most important stories.
The NYT runs a front-page piece that may signal the beginning of a major environmental development.
The New York Times leads with the development that Maine, Massachusetts, New York and several other "downwind" states are pressuring the EPA to crack down on Midwest utilities to reduce current high levels of wind-borne smog.
And, notes the Post , this is a bipartisan development.
The development drew the ire of Rep.
The WP , NYT , and LAT pieces on the cosmo-conference are so focused on the chaotic and deteriorating Russian space program that they all miss an important point: namely, that this latest development shows that their space program is more open than ours.
What's driving all this are two Sunday developments.
(The strike development does not make the Washington Post first-edition front, nor oddly, that of the paper with the most time to handle the late-breaking story, the Los Angeles Times .) The WP leads with the widening probe into the NYC police brutality case, which, the paper reports, produced the arrests of two more cops yesterday and which will now include a federal civil rights investigation.
And why, even though the Ruby Ridge development involves the highly unusual event of homicide charges being brought against an FBI agent, is that story left inside the WP ? (It's on the front at USAT , the NYT , and the LAT .) And the headlines over that story tend to befog rather than clarify.
And the Los Angeles Times leads with developments in Bosnia.
The LAT , NYT and Washington Post also give prominent front-page space to these developments.
The Gore phone call controversy was first broken last winter by the WP , but yesterday in their stories on this latest development, neither the LAT nor USA Today (which placed it prominently: front page, column six, above the fold) could bring themselves to acknowledge this.
But within hours of that alarmist item--which also suggested that Housing and Urban Development secretary Andrew Cuomo was gunning for Giuliani--Cuomo had dramatically seized control of $60 million in federal homeless money earmarked for New York, taking it away from the mayor.
USAT fronts and the NYT reefers the development of a new test for pre-cancerous conditions in the cervix.
Lama, which translates as "superior one," is a title officially extended only to the few dozen Tibetan Buddhist monks who have achieved the highest level of spiritual development.
Another significant development the two papers note: The rightist candidate went to the winner's headquarters to personally congratulate him.
[David] McClelland [author of The Achieving Society ] said that the "famous self-confidence" of businessmen--really, their refusal to face discouraging facts--was an important tool for economic development.
Today's development is that the country's spy agency will help ensure compliance.
Clinton proposed new tax credits for college tuition payments (up to $10,000 per family), a $1 minimum-wage increase, a plan for Medicare to cover prescription drugs, $1 billion in tax incentives to help spur the development of vaccines for poor nations, photo licenses and safety tests for gun owners, and more than $3 billion in education spending, including $1 billion for Head Start.
Goodbye welfare reform, hello Urban Development Action Grants!
It would "inflame the nationalistic, anti-Western and militaristic tendencies in Russian opinion"; harm "the development of Russian democracy"; "restore the atmosphere of the cold war"; and "impel Russian foreign policy in directions decidedly not to our liking."
The most unsettling development has been the civil war in Rwanda , Zaire's eastern neighbor.
Recognizing that the Internet effectively wipes out national borders, and fearing that the development of new technologies may be impeded by inconsistent tax policies, the federal government has been studying the issue of international tariffs on Internet transactions.
Agency for International Development from international lending-agency data) may be misleading in evaluating economic success.
Sonograms allow doctors to estimate the fetus's weight, which correlates with the lungs' development, and to look for signs--such as the development of functioning eyelids and creases in the skin--that coincide with the onset of a functioning respiratory system.
Sonograms allow doctors to estimate the fetus's weight, which correlates with the lungs' development, and to look for signs--such as the development of functioning eyelids and creases in the skin--that coincide with the onset of a functioning respiratory system.
Recent developments have escalated the doomsaying.
1 Scientific Advances: Forensic pathology, the use of science to solve crime, has improved dramatically, particularly with the development of new DNA tests.
NASA neglected development of the cheap, disposable, reliable rockets that other countries pursued.
A related article concludes that the United States must spend more money on early-childhood development to ensure that babies are sufficiently stimulated.
A story about the development of HDTV contends that, contrary to laissez-faire dogma, government regulation can help private industry make better products.
The impassioned cover story warns that America's national parks are being ruined by overcrowding, underfunding, invasion by exotic plant and animal species, and commercial development.
Lots more federal funding for the National Park Service and stricter regulations for development on park perimeters.
An article says the two camps can learn from each other: Indies offer character development and plot, while big-budget movies create "a coveted gloss and Zeitgeist energy that cannot be matched in the world of the shoestring budget."
Also, wary praise for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's new welfare-reform plan.
The afflicted children--about 20 percent of the 18,000 adopted--are incapable of forming emotional bonds with their new parents, probably because the absence of attention and affection in infancy stunted brain development.
An article traces a promising development in the search for an AIDS cure.
An interesting article goes behind the scenes in the development of a new sitcom.
Most critics say the movie, about a Japanese woman's peculiar fetish, has lots of gorgeous naked bodies but little plot or character development.
Two developments in the Paula Jones case: 1) Her attorneys withdrew.
Political consultants have given the edge in this race to the candidate who best addresses concerns about education, economic development, and the security of those who depend on San Antonio's military bases.
One scam, reported in the Chronicle of Higher Education last month, involves a man posing as a director of the Saudi-based Islamic Development Bank or as a professor at a Saudi university.
In contrast, Afghanistan's Sunni Muslim Taliban is still in a revolutionary phase of development.
Lost in the Shuffle: Thanks to the week's busy news cycle, the pundits gave the new developments in the Asian financial crises a wide berth--not much of a loss, seeing as most of them are completely at sea about it anyway.
Having only one new sexcapade development to chew on--the New York Times story about first secretary Betty Currie's testimony to the grand jury--the commentariat turns its searchlight away from Silent Bill Clinton and onto Kenneth Starr.
Gingrich's attacks, which came off as terribly partisan, mitigate damage to the president's popularity caused by some of this week's more embarrassing developments.
The biggest development of the week, according to George Stephanopoulos (ABC's This Week ) and Kate O'Beirne (CNN's Capital Gang ), is Monica's revamped legal team.
The only new development is the revelation that Tripp will testify next week.
Clinton--has two new developments: Linda Tripp testified, and a district judge threw out the case against Webster Hubbell.
A prediction by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris that financial turbulence in Asia may cut nearly 1 percent off the output of industrial countries around the world next year made headlines in many European newspapers, which were happy to note, however, that U.S. growth should slow down from 3.8 percent to 2.7 percent, while Europe's should creep up from 2.6 percent to 2.8 percent.
"The American Government is, by contrast, thought to be very disappointed by the development."
Although Northern Ireland's Protestant Belfast Telegraph declared in an editorial that the creation of cross-border, north-south bodies was "asking too much" of the Ulster Unionists, the Republican Irish News in Belfast urged the Unionists to accept them as "a logical development."
"First, by giving the rightful place in their policies to development aid for Africa; and second, by ceasing to offer blacks in their own countries no choice at all apart from assimilation or exclusion."
It proposed stopping negotiations for a bailout package with the Islamic Development Bank--with which "it is not Islamic fraternal feeling, as some of us would like naively to believe, but pure profit motive which seems to have weighed."
' In light of U.S. history, such punishment is virtually a return to the lynching that was practised during the frontier development period."
Salvation--hers and that of the destitute she rescued from the gutters--was her aim, not economic or social development as many others understand it, she said."
Gingrich on national educational testing, the Washington Post with a startling development in the Paula Jones lawsuit, and the Los Angeles Times leads with a local political story.
Both the NYT and LAT run front-page pieces reporting that on Monday, the Clinton administration decided to allow Conoco to conduct oil drilling on a federal property in Utah where last year, during the election, Clinton established a national monument to protect the wilderness from development.
The Post quotes an obesity expert expressing the worry that these developments will hinder the general development and marketing of weight control drugs.
The Post quotes an obesity expert expressing the worry that these developments will hinder the general development and marketing of weight control drugs.
Only the Los Angeles Times makes the observation that puts this development in the proper context: Clinton has already been under the scrutiny of a special prosecutor for three years.
This development, the papers observe, could be a boon not just to IBM's computer line, but also to its chip manufacturing division, which has already grown quite a bit in recent years.
The development, coming on the heels of February's similarly-sized merger of Morgan Stanley and Dean Witter, is widely viewed as signaling the onset of even further combinations of banks, brokerages and insurance companies.
Another possible development, says USAT , is that Clinton might propose a major overhaul of the tax system.
Both papers say the development inspired yesterday's 119-point drop in the Dow.
Although the egg in this case came from another woman, this development sets up the possibility that young women will be able to freeze their own eggs (which are less biologically problematic) and then much later, when the women are ready to have children, have them fertilized.
A front-page LAT piece details a little noticed post-Cold War military development: a submarine arms race among Third World countries.
Meanwhile, the NYT says the Hong Kong developments "could lead to a broad regional economic slowdown that would dampen the sales and earnings not just of local companies, but of major corporations from the United States to Europe that operate there."
The development is widely reported as good news for Clinton and great news for Gore, who now has renewed hopes of heading into campaign 2000 sans scandal.
The WP also has a front-page piece concerning these developments.
The Wall Street Journal 's lead feature notes that the latest global economic developments challenge the widely-held view that an emphasis on short-term performance weakens an economy.
The Los Angeles Times leads with the latest development in the mini-scandal concerning the interment at Arlington of the late Clinton political donor and ambassador M. Larry Lawrence: the decision of his widow to have her husband's body removed from there.
The decision not only applies to current versions of the software programs but could also hinder the development and marketing of new versions set to roll out early next year.
The NYT front page also covers this development, in a piece that points out that many economists think the Japanese government has prolonged the Japanese downturn and that of the region by dithering.
Both the NYT and WP run stories on a development sure to be cited in this country by libertarians chafing against proposed Internet regulation: China's imposition today of stiff fines and prison sentences for distribution or consumption via the Net of "harmful information," defined as that which "defames government agencies," "impedes public order," or "damages state interests."
The Post totes up the political causes, but says the development arose "mostly because of six years of relentless economic growth."
The LAT lead says these latest Unabomber trial developments have left Kacszynski's mother and brother "reeling."
The "Templeton Honor Roll for Character Building Colleges" rewards more than 100 schools that "promote character development."
He has hocked heirlooms to pay taxes, rented his mansion out for conferences and banquets, proposed turning 500 wooded acres of his estate into a housing development, and leased the grounds for concerts.
Another conducts research, keeping him abreast of the latest developments in hip-hop and digging up quotes for New Yorker pieces.
Few have placed these developments in context.
Most studio heads rely on vice presidents and vast development offices: The Weinsteins read scripts and buy films themselves.
Billions more were spent collectively by some 28 other federal agencies such as the Small Business Administration and the departments of Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, Agriculture, and the Interior.
No doubt to the annoyance and disbelief of day-care opponents, such as the Rockford Institute and the Center on the Family in America, a study newly released by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development found that day care does not hinder a child's intellectual development.
No doubt to the annoyance and disbelief of day-care opponents, such as the Rockford Institute and the Center on the Family in America, a study newly released by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development found that day care does not hinder a child's intellectual development.
A flurry of recent research, recently reported in a Time magazine cover story, points to the importance of early stimulation in the later development of a baby's brain.
David Butler of the Manpower Development Research Corp., which has been the prime evaluator of welfare-to-work programs, points out that planners have routinely overestimated the amount of formal child care needed for such projects.
While 70 percent of Americans consistently tell pollsters they oppose extending oil and gas drilling and other development in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, 70 percent of Alaskans favor it.
The Gwich'in, "the people of the caribou," oppose development of the Arctic coastal plain, to which the caribou migrate to breed.
The Inupiat Inuit, who hunt whale, seal, and fish, favor development on the coastal plain--but not offshore continental shelf drilling.
But macroeconomics --the study of economy-wide events like inflation and deflation, booms and slumps--was in a state of arrested development that left it utterly incapable of making sense of the Great Depression.
And so when I picked up a copy of Bionomics , the first thing I did was check out the author's treatment of my heroes and of what I knew to have been the important . His record was perfect: Not one of the right people was mentioned, not one of the key developments discussed.
And manufactured exports, initially based on low wages, are the only route we know for rapid economic development.
I think that a major part of the explanation lies in the development of economic theory over the past couple of decades and a somewhat dysfunctional response of the profession to those developments.
I think that a major part of the explanation lies in the development of economic theory over the past couple of decades and a somewhat dysfunctional response of the profession to those developments.
This restraint may partly reflect Microsoft's market strategy--after all, Microsoft beat Apple partly because Apple did practice vertical foreclosure, and as a result inhibited the development of complementary software (although the main problem was Apple's persistent belief, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that everyone would be willing to pay a premium price for a niftier machine).
Breast milk, researchers are finding, is a kind of "external placenta," loaded with hormones masterfully engineered to assist development.
So each time the Sierra Club impedes economic development to preserve some specimen of natural beauty, it is asking people who live like you and me (the relatively poor) to sacrifice for the enjoyment of future generations that will live like Bill Gates.
But it's worth mentioning a separate reason to be skeptical of the conservationist agenda: For all we know, those descendants might prefer inheriting the proceeds of economic development to inheriting the redwoods.)
Big business has wagered hundreds of billions of dollars on the development of high-tech, low-cost media technology--broadband services, satellites, encryption technology, miniaturized computers and communications devices, you name it--that is largely impervious to the Bennetts and Gores of this world.
A 1994 survey by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, an international association of market economies, found "remarkably meager support for the hypothesis that such programs are effective."
The reason is that it diverts attention from something called "enterprise," by which Keynes means the development of real operating businesses.
Rather than invest their surplus in research and development or compete to see who could build the biggest house, the Northwest Indians instituted the "potlatch," a tradition of achieving status by giving away one's wealth.
The Week/The Spin takes a dozen or so topics, from this week's election-campaign developments to the latest big book from Knopf, and analyses, as objectively [LINK TO TEXT CCC]as possible, the spin they're getting, the sub-angles that are emerging, and so on.
This was not planned; it's one of those serendipitous developments I mentioned.
Egghead is a reasonably lighthearted look at recent developments in scholarship and academia.
At that point, we will control the industry and be able to extract the rich monopoly profits waiting to be had from poetry, book reviews, essays pleading for entitlement reform, explanations of developments in foreign countries, and similar product lines.
One goal of Slate is to help you to stay efficiently abreast of developments you aren't wildly interested in.
In that spirit, we introduce a new feature this week called "Keeping Tabs," which will track developments in the world of the tabloids.
Our crack development team (that is, our development team that is crack, not our team developing crack) is hard at work on Slate Search 3.0.
Our crack development team (that is, our development team that is crack, not our team developing crack) is hard at work on Slate Search 3.0.
the sudden improvement in scansion and rhyme in American poetry: These welcome developments can have only two possible explanations.
Here is an important new development in the Washington press corps' perceptions game.
We can come pretty close to neutral reporting and analysis of news developments in features like "Today's Papers" and "The Week/The Spin."
And for an elegant summary and analysis of the latest developments, go to "The Week/The Spin."
If you've missed the news at all, "Today's Papers" will catch you up on daily developments from the past week.
But it just might be that recent developments in Washington have had something to do with it, too.
And, of course, any important development in the news (war, for example, or a new semen stain) may well drag us in off the shuffleboard court.
This surprising development is partly a matter of pandering to anti-government paranoids in the gun lobby and militia movement; partly anti-Clinton opportunism; partly explained, at least in the CDA case, by the interests of business; but partly, perhaps, principled.
The basic problem, as I've argued before, is Clinton's lack of respect for civil liberties, exacerbated in this instance by a lack of understanding beyond the vice president's office of what is at stake in the development of the Internet.
Fifty-five thousand dollars goes to Ballet Hispanico of New York, "to support the development of a model study unit, utilizing concerts, study guides, teacher training and residences, to celebrate the cultural contributions made by Hispanics to the United States."
It is rent control that has preserved the aesthetic as well as the social fabric of the kind of variegated, low-rise neighborhoods Jane Jacobs celebrated in The Death and Life of Great American Cities , which in many other places were knocked down to make way for high-rise development.
It was getting absurd for reporters to analyze developments at City Hall without referring to a romantic attachment they believed to be a key force in events.
The mayor's race this year was fought in part over alternative approaches to preventing further development and congestion.
In the 1992 campaign Clinton proposed not only higher rates on the rich and a new business tax to support worker training, but also augmented research and development credits, a long-term capital-gains exclusion, and various other bounties intended to support education and the environment.
The Miller imbroglio and the assault on Bin Laden would appear to have nothing in common, but they both illustrate a peculiar development in American foreign policy: James Bondification.
If that happened so quickly on Earth, why not on Mars, whose early stages of development were quite similar to Earth's?
But only in small respects have developments in technology and the global economy narrowed choices over policy.
But Bob Dole's harsh attacks on Bill Clinton for allegedly condoning this development failed to excite American voters.
The other was an obscure psychology text even Borders wouldn't carry, chosen from the catalog of the State University of New York Press, called The Ego and the Dynamic Ground: A Transpersonal Theory of Human Development (second edition), by Michael Washburn.
The egg cell was biochemically pre-programmed to commence development, and that, apparently, was enough to jerk the mammary-cell DNA out of its quiescent state.
Dolly and her fibroblast-derived cousins have changed forever the way we think about animal development.
Understanding differentiation is the key to understanding development, and Dolly embodies the extraordinary possibility of manipulating the process--of doing experiments to identify the basic construction rules used in putting animals together.
The Java language is very important for the development of feature-rich Web publishing.
Similar considerations apply to regional development and learning.
5. $15 million to STEWARD SCHOOL (Henrico County, Va.) "Christmas in September," said Jennifer Sgro, who works in the school's development office.
for development of a school of business and community science.
She was applying for a development position with the Windows 99 team.
The personal development tradition greatly values the presumed authority of experience, and codependency experts--leaders such as John Bradshaw--routinely confessed their own struggles with various addictions in order to bolster their credibility.
After 1995, the United States tried to hedge its bets, providing $26 million of United States Agency for International Development money to Indonesian nongovernmental organizations involved in grass-roots organizing.
In short, for three decades the international community never bothered to question whether Suharto's system was capable of sustaining social and political development in the long run.
"What we know from child-care research," as a press release from Child Trends Inc. puts the standard position, is that "the quality of child care matters for children's development, and it matters the most for low-income children."
The interesting twist here is that, as far as the science is concerned, conservatives are right, and liberals lag a wishful step behind when they cite sure proof that early day care decisively influences a child's development.
Longitudinal studies sought to measure children's "development"--their language skills, school achievement, cognitive gains, social and emotional adjustment, etc.--given different kinds and quality of care in their early years.
In retrospect, it's clear that earlier studies made too much of small effects on development that were derived from very small samples.
Science--in particular, psychology, Spock's own specialty--held out a promise of newly fine-tuned control over their development.
(This inaugurates a new monthly column about developments on the Internet.
Netscape has a similar product in development called "Constellation."
Even this distinction, though, is changing with the development of off-line readers: software that automatically goes to the Web to retrieve material, and stores it on your own computer.
Much of Southern industrialization took place outside metropolitan areas, encouraging development of a company-town mentality and hindering industry-wide organizing.
But a series of antitrust decisions after World War II ended these practices and forced the studios to divest themselves of their theater holdings, while also encouraging the development of independent production companies.
None of these, on their own, were necessarily bad developments.
And foreign investment is often crucial to a company's development.
At a time when Las Vegas has become America's model of economic development, the Navajo vote may seem a grand self-defeating gesture.
The development of horizontal drilling, where drill bits actually go sideways from a vertical hole in order to extract more oil, has also helped make the exploitation of smaller and less accessible fields cost-effective.
It wants to keep prices high enough to ensure profits but low enough to deter the development of new fields.
As a result of the Star Wars deal, Galoob devoted more and more of its resources to that line, shifting money out of internal development, staking the company, in a sense, on this product whose existence depended utterly on staying in the good graces of Lucasfilm.
The market-friendly interpretation of Asia's success was intended to counter the thesis--offered by the Japanese, by U.S. protectionists, and by certain neo-institutionalist economists--that trade barriers, subsidized credit, and strong state support for export-driven industries had been essential to the development of Asian economies.
Up till now, everyone--right and left--has been anxious to claim the Asian example for their own for one reason: Since World War II, the Asian tigers are the only examples of successful, sustained development over many decades.
If you're buying a company knowing that somewhere down the line you'll want to sell it, the argument goes, you'll shortchange research and development, cut back on long-term investment and sell off slow-performing parts of the business in an effort to make the company look better in the present.
But actually this is a relatively recent development in American business, and while the financial success of Michael Dell is a fine expression of the American dream, the lessons the business world has drawn from that success are less salutary.
The traditional story of industrial capitalism's development in the United States is that it had its roots in family-owned enterprises, but that it quickly evolved into a system where the people who owned companies delegated the responsibility for running them to managers.
It invests heavily in research and development.
Pro-Microsoft programmers dramatized this point by staging a press conference at Nader's forum, crediting their livelihoods and the nation's "small business development" to the Microsoft platform.
The top nonlocal story at the Washington Post is the latest development in the Indonesian economic crisis--a rare and boosterish Suharto press conference in contrast to a further plunging stock market and food riots in outlying towns.
Another development that engrosses the dailies is the news that Lewinsky's lawyer has given Kenneth Starr a formal statement about the testimony she could give in the matter in return for immunity.
The most newsy development in what "Today's Papers" had decided to call the Whitefluid scandal is that yesterday, as reported in the WP , Monica Lewinsky's lawyer revealed on one of his five (!) chat show appearances that it's possible his client, who owns a share of a Australian condo, was tape-recorded offering it to Linda Tripp in return for Tripp denying knowing about Lewinsky's claim that she had a sexual relationship with President Clinton.
The NYT has today's new Whitefluid development: Monica L. visited the White House, not ten times as has been variously reported, but "about three dozen times" after leaving her White House job.
Kenneth Starr's latest moves lead at USA Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times . They are also the subject of a somewhat historic story at the Wall Street Journal . The Los Angeles Times leads with the latest developments in the Iraq situation.
The most elaborate example, run by baseball's Texas Rangers, even includes role-playing bimbos, and is euphemistically called the "Career Development Program."
USA Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times all lead with the latest developments in the White House sex scandal.
The Los Angeles Times goes another way, leading with the latest developments in the White House money scandal (remember?)
The Times takes note of the latest developments in professional wrestling: more sexual content, coarser language, and no more Good Guys.
And the LAT lead editorial sees the development as a "bittersweet victory for the president."
The dramatic extent of the development is pointed out by the NYT 's observation that Boeing alone has produced nearly 10,000 airliners currently in service, and that the recommendation applies to the planes of at least one other company, Airbus, as well.
The piece is a thorough and fascinating history of the two companies' development of their Chinese markets in recent years.
President Clinton is quoted saying the development was "great news," but House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt is quoted saying, "This was a retreat not a conversion.
Today, a new development in the arena gets covered by the Post , but is relegated to the business section.
In an inside piece, the NYT details this development and a concomitant rise in the hope market as well.
The Los Angeles Times puts this development just above the fold, but leads with the California Supreme Court's ruling upholding the admissibility of DNA evidence, provided prosecutors show that correct procedures were used.
Everybody reports another computer development, which the NYT business section calls "a glimpse of the future the government is seeking" in its case against Microsoft: namely, the Gateway computer company negotiated permission from MS to make Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer equally convenient choices from Gateway start-up screens.
And a front-page WP piece says this development shows that with the economy on the rise, the electorate's distaste for professional politicians is on the wane
But "Van Gogh's Van Goghs" is an old-fashioned show that surveys the artist's chronological development as a painter, grouping the pictures according to where and when in van Gogh's nomadic life they were painted.
But there's another way to think of Léger's development.
The marriage, kept secret from Bonnard's family, was the result of a traumatic development in Bonnard's life.
The South is also a cautionary blueprint for the nation when it comes to economic development.
The ideological impetus behind judicial developments in the last two areas, campaign finance and equal-time provisions, is related less to speech, except as a kind of constitutional cover, than to a revival of the old "right to property"--that is, the Supreme Court tends to disapprove of legislative and administrative efforts to require broadcasters to carry "opposing viewpoints" on the grounds that since it's their property, owners of television stations should be able to broadcast what they like.
Agency for International Development worker, and a freelance journalist in Africa--has seen Western aid programs up close.
In almost every frustrated development professional, good intentions mutate into unbounded, quasiracial contempt.
Some of those who "do development" tend to blur the distinction between assisting the African poor and dominating them.
Better, perhaps, to sort things out thoroughly in the short run, and to prevent even greater devastation for all concerned down the road--even if that means suffering a few casualties, or opening ourselves up to the charge of imperialism.NomadNet, a page on "Somalia, Peacekeeping, Relief & Economic Development Issues" run by Michael Maren, has been shut down, but its archives are still open.
(The Development and Foreign Aid section includes a piece by Maren titled "The Food-Aid Racket".)
The Virtual Library on International Development is another source for material on these issues.
Agency for International Development's home page, CARE's site, or ReliefNet, "a non-profit organization dedicated to helping humanitarian organizations raise global awareness and encourage support for relief efforts via the Internet."
The International Centre for Humanitarian Reporting notes that the media often only report on the "crisis of the moment," and aims to "encourage better reporting of humanitarian, development and related issues."
Critics and biographers have too often collaborated in this legend, separating their accounts of Yeats into green "developments" and golden "phases."
There's even a counsel, holed up somewhere in Washington, who is still on the verge of cracking the Department of Housing and Urban Development scandal, which dates from two administrations and more than 10 years ago.
Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev, fearing the loss of his model for a new path of socialist development, got mischievous.
Lacking a sizable middle class of farmers and shopkeepers (who would arrive only after World War I), and undergoing intense and rapid capitalist development, large portions of Colorado, Nevada, and Idaho became sharply polarized along class lines--"labor in one camp, the employers in another, no in-between camp, with government a football between the two," according to the final volume of John R. Commons and associates' venerable History of Labor in the United States .
Department of Housing and Urban Development, by 1970, suburbs were the principal sources of employment in the 15 largest metro areas.
We've been reminded in recent years--by people as disparate as Frank Sulloway and Robert Bly--that siblings can be just as crucial as parents in determining a person's development, and the brilliant, loyal, competitive Austen clan is a perfect example.
It covers developments from 15 th century explorations of the New World to the mid-1990s, but you can open the book almost anywhere and have a good read.
For consumers, the key development of the 1920s and '30s was the mass-produced image, which led to the culture of celebrity and unified standards of feminine beauty.
Nash's breakthrough in game theory got him recruited by the Rand Corp., which was then a secretive military think tank in Santa Monica (its name is an acronym for "research and development").
And in the battle of block chords toward the end of the development section, the piano comes off as strident rather than imperial as it attempts to rival the orchestra.
In fact, developments in bra construction and embellishment speeded up when not wearing them became a natural right instead of a questionable perversion and wearing them became a sensual experience instead of a social duty.
Excluding beauty is a ridiculous development for the Miss America contest.
I mainly notice that things have come a long way since I was 8. Classic figure skating is now complicated by the development of sensational ice dancing in several categories.
The widespread use of the so-called invariant "be" to indicate continuous or habitual action ("he be late"), for instance, is not a historical legacy but a development of the last 50 years.
One factor is the psychologizing of everyday life, a development that scarcely needs documentation.
(One Texas newspaper not long ago called Henry Cisneros, the former secretary of Housing and Urban Development now under indictment, "the most skilled politician of our times."
What will be the impact of a vernacular Bible on the future development of the Ixil language?
For The Object of My Affection , she has invented an entirely new cast of supporting characters, but they add little that anyone other than a development executive could think this story needs.
When Henry Cisneros, the secretary of Housing and Urban Development, came to my magazine the other day for an editorial lunch, I was able to prep up quickly at his Web site.
But in the big picture, the Gapping of American furniture has actually been one of the most welcome developments in recent years.
The dawdling precision of development gives way to velocity and chaos.
Prudie believes the Tiffany Manners people would be pleased to update their book to keep up with developments ...
How did experienced radio and TV people of both genders turn into Valley Girls, and do you know where this annoying development came from?
Exciting developments in impotence treatments offer millions of these men and their partners renewed hope for a better quality of life.
The premise of "The Norplant Option," by Stuart Taylor Jr., reminds me of the plan my township put into effect in the mid-'70s to protect and preserve prime farmland by purchasing the development rights.
Based on this faulty assumption, Landsburg then goes on to make the assertion that since our grandchildren are going to be so rich, they won't mind being reduced to seeing things like trees only in photographs, and they "might prefer inheriting the proceeds of economic development to inheriting the redwoods," anyway.
The development of Microsoft FashionSense 2.0 is long overdue, and I for one would like to offer my services as a volunteer beta tester.
I look forward to further status reports of this product's development and am certain that you will do a fine job in your implementation.
In closing, while I agree with you that a rising U.S. currency relative to its European partners may not be a positive development, it is certainly not "of equal concern" with the persistent trade deficit with Japan.
Well, there is a realization that there is a never-before-in-human-history amalgamation of human activity and astronomical growth in creativity, with each development propelling us faster.
This type of article, even when well meant, just further fuels the fires of anti-Semitism and is counter-productive to the ongoing development of peace and civilization on Earth.
We have chosen to live in a beautiful place where some of the world's most scenic areas have been closed to mining and oil development forever.
Alaska and Alaskans will never satisfy those who believe that the only good development is no development.
Alaska and Alaskans will never satisfy those who believe that the only good development is no development.
Some believe that the Japanese or Taiwanese models of production and export-led development are superior to consumption-led approaches to economic growth.
The Chinese are also great admirers of key aspects of the Japanese development model.
Java should rightly be compared to Visual Basic and other tools meant for rapid development of applications.
In recent years, a similar development has occurred in France, where Jean-Marie Le Pen of the National Front has softened his anti-Arab racism in order to attract more votes.
Yates has done little for the economic development of our district.
You've never seen a white board used in real technical development, have you?
It was bad enough that the subject was covered ad nauseam (and I mean ad nauseam) in "The Breakfast Table" this week and treated as a serious news development in "Culturebox."
Matt Alsdorf (Editorial Assistant), Michael Brus (Editorial Assistant), Angela Claire Cassidy (Proofreader), Conny Chen (Production Assistant), Josh Daniel (Managing Editor), Jonathan Epstein (Software Development Engineer), Gretchen Evanson (Office Manager), Eve Gerber (Editorial Assistant), Siân Gibby (Copy Editor), Lori Johnson (Production Designer), Jodi Kantor (Associate Editor), Kathleen Kincaid (Design Director), Michael Kinsley (Editor), Cyrus Krohn (Associate Publisher), Linda Leste (Marketing Manager), Joseph Lacson (Product Planner), Scott Moore (Publisher), Seema Pareek (Software Design Engineer), David Plotz (Washington Bureau Chief), Peter Randall (Program Manager), Oswaldo Ribas (Program Manager), William Saletan (Senior Writer), José Saura (Software Development Engineer), Jack Shafer (Deputy Editor), Igor Shames (Support Engineer), Dan Shen (Software Development Engineer), Judith Shulevitz (New York Editor), Scott Shuger (Senior Writer), Laurie Snyder (Copy Editor), JoAnne Spencer (Production Assistant), Chris Suellentrop (Editorial Assistant), June Thomas (Copy Chief), Clay Thurmond (Copy Editor), Eliza Truitt (Associate Editor), Donald Vaughn (Support Engineer), Jacob Weisberg (Chief Political Correspondent).
Matt Alsdorf (Editorial Assistant), Michael Brus (Editorial Assistant), Angela Claire Cassidy (Proofreader), Conny Chen (Production Assistant), Josh Daniel (Managing Editor), Jonathan Epstein (Software Development Engineer), Gretchen Evanson (Office Manager), Eve Gerber (Editorial Assistant), Siân Gibby (Copy Editor), Lori Johnson (Production Designer), Jodi Kantor (Associate Editor), Kathleen Kincaid (Design Director), Michael Kinsley (Editor), Cyrus Krohn (Associate Publisher), Linda Leste (Marketing Manager), Joseph Lacson (Product Planner), Scott Moore (Publisher), Seema Pareek (Software Design Engineer), David Plotz (Washington Bureau Chief), Peter Randall (Program Manager), Oswaldo Ribas (Program Manager), William Saletan (Senior Writer), José Saura (Software Development Engineer), Jack Shafer (Deputy Editor), Igor Shames (Support Engineer), Dan Shen (Software Development Engineer), Judith Shulevitz (New York Editor), Scott Shuger (Senior Writer), Laurie Snyder (Copy Editor), JoAnne Spencer (Production Assistant), Chris Suellentrop (Editorial Assistant), June Thomas (Copy Chief), Clay Thurmond (Copy Editor), Eliza Truitt (Associate Editor), Donald Vaughn (Support Engineer), Jacob Weisberg (Chief Political Correspondent).
Matt Alsdorf (Editorial Assistant), Michael Brus (Editorial Assistant), Angela Claire Cassidy (Proofreader), Conny Chen (Production Assistant), Josh Daniel (Managing Editor), Jonathan Epstein (Software Development Engineer), Gretchen Evanson (Office Manager), Eve Gerber (Editorial Assistant), Siân Gibby (Copy Editor), Lori Johnson (Production Designer), Jodi Kantor (Associate Editor), Kathleen Kincaid (Design Director), Michael Kinsley (Editor), Cyrus Krohn (Associate Publisher), Linda Leste (Marketing Manager), Joseph Lacson (Product Planner), Scott Moore (Publisher), Seema Pareek (Software Design Engineer), David Plotz (Washington Bureau Chief), Peter Randall (Program Manager), Oswaldo Ribas (Program Manager), William Saletan (Senior Writer), José Saura (Software Development Engineer), Jack Shafer (Deputy Editor), Igor Shames (Support Engineer), Dan Shen (Software Development Engineer), Judith Shulevitz (New York Editor), Scott Shuger (Senior Writer), Laurie Snyder (Copy Editor), JoAnne Spencer (Production Assistant), Chris Suellentrop (Editorial Assistant), June Thomas (Copy Chief), Clay Thurmond (Copy Editor), Eliza Truitt (Associate Editor), Donald Vaughn (Support Engineer), Jacob Weisberg (Chief Political Correspondent).
Some fraygrants believe there's nothing to fear--this is geopolitics as usual; others find the subcontinental tests a frightening development.
"Britain was obliged to alert Chile of any development that could threaten her civil peace.
I am the product of perhaps too permissive parents in that they believed, being children of the '60s, that excessive discipline and training may lead to stunted personality development in their children.
This debate became inevitable when public libraries began to get wired, a development that Al Gore and Newt Gingrich both consider crucial to our country's future, and which Bill Gates has set up a foundation to support.
Dick Brass, Microsoft's vice president for technology development, says that the technical hurdles of screen quality and battery life have been largely surmounted.
I was then associated with the Committee for Economic Development, the least conservative of the business organizations, and we were the "good guys" to the liberal press.
The Harris book ( The Nurture Assumption: Why Children Turn Out the Way They Do , by Judith Rich Harris) suggests that parents contribute nothing to the development of their children.
Though controversial, the theory that genes and peers play pivotal roles in development cannot be dismissed.
The long catalog essay by the Modern's chief curator, Kirk Varnedoe, is a model of its kind, covering the salient facts of Pollock's biography, artistic development, and the critical debate about him.
At the same time, it called on the Turkish authorities "to answer the genuine demands of the Kurdish people for more autonomy and more economic development."
In embryonic development, totipotent cells (ostensibly organisms) divide into pluripotent cells (ostensibly nonorganisms), which in turn divide into cells that are "committed" to become specific tissues.
Accordingly, religious leaders lament this development as another instance of the Jews' perilous assimilation--if not into a Christian society then into a secular, commercial one.
In the Oval Office, BILL CLINTON meets with advisers LEON PANETTA and HAROLD ICKES and secretary BETTY CURRIE to discuss this development.
Two close observers of those developments are old friends Linda Tripp and LUCIENNE GOLDBERG , who is friendly with lawyers for Jones and lawyers in the office of Independent Counsel KENNETH STARR . One day, Tripp and Goldberg talk on the phone.
Prudie, like you, is watching these developments with fascination.
An essay contends that the Iraq attack made no sense strategically, and it won't aid our efforts to stop Saddam Hussein's weapons development.
Microsoft's representatives have made it clear that, after development costs, the production and distribution of software displays a flat marginal cost.
Hilary Spurling's Matisse is a careful and tightly focused attempt to illuminate a painter's development.
But in this biography, too, we learn the salient facts of an artist's development without really coming to understand how they happened.
Asked about the U.S. response to suspicions that North Korea was engaged in underground nuclear development programs, the ambassador said that "the US government apparently understands the serious consequences of military strikes against North Korea, similar to the attacks it conducted against Iraq."
The best doctors in the country either didn't notice the development of ulcer in the case of their important patient, or they themselves produced it by filling the president up with pills before the New Year."
Instead of trying to tame inner-city housing projects with different kinds of architecture, lower density, and income mixing, the Department of Housing and Urban Development should redefine its purpose: to help its tenants escape the ghetto.
2. In Kenya, students protesting unrestrained development plant trees in the Kauru forest.
(Or, as  Slate 's crack software development team puts it, in the strange argot of their tribe: "Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're working on that."
Time reports on a peculiar development in medical research: fake operations.
This context is also missing from the LAT front-page story on the Kosovo developments.
The development is also on the NYT front and inside at the WP .
Back to Clinton in China: The president, reports the NYT , visited a housing development illustrating the very recent Chinese phenomenon of privately owned residences, and told families there that home ownership is an investment in society, the bedrock of middle-class life.
This development should bolster the country's stability at least for the short-term, though the NYT says that Habibie's hold on power is still fragile.
Both the LAT and the NYT put the development deep inside.
The Washington Post leads with the World Bank's hiring of outside auditors to investigate spending from a $25 billion annual development project fund after an internal check seemed to suggest kickbacks and embezzlement.
The Times quotes DOJ antitrust chief Joel Klein applauding the development.
Three Secret Service agents testified before a federal grand jury yesterday, and the surprisingly swift development captured the leads at all three papers--the Washington Post , the New York Times , and the Los Angeles Times . The agents were cleared to testify when Chief Justice William Rehnquist denied a last-ditch DOJ appeal to stay their testimony.
The paper waits until the ninth paragraph to mention that, oh by the way, both of these developments are from today's issue of Nature . The Times does it right, giving Nature credit at the start of the third paragraph.
Two other developments get front coverage at USAT but are inside elsewhere: 1) The House vote to override a Clinton veto of the ban on the late-term abortion procedure involving partial vaginal delivery followed by removal of the fetus' brain.
Arrested Development
The NYT calls the meeting a "development fraught with danger for the president," while the LAT describes it as "a special legal session known as 'Queen for a Day,'."
Even as the Wall Street Journal editorial page rails against the progressive income tax's bite on high-income types, the Journal 's front offers a more grounded look at big earners these days, noting a whiney new development among many professionals with annual incomes of nearly $200,000: envy of those who, thanks to booming job and stock markets, make even more.
The NYT oversells its Iraq lead in saying that the latest developments mark "the first time" Saddam Hussein said he was ending all cooperation with U.N. inspectors.
The latest development is that Kenneth Starr has run afoul of a U.S.
Agency for International Development were closed and its employees moved into the city's U.S. embassy.
The paper says such a development points the way to a multitiered medical system where the quality of medical care might depend even more than it does today on a patient's wealth.
None of the reporting mentions it, but this sort of development is sadly familiar--it was reported after the fact that the Marines' commanding officer in Beirut in 1983 had expressed grave concern to his superiors about the vulnerability of his troops to hostile forces operating in the area.
Front page pieces at the NYT and WP report new developments in the search for suspects in the African bombings.
The Sudan plant story is the off-lead at the WP and NYT . The USAT lead also covers the latest development in the 1988 Pan Am bombing over Lockerbie, Scotland--discussed earlier in the summer as in the works by the NYT and nailed down in yesterday's LAT --that the U.S. and Britain have just decided to accept an offer once made by Moammar Gadhafi to have the two Libyan suspects in the case tried in the Netherlands under Scottish law.
The Wall Street Journal also gives much prime space to the Russian free-fall, running besides a news story on developments, a front-page feature on the Russian barter economy, and a "Politics and Policy" piece on President Clinton's plans for the upcoming summit with Boris Yeltsin.
The Washington Post front gives itself over most completely to the development, but its headlines omit the I-word.
The big story today is what happens when blue tape meets red tape, with the House Judiciary wrangle over the release of Starr report evidence--including the Clinton video--leading at USA Today , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times . The New York Times puts that story on the top front, but goes instead with Congress' likely decision to transfer control of satellite exports back to the State Dept. from the Commerce Dept., a development with its roots in a now-nearly forgotten Clinton technology-transfer-for-political-donations scandal broken last spring by the Times , a development nobody else's front page covers.
The big story today is what happens when blue tape meets red tape, with the House Judiciary wrangle over the release of Starr report evidence--including the Clinton video--leading at USA Today , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times . The New York Times puts that story on the top front, but goes instead with Congress' likely decision to transfer control of satellite exports back to the State Dept. from the Commerce Dept., a development with its roots in a now-nearly forgotten Clinton technology-transfer-for-political-donations scandal broken last spring by the Times , a development nobody else's front page covers.
I recently interviewed for a position as Software Development Manager at a company that produces shrink-wrapped packages for the corporate market.
There's no scientific or psychological basis for believing that children are affected in their sexual development or eventual sexual orientation by exposure to homosexuality--on television or in real life.
Pointing out that "the latest US complaint came within 24 hours of another big Chiquita donation to the Democratic Party," the Guardian said it supported the view of the International Institute for Environment and Development that "trade disputes brought by governments that have received financial support from likely beneficiaries should be null and void."
Best tidbit: The Times says Starr's new spokeswoman "did not return a telephone call seeking comment on Thursday's developments."
Hardest hit by this development were dachshund and Chihuahua breeders, whose product is often sold to kids--and without warning labels of any kind.
4. Head of the corporation says linchpin of long-term strategic development is: "talent, talent, talent, talent, talent."
He and I have been going through many growth and development phases.
A piece challenges recent findings that mothers don't harm their children's development by working as an "affront" to those moms who stay home or work out of necessity.
But software development religions aside, what is an operating system like Linux doing?
In my experience, this is the ultimate problem with Open Source development: not enough formal engaged testing.
The school's poor academic record has made it a frequent target of critics but, according to the Washington Post , Williams still believes it can become a magnet for economic development in its new location.
The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation and the American Council of Learned Societies have committed funds to the development of such books.
Nonetheless, he plunges relentlessly ahead as he details his deep involvement in the development of the story of Monicagate and the agonizingly slow revelation of the squalid behavior of President Clinton.
Special Commission for Iraq to track Iraq's weapons development, thus destroying UNSCOM's credibility.
You get a full development system with an unlimited server-based OS.
And just for your information, there is a "GNU operating system" in development, it's called the HURD and it is different in a number of respects from Unix.
Its incredible cost stems from endless development snafus and such mind-bending design features as a surface smoothness measurable to 1/10,000 th of an inch.
"Citizens Concerned With Environmental Development.
John Simpson, diplomatic editor of the BBC, wrote for the paper from the Yugoslav capital that the clearest example of this development had been in the town of Kragujevac, where workers at a car factory had been ordered to end a sit-in protest against the airstrikes because the factory was about to be targeted.
There's your wacky sitcom, Mr. Bigshot development jerk.
The new theory, based on subsequent studies: The frogs' development was screwed up by parasites that infected them.
The religious schools, shifting their emphasis from athletics to learning (even if a large part of it is of the Biblical variety), have consistently delivered better results both in terms of educational and, I would guess, communal development, than the public schools.
In Albania, the independent daily Koha Jone described it Thursday as "one of the most interesting developments in the Kosovo crisis since the start of the NATO airstrikes" and part of a Milosevic "peace offensive" for softening up the allies.
The Straits Times said that, because of the Kosovo conflict and the United States' promise of a new theatre-missile defense system for Taiwan, the PLA is expected to intensify the development of intermediate or long-range missiles and military communications technology.
A brief history rates monogamous marriage, education, employment, and improved health among the major developments in the lives of females over the last thousand years.
He reportedly said that recent developments have made territorial compromise inevitable.
' When that something is the theft of the development codes for the entire U.S. nuclear arsenal, however, such discretion shades into dereliction of duty of the worst kind.
For the Italian press Friday, Kosovo developments paled in significance beside a feared revival of home-grown terrorism.
The paper said, "[T]he development has served as a sobering reminder of Japan's inability to play a meaningful political role in the ethnic dispute."
He said, "This may be Baghdad's last chance to learn lessons from the developments of the past few months and appreciate the futility of entering into a fresh stand-off with the U.S., irrespective of the justice or injustice of U.S. policy in the MidEast."
Under pressure from President Clinton, the leading theater trade association says it will now bar the under-17 crowd from R-rated movies; rumors have it that the MPAA will be stricter about slapping R ratings onto violent movies; Disney plans to stop featuring guns in its marketing materials; and studios have canceled the development of some teen horror movies.
As one of the month's many activities, the Michigan State Housing Development Authority sponsored an essay and drawing contest, "What My Home Means to Me," for 5- through 12-year-olds whose families purchased a home in 1998 through a MSHDA funding and loan program.
The "Socialized Medicine" page exults, "New treatments are slowing the development of acne."
Medical advances are made through government subsidy: directly, through tax-supported universities, or indirectly, in the form of tax write-offs for private-sector research and development.
Though some faculty members feel McKinsey's involvement shames the academy, most think it's a healthy development for Harvard.
Its current mission is to teach career development, community service, leadership, and balancing family and career.
The first subscription solicitations have been mailed out by Talk magazine, marking the official return of Tina Brown, as welcome a development as the renewal of bald eagle hunting.
While Indian newspapers reported Monday that Pakistani-backed Muslim guerrillas have started pulling out of the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir--a development described by the Hindu as "a dramatic victory" for India and a "total military rout" for Pakistan--the Pakistani daily Dawn led Monday on planned protests by Islamic militants against the withdrawal.
A profile of Andrew Cuomo argues that he has brought his father Mario's brand of liberal zeal and moral grandeur to his post as secretary of housing and urban development.
But evisceration of patent protections could slow the development of the drugs poor countries need.
Part of the "mission" of the operation is "to help advance the personal and professional growth of the members and employees of the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation through business-driven educational development."
"The latest developments vindicate earlier warnings that Khatami's opponents might resort to provoking acts of violence, followed by a harsh crackdown on free debate and freedom of expression," the paper said.
His authoritarian rule has prevented the emergence of future leaders and the development of strong civic and political institutions.
I have been on quite a few development teams and was waiting for a few honest comments.
"I don't know the connection, but I did hear the Disney Channel has optioned it for development."
Ken Fisher, a professor of biomedical sciences at the veterinary college, believes that the development of a uterus is a normal part of a male beaver's genetics and embryology: But "I wouldn't bet the farm on that," he says.
One thing these postwar tract-home developments did have in abundance was kids, and considered as kid cities, they were wonderfully designed.
. its diversified Internet development and marketing business."
With luck and wisdom, Ankara could now end a bloody insurgency that has cost some 31,000 lives, slowed economic development and given Turkey one of the world's worst records in the human rights field.
Although blame for this development is ordinarily pinned on states like California, greedy for attention, that have front-end-loaded the primary system, the media themselves are also to blame, along with political consultants, pollsters, and so on, all of whom have a vested interest in the "permanent campaign" (a concept used in a book title, if not actually invented, by Sidney Blumenthal, but not necessarily invalid for that reason alone).
Yesterday, the Turkish authorities criticized the poor quality of many of the buildings that have gone up in the last few years in the area affected by the earthquake, a region that has experienced heavy industrial development.
More resources for economic development and alternative crops are the only way to quell guerrilla violence, ensure political stability, and cut drug production.
The film "bludgeons the audience with broad, crude, creepy developments" (Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ) and lacks Williamson's usual humor and panache.
The Aug. 17 earthquake "sent tremors rippling through Turkey's political and social world, triggering a backlash against the traditional Turkish faith in an all-powerful state," reported Toronto's Globe and Mail . Although it is unlikely that the current government will be brought down by the crisis, the paper says it could lead to "the grassroots development of Turkey's fragile democracy.
In an entirely unrelated development, ABC and parent company Disney have come under fire for a promotion run by their KLOS-FM radio station, in which morning disc jockeys Mark and Brian offered dark gardening implements to callers.
The findings, published in Nature , are expected to boost 1) biologically based theories of intelligence; 2) development of medicines for memory loss and Alzheimer's; 3) worries about "designer babies" and a superhuman race; and 4) concerns that humanlike animals will require humanlike rights.
The other 40 percent (within the 50 percent) think God has guided evolution toward human development.
That remarkable development helps to bind a portion of the electorate more tightly to the campaigns.
Fetal programming determines adult health, according to the cover story . Studies show that low birth-weight babies may have a high risk of developing diabetes, and prenatal trauma can impede brain development.
Experts warned that Taiwan is a sign of things to come: Earthquake damage will increase everywhere with urban development and population growth.
Gary Ackerman, D-N.Y., co-chairman of the India Caucus, saying that a resumption of U.S. arms sales to Pakistan "would be viewed as a very negative development."
What brings all this to mind is the recent controversy over Monsanto Co.'s development of infertile seeds--seeds that yield crops that don't reproduce so that farmers have to buy new seeds each year.
"It is one of the most significant developments in the history of the space age," said John E. Pike of the Federation of American Scientists, reacting to Tuesday's big event.
"It is one of the most significant developments in the history of the space age," said John E. Pike of the Federation of American Scientists, reacting to Tuesday's big event.
President Jiang told the Times of London in an interview that his recent meeting in New Zealand with President Bill Clinton had been "positive and constructive" and "very important for the improvement and development of China-US relations."
A strange development occurred this week in the Australian referendum campaign on the abolition of the monarchy.
(Strassman is in charge of business development for Votation.com, an Internet voting company, and is also the founder of the Campaign for Digital Democracy, the group behind the California ballot initiative.)
The movie tells two interlocking stories: The first is about Jeffrey Wigand (Russell Crowe), former vice president for research and development at the Brown & Williamson tobacco company, who is persuaded to go public with revelations about how cigarette manufacturers manipulate the chemicals in their product for maximum addictiveness.
But that view gained momentum Friday with the judge's declaration that "it is Microsoft's corporate practice to pressure other firms to halt software development that either shows the potential to weaken the applications barrier to entry or competes directly with Microsoft's most cherished software products."
The raw fact is that every successful example of economic development this past century--every case of a poor nation that worked its way up to a more or less decent, or at least dramatically better, standard of living--has taken place via globalization; that is, by producing for the world market rather than trying for self-sufficiency.
The forest fires that envelop Southeast Asia in an annual smoke cloud are set by land-hungry locals; the subsidized destruction of Amazonian rain forests began as part of a Brazilian strategy of inward-looking development.
Le Monde of Paris, which also reported the development on its front page, said the magazine Nature is due to publish the composition of Chromosome 22 this Thursday, marking the first time that the hugely complex chemical structure of a complete human chromosome has been revealed.
My college son developed a problem for an ethics class that revolved around a wrenchingly poor "fictional" country that proposed to enable slavery in return for economic development.
Boogie Nights showed that Anderson is master of camera movement and character development.
Pundits called it a rough week for Tripp, saying the developments 1) heightened the likelihood she would stand trial and 2) expanded the evidence that could be used against her.
The death of Franjo Tudjman, the first president of independent Croatia, was also a big story in Europe, with some commentators seeing it as a positive development for peace in the Balkans.
The campaigns against convenience gambling mark the most important development in gambling politics in years.
The development disturbs some voter education groups.
"We view anything that helps expand participation in the electoral process as a positive development," says Ben Green, director of Internet operations, Gore 2000.
The way reproductive developments are going, it shouldn't be too long before you can look a policeman in the eye and say, "Sir, I am entitled to this space.
Similarly, the Moscow Times said, "The system of succession that will guarantee the Kremlin's victory is a very positive development.
Kids are extremely resilient, and their emotional and intellectual development can be normal even if their early childhoods are distressed.
For this reason, Larry Makinson of the Center for Responsive Politics argues that e-fund-raising is "the only healthy development in the campaign-finance process."
And why is Gates going back to supervising software development?
The LAT and NYT fronts also report on these developments.
The story does go on to point out some hopeful developments in the relationship between the two rival A-powers: at meetings in New York yesterday, their prime ministers agreed to resume high-level talks about the region in dispute between them, Kashmir, and also to set-up a communications "hot line."
In other Lewinsky developments, the House Judiciary Committee set a tentative schedule for impeachment hearings.
Amidst the developments, the NYT detects mayhem among the House Republicans.
This development is surprising, the Times notes, because the economy is so robust.
In more Lewinsky developments, reported all around: Another batch of Starr documents is headed to the Government Printing Office for release to the public late next week.
The LAT front page carries a long historical narrative about the U.S.'s deliberations, in the early- to mid-1960s, over whether to bomb China to derail its development of nuclear weapons.
Another development: the successor to the Communist Party gained parliamentary strength in the vote.
The story's headline and first paragraphs emphasize yesterday's 238 point drop in the Dow and the dip of 30-year Treasury bonds below 5 percent for the first time ever, and say that "analysts" see these developments as a flight from international stock markets (probably the wrong word--these days, all stock markets are international--what's meant is "overseas").
This development will force almost 250,000 patients nationwide either to enroll in a different Medicare-covered HMO, or to switch to a standard, more expensive Medicare plan.
The LAT reports that with the development, a new political movement appears to be forming behind Moscow mayor Yuri Luzhov.
Called the most dramatic mortage rate development since the October 1987 stock market crash, the rise is forcing consumers across the country to pay more than they anticipated, or to make last-minute changes of plan.
The New York Times and Los Angeles Times lead with the latest developments in the federal budget wrangle.
Sensitive documents dealing with American foreign policy and the Manhattan Project were given to the Soviets and may have accelerated the development of a Soviet nuclear bomb by several years.
The big peace talk development yesterday, the papers report, is that Benjamin Netanyahu warned Yasser Arafat that he would take his delegation home if his country's West Bank security demands were not met.
The bulk of the international loan to Brazil will come from the International Monetary Fund ($15 billion plus), and the World Bank and Inter-American Development Bank ($9 billion together).
The LAT says the two developments taken together "raise the likelihood that Starr's case against Clinton could be disposed of soon."
These developments trace back to one Manhattan strip bar's attempt to avoid Rudy's wrath by admitting minors accompanied by adults.
Another development that has in the past served as an immediate warning of U.S. use of force: the withdrawal of nonessential State Dept. personnel and their dependents from embassies (in Israel and Kuwait), and of U.N. inspectors and humanitarian aid workers from Iraq.
But the paper points out current U.S. officials acknowledge that no bombing campaign, no matter how extensive, can be expected to eradicate Hussein's covert weapons development efforts.
The NYT points out that neither the Gulf War nor subsequent strikes in 1993 and 1996 significantly eroded Hussein's interest in or capability for weapons development.
In other scandal developments, carried in all papers: Independent counsel Kenneth Starr sent the House Judiciary Committee two boxes of new documents on Kathleen Willey, the former White House volunteer who has alleged that Clinton of groped her.
In a separate development, Hillary Clinton's former law partner Webster Hubbell was slapped with a 15-count indictment yesterday by Starr, who accuses Hubbell of lying to federal regulators.
With few major new developments in the U.S.-Iraq standoff, all papers run front-page stories on violence in Indonesia.
New developments in Iraq continue to dominate all papers' fronts.
A major business development, AOL's nearly consummated purchase of Netscape, leads at USA Today , the Washington Post , and Los Angeles Times . The move also gets a front-page leader at the Wall Street Journal . (According to the AP, the Journal online edition and the new Newsweek broke the story.)
The LAT refers to the development as "a wake-up call to tyrants around the world."
The Washington Post runs a story inside about its similar poll findings--nearly two-thirds of those it surveyed approve of Clinton's job performance--but leads with the warning the Clinton administration's senior national security advisors issued yesterday to Saddam Hussein: whenever necessary, the U.S. will bomb you again to prevent the development or use of gas and/or germ weapons.
The Wall Street Journal also runs a front-page leader on the development.
The paper points out that this is a landmark development, because while experts have long claimed that nearly one-fourth of all American cigarettes sold overseas get there through smuggling rings, the companies have previously always denied allegations that top executives knew of or were involved in any such alleged illicit traffic.
And the Times emphasizes not the hardware but the legal constraints, noting that Clinton last week wrote to Boris Yeltsin broaching the topic of renegotiating the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty the U.S. and Russia have signed so as to allow the development of the system.
Both stories emphasize that the renewed interest in missile defense has been prompted by the rather sudden development of long-range missiles by rogue states, such as North Korea.
The WSJ reports a new development in the music business in England, inspired by a recent rash of charges of song ripping-off--plagiarism insurance.
An oddity in the Post story: It claims that "for the president's weary defenders," the judge's remark was a "dispiriting development."
The New York Times off-leads that development, but leads with a story first tipped by the Wall Street Journal yesterday, the Clinton administration's decision to reject the sale of a $450 million satellite to a Chinese business consortium because of concerns about hurting U.S. security and boosting Chinese military capabilities.
Butterfield notes that the trend appears to illustrate several unintended consequences of get-tough-on-crime developments.
Similarly, in the mid-thirties, the Delineator 's Beauty Institute called upon eight hundred readers to be 'beauty consultants' for product development and marketing purposes."
That began to change in mid-century, with the development of small-arms manufacturing.
It is a commonplace of literary history that the emergence of autobiography in the West reflects the development of the mature, individuated, self-aware self.
She should have copped to the fact that after a single luminous, thought-provoking, and joyful coming-out episode in the spring of 1997, Ellen got lost in awkwardly orchestrated, unfunny plot developments about parents and first girlfriends.
God forbid you miss the next development in this season of peace on earth and goodwill toward men.
At that time, Abbott's rivals at the French Pasteur Institute were browbeating every politico within lobbying range to wait for the development of a French procedure, which they promised was only weeks away.
We Americans profess to be so concerned with kids, and education, and early brain development, and on and on, and even today working moms are subject to tremendous amounts of disapproval for supposedly compromising their children's whatever, no matter how terrific their child-care arrangements are, but now we are taking the most vulnerable kids and saying we don't care what kind of arrangements you make, just show up for your sub-minimum-wage street-cleaning job, which will hardly ever lead to a real job, and which you have to drop out of school to get to.
However, some recent studies explore the connection between development of linguistic gender and sex/gender, and the question of anatomically determined language is fashionable.)
A Feminist Dictionary includes new words and new definitions; words from utopian literature suggest “what might be”; definitions are elaborate, the stated aim to stimulate research or theoretical development.
the creature, Homo sapiens , at the highest level of animal development, characterized esp.
For the most part, the book consists of a rewriting of history, from the dawn of time, with the purpose of demonstrating two main themes: the “fact” that women were responsible for all the important contributions to the advancement of civilization (as the development of agriculture, for instance), often despite the arrogance and stupidity of men; and the “fact” that women have long been subjected to domination by men.
The choice between the prevailing theory and Renfrew's depends on whether one accepts a “wave” theory, first promulgated more than a hundred years ago by Johnanes Schmidt, a German linguist, or one of indigenous development.
Pottery finds can be interpreted to support either the imposition of an elite culture from Turkmenia or a late development of the Indus civilization.
Mark had now got his first taste of women, and it was a taste that was to show many developments.
Fowler points out that the taste Mark got first was an `experience'; the taste that showed developments was an `inclination.
Extensive works, like the Oxford English Dictionary offer far more elaborate information, including, where appropriate (and available) valuable comments on the origins of sense development.
Wilson was head of the English department at the University of Saskatchewan, and during the thirties he gave a course on the origin and development of language.
That part of the will was declared invalid by a judge, and the interested parties, not wishing an extensive romp in the courts, agreed to a compromise whereby the sum of ¥8,300 was set aside for the development of the new alphabet Shaw called for and for the publication in it of Androcles and the Lion . (Not utterly irrelevant here are these words on page 32 of Shaw's Everybody's Political What's What?
Wilson was sensitive to the growing edges of language, and he rejoiced in the ambiguities of it because they are signs of life and development.
Subsequent deletions and additions (Postmaster General, out; Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, Transportation, Energy, Education, in) would yield stdaiaclhhtee , not really the most pronounceable acronym, at least to speakers of English.
Coulmas's clear exposition of the history of writing systems traces the development of various kinds of writing systems--ideographic, pictographic, morphemic, syllabic, phonemic, and phonetic--through history, discussing them individually, describing how certain ancient scripts were deciphered, and presenting his cogent arguments for regarding at least some aspects of language through the analysis of writing.
As the speakers of various languages applied it to their needs, it became somewhat more sophisticated; the Elamites, for example, were able to economize on the number of symbols by assigning to most of them syllabic identity, a major step toward the development of alphabetic writing.
The text is punctuated here and there by tables showing the progressive development of selected symbols (as, for example, in Sumerian), the Devanagari syllabary (in which several modern and ancient Indian languages are written), the Hebrew, Arabic, and other alphabets, Chinese and Japanese writing, and attractive drawings showing the hieroglyphic (with sound values in English orthography).
I strongly suspect the Germans, for instance, of having initiated--or at least aided and abetted--one of the most disturbing developments now under way in the English language: the disappearance of the verb may/might . This verb was formerly used to express possibility (or sometimes permissibility), while can had to do with ability.
Another development that worries me is the employment of plurals in an adjectival sense.
There can be no doubt whatever that with this development logical exposition could thereby become relentless.
It was discovered--and this should no longer be any cause for wonder--that a sentence containing however could also begin with but . Moreover, but could appear directly in front of nevertheless . But this development reached its zenith with the use of but as a topper conjunction (see the beginning of this sentence); the topper but does not in reality indicate a contradiction, for it always appears at the start of a sentence which is, truth be, in harmony with preceding sentences, but rather it tops the previous statements by pointing unerringly to that which is promised by contradiction, namely illumination.
This approach reflects editorial sifting of the evidence from the citations and a subsequent presentation that best befits clarity and sense development.
In World War II, the need for a general-purpose vehicle was satisfied with the development of a means of transportation referred to by the government with astonishing directness and candor as a general-purpose vehicle . The army, quick to abbreviate everything, began to refer to the vehicle as a g.p.
But the effect was the gradual displacement of Gaelic by the development of Scots English parallel with southern English (as the successors to the respective Anglian and Saxon mainstreams).
Milestones, Footrocks, and Inchpebbles in the Historical Development of Formal Logic 
The principal figure in this development was Dr. `Arris Toddle, who invented the Syllogism in Barbara, as well as those in Betsy, Patricia, and Harriet.
The next great development in logic was carried out by the Muddyville School, also known as The Skull Ass-ticks, when they played rock music on the side to make a living.
The most recent and, in many ways, the most exciting development in formal logic is the new field of fuzzy logic, in which precision is replaced with vagueness and truth with maybe and perhaps.
A chronological structure would have directly juxtaposed Jespersen with Woolf and then enabled the reader to find a way through the developments in the debate, giving a more coherent picture of the broadening issues.
It is in the often hastily constructed and hastily named developments on the edges of Santa Fe that the names are most feverishly given.
One can imagine a bulldozer operator as he blades out a road for a new development being hailed by the developer thus: “Hey, Loyd ...”
Personally, I like to see as much discussion of the meaning, sense development, and origin of a term as I can find, but one must sacrifice that to get a longer list of entries.
The language of extraterrestrials merits only passing mention in Lunatic Lovers of Language, which deals with the development of artificial languages and with the search for language universals, characteristics that many (or all) languages share and that lend credence to the notion that there was only one original language from which the present stock has liverged.
However, it would seem that, because of recent developments in court surface technology, lawn tennis , which up to 1975 was an umbrella designation for a game played on a variety of surfaces, should be restricted to the few remaining clubs, such as Wimbledon, that maintain grass courts.
But none of the early citations locates the word in Louisiana and the semantic development from the French is very difficult.
' In this sense, the development of dude would be like that of fop . Again we see etymologists struggling with uncertainty and the educated guess.
From the perspective of a professor of English at a noted American university (Michigan), Richard Bailey, a former president of the American Dialect Society who has long been active in English linguistics and associated with lexicography, has provided a historical view of the development of the language that concludes with a realistic assessment of its present position among the languages of the world.
With the development of industry, yang was deleted.
Among them are Arablish, Chinglish, Frenglish, Gerlish and Deutschlish, Italglish, Janglish and Japlish, Russlish , and Yinglish . The complex and fluid developments in the European Community, between English and eight other languages, have been labeled in at least four ingeniously pejorative ways, as Eurolish, Eurospeak, Desperanto, and Minglish (the first two also used to denote and deride Common Market bureaucratese, the third to catch the confusion that can arise among simultaneous translators).
The hybridization of English with innumerable other languages on a one-to-one basis is a product of necessity and one of the most remarkable developments in communication that has ever taken place.
A very recent development, of British origin, is the addition of names to monolingual dictionaries of English as a Second Language [ESL], such as the new “encyclopedic edition” of the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary (1992).
Readers who have got this far, may be able to tackle another development without the aid of a diagram: bekex, a simple corruption of back-axle, has been in common usage since the days of the British mandate, for the mechanical expertise of soldiers of the Jewish Brigade, manhandling 30 cwt.
Examples of words drawn into the Russian vocabulary by recent revolutionary developments are: mafia, miting `mass meeting' and its verb form mitingovat', and biznes and biznesmen in a non-pejorative sense.
The first edition of Baugh's History was published in 1935; because so much has happened to English since then, it is fitting that its history be updated, not only to reflect more recent developments in dialect, lexicon, grammatical theory, and the universal adoption of the language as a lingua franca, but also to revise scholarship in the light of later research that either elaborates or confutes information that is now more than half a century old.
As the result of observation over a period of many years of driving through or past suburban residential developments within a half hour of my home, I have induced principles of street taxonomy, by sheer inference, that demonstrate that streets in such places are designated by:
Of course these principles do not account for all the streets in a particular development and do not necessarily apply in all developments, but I cannot be responsible for a developer's ignorance of my findings or for his aberrant conduct in disregarding them.
Of course these principles do not account for all the streets in a particular development and do not necessarily apply in all developments, but I cannot be responsible for a developer's ignorance of my findings or for his aberrant conduct in disregarding them.
Simes gives a full account of these glossaries, and then turns to the development of dictionaries of underworld slang from the 17th century to the present.
' This pejorative development was not extraordinary, because the word ordinary had itself taken on a debased sense.
Now it passes as a synonym for indecent, obscene , or gross (three words that have also gone through some downward sense development).
Subscribe to “The Electronic Publishing Forum” and keep informed about these developments for only $12.
This is our best defense against postmodern angst: To critically look at and anticipate the cultural and social changes spurred by the rapid development of technology”).
Firmage recounts the development of each letter from its first protoplastic attestation on through its often protean metamorphoses over the millennia.
It has watched over and, in a very low-key way, guided the development of a recognisable and accepted Australian standard.
He has witnessed it evolve through the work of many people, he has written many articles about it himself, and now he has traced its development with the precise logic of a chessmaster of language.
It was his work that formed the basis of the linguistic studies later carried on by the brothers Grimm (Jakob Ludwig Karl, 1785-1863; Wilhelm Karl, 1786-1859), which, in turn, gave foundation to the development of the comparative method.
I am prejudiced, I know, but while I find the use of impact as a verb an interesting linguistic development, I consider it execrable style for literate speakers and (especially) writers; yet it appears in Rose's Preface, where one can also find a transitive use for coruscate ( OED2e please note).
Seen in this light the recent attack on the notion of language itself emerges as a natural development of his Quinian scepticism towards `meanings' and his rejection of referencebased semantic theories.
The author also assesses the positive and negative claims made for the effects of bilingualism on children's cognitive, social and academic development, and examines the assumptions behind various language policies and programs for bilingual children.
Cerium has its own, similar development, so that by the early 20th century all 14 lanthanides had been isolated.
His books are many; listed on the back flap of the dustjacket of this book are the Macmillan Dictionary of Contemporary Slang, The Slang Thesaurus, Neologisms: New Words Since 1960, Slang Down the Ages: The Historical Development of Slang , and The Dictionary of Jargon .
It is probably true to say that an entire book could be written about this recent period in dictionary development, including not only the reflection of sound linguistic philosophy but the effects of the introduction of computers into the dictionary research, compilation, composition, and accession (as through personal computers to CD-ROMS and diskettes): certainly there is more documented information about it than the period of several hundered years covered in the first fourteen chapters of Chasing the Sun .
It is probably the language that has borne much of the burden in that development: the first citation for acronym in the OED , 1943, quotes American Notes and Queries , which refers to earlier, unidentified usage of the term.
Nineteenth-Century English is an interesting if somewhat staid tracing of the development of English into a world language, though its influence today is probably owing directly more to events of the past sixty years than to the growth and spread it enjoyed during the century of colonialism.
So, we must find other friends who can help us see that this project reaches the only reasonable conclusion for a dictionary—the letter Z. The single bright spot in our funding picture is that the Dean of the College of Letters and Science here at the UWMadison has provided DARE with a Development Specialist for three years.
The most striking recent development has been the popularity of the “pluck yew” story, which conflates the origin of fuck with an earlier piece of folklore about the origin of the offensive backhand two-finger gesture.
Early examples force us to rethink what we thought we knew about the historical development of language.
Our Development program offers many giving opportunities to meet your company's or family's philanthropic needs to create positive change in your community.
Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well being.
The campaign funds will help provide a resource library, training materials and equipment; development of progressive math and science programs; and the construction of new centers at three of our camp properties.
Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well being.
The nine assets are known to enhance school success, educational aspirations, and the development of positive behaviors.
Starla A. Tigg Development Committee Chair
Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well being.
It is the one private, volunteer organization that exists to end the menace of cancer, to ease the pain of cancer victims and their families, to rehabilitate those who survive, and to enlighten and inform both the professional world and lay public about the latest developments in cancer.
96% (173) of the 177 at-risk children enrolled in St. Mary's early childhood program demonstrated an increase in their social, emotional, physical, cognitive, speech and language development.
Pat Bray Director of Development
Valery De Long Director of Development
One of the areas we've decided to focus on is development.
The community initiatives committee is working with our development office to put together a long-range fundraising plan that will ultimately bring more money into our centers.
Your financial support of the development process is just one step in making CCI a stronger, more efficient and ultimately more effective federation of service providers.
70,0001 career assistance for youth Preschool for young children School Age Child Care for and children and youth Access services such as emergency and holiday assistance for all ages Adult Day Care for seniors Senior Case Management Aids Education for youth and adults Senior Social Involvement Computer Training for youth, adults and seniors Senior Nutrition meal program Day Care for young children Social Development and Recreation for children, youth and adults.
Better yet, most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network, Goodwill Industries, Indianapolis Housing Agency, City of Indianapolis, Indianapolis Private Industry Council, Family and Social Services administration, OTC, Indy Parks, and numerous community development corporations, neighborhood organizations, and churches, to name just a few.
Valery De Long Director of Development
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
We have met with a number of successes along the way, most notably the Summer Fun Line, the Metro Summer Bus Pass, and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils.
---- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all Marion County young people.
In the last several years, the business and corporate community has recognized that the positive development of youth is directly related to the development of a competent workforce.
This money maintains the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships.
It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships, including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff.
Workshops focused in YMCA initiatives around the globe such as: community development, refugee relief, teen programs, youth sports, exchanges, and much more.
The program will be evaluated using the YMCA of the USA's Youth Development Survey based on The Search Institute's Youth Asset Model.
In the next five years, there will be significant new initiatives to organize community resources and partnerships for youth development.
YMCA leadership can influence these constructive efforts in the community to expand youth development programs.
The Social Health Association provides, through its own teachers, age-appropriate, abstinence based, in-school programming in three different areas: human growth and development; AIDS and STD education; and life skills (conflict resolution, peer pressure, decision-making).
*$48 will pay for one hour of programming in human growth and development or AIDS/STD education for approximately 50 students.
*$240 will pay for human growth and development programming for an entire school for approximately 500 students.
The Social Health Association provides, through its own teachers, age-appropriate, abstinence based, in-school programming in three different areas: human growth and development; AIDS/STD education; and life skills (conflict resolution, peer pressure, decision-making).
*$48 will pay for one hour of programming in human growth and development or AIDS/STD education for approximately 50 students.
*$240 will pay for human growth and development programming for an entire school for approximately 500 students.
Human Growth & Development
Marilyn J. Ray Director of Public Relations and Financial Development
You can find out more about our work and environmental developments on Beacon Hill at ELM' s website, www.EnvironmentalLeague.org.
the last precious natural areas here in Indiana are increasingly threatened by misuse, neglect, and unchecked development.
I am pleased to present the Southeast Neighborhood Development (SEND) annual report.
This shift in our neighborhood image is very satisfying after fifteen years of concerted efforts by South-East Neighborhood Development (SEND) to reverse community decline.
SEND's redevelopment efforts have played a major role in rebirth of Fountain Square, directly investing more than $12 Million into affordable housing, commercial development, and beautification project since 1991.
I am writing to you as a donor to SouthEast Neighborhood Development (SEND) to update you on both our accomplishments and the challenges we are tackling next.
The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood.
Thank you again for your past and future support of community development on the South Side.
Consequences of poverty include inadequate nutrition and its effects, such as the real possibility of slow mental development.
In addition to expanded physical facilities since the completion of Science, Engineering and Technology Building Phase Two, several of the programs in the school have expanded in terms of student and faculty size; the research and development contracts with federal and state agencies and private industry exceeded one million dollars in value for the first time last year; interaction of faculty and students with the other schools on campus increased drastically in terms of joint research projects on medical imaging, computational neuroscience and biomechanics and the partnership with Naval Avionics Warfare Center and Naval Weapons Center flourished with the moving of Electronic Manufacturing Productivity Facility from California to a new facility within one mile of the main campus.
Since the beginning of our Annual Fund in 1984, alumni have been important partners in the development of our programs.
It has been a busy time, for we have an ambitious agenda for growth and development.
-DEVELOPMENT.
From its start in 1969, Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis has been a partner with its city and region in their shared growth and development.
Faculty Recruitment and Development Discretionary funds are especially needed to attract and retain faculty members.
One of the Department's initiatives is to offer support for English majors through the development of scholarship funds.
We have especially appreciated this generosity and hope you have been pleased with the growth and development of the School.
A major development of national significance has provided much prestige to the IUPUI Geography Department.
With the support of people like you, the ill School of Dentistry has funded scholarships for deserving students, research and professional development opportunities for faculty, and a computer network for the entire school.
We are pleased to tell you of a very exciting development with the fund, which has reached a market value of $750,000.
Danny R. Dean Director of Development
Please return it to "Joyce Stafford or me (Development Office, Room 202) so that we can personally thank you for your support.
Danny R. Dean Director of Development
Checks should be made out to Indiana University Foundation and sent directly to the Development Office at IUSD, 1121 West Michigan Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46202, Attention: Danny Dean.
Sincerely, Barry F. Smith Director of Development
Barry smith, IUSD Director of Development, will contact you regarding the bench when your form is received.
Many offices were able to create special staff development funds and other enhancements as a result of the campaign.
One is staff and faculty development.
And yet we all recognize the need to invest in professional growth and development.
We look forward to the support that new Development Associate Hilary S. Oberlies '85 will provide for the Annual Fund this year.
During the current period of declining state funding for our law school, there is one outstanding development.
"The Law Library's funding is insufficient to allow for appropriate collection development and maintenance, to hire a sufficient number of employees, especially professional librarians."
As the law school's assistant dean for development, I am especially sensitive about our efforts to create new or increased sources of income.
Joni Thompson Assistant Dean for Development
Joni Thompson Assistant Dean for Development
One of the selling points in this fall's development campaign is the level of support given by the school's alumni leaders and friends on the Alumni Association Board and the Board of Visitors.
Specifically, you will be joining a group of distinguished foundation executives, business leaders, scholars, development professionals and volunteers in the nonprofit sector ...
people such as Charles A. Johnson, Vice President for Development of the Lilly Endowment, Hank Rosso, Founding Director of The Fund Raising School, Patricia Lewis, President of the National Society of Fund Raising Executives, and Milt Murray, an extraordinary fund raiser upon whom both The Center and NSFRE have bestowed their highest awards.
This has been an eventful year for the School of Nursing -the official closing of a very successful 75th Anniversary Celebration in April, a record enrollment exceeding 5,000 students system-wide and a host of other new developments.
Rebecca T. Markel, EdD, RN Assistant Dean/Development RTM/lv
Dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and community organizations regarding the IMA's development of the Art & Nature Park continues.
John L. Krauss Trustee and Chairman, Development Committee Enclosures/
In additional materials I am sending you will find traditional background information on the Museum and news (in the Previews magazines) of our latest developments, scheduled programs, and special exhibitions.
Just as the Indianapolis Museum of Art's (IMA's) year 2000 is filled with exciting developments, so, too, are your opportunities as Trustees for the Museum.
Dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and community organizations regarding the IMA's development of the Art & Nature Park continues.
John L. Krauss Trustee and Chairman, Development Committee
Linda Hardwick Director of Development & Membership
The IMA 's Development Committee will match all pledges received by December 31, 1998 dollar-for-dollar.
Linda Hardwick Director of Development and Membership
Our special exhibition features a collection formed with an ambitious aim -to document the development of modem art.
Linda Hardwick Director of Development & Membership
Linda Hardwick Director of Development & Membership
To assist you with your contribution, please feel free to call Kathy Dannels, Director of Development, at 924-6770 ext.
To assist you with your contribution, please feel free to call Kathy Dannels, Director of Development, at 924-6770 ext.
Patricia G. Rooney Kathryn M. Dannels Board of Trustees/Development Chairman Director of Development
Patricia G. Rooney Kathryn M. Dannels Board of Trustees/Development Chairman Director of Development
Kathryn M. Dannels Director of Development
With a donation of $50, $100, $250 or whatever you can give to the IRT, you can play a role in the development of a young person through the educational outreach programs at the Indiana Repertory Theatre.
Past Inner Circle briefings have been conducted by Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp, White House Chief of Staff Sam Skinner, Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney, and Chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisors Michael Boskin.
