Nouns and verbs and other parts of speech are considered not as familiar individuals but as members of different species.
The quest to assemble the shards of experience, too, is by now familiar.
Khouri, a native of Paducah, Ky., site of a major school shooting, cited the familiar litany of parental neglect, breakdown of education and community, and the Internet as causes of teen violence.
A long story on Robert Kennedy's 10 children rehashes their familiar troubles (Joe's divorce, Michael's babysitter affair, etc.).
As every good copywriter knows, one of the most effective ways of drawing the attention of newspaper readers to a consumer advertisement is to juggle cleverly with the shape and meaning of a familiar idiom or set phrase.
Clinton did indeed move deftly and systematically to deny Republicans all their familiar means of portraying Democrats as being incorrigibly leftist and outside the mainstream.
They can join hordes of their sun-deprived brethren from Great Britain, Germany, and other countries, and enjoy an island vacation with a cheap place to stay, familiar food, glorious beaches, and a few day excursions thrown in for variety.
The Post cites "individuals familiar with the case."
He was also an expert in hospital design, and was thus familiar with building construction.
There are essays on all the familiar Steiner subjects--translation, tragedy, the eclipse of humane culture, the connection between language and ethics, and Judaism and the Holocaust.
Sound familiar?
uh i'm familiar with that one
and it was i presume you're familiar with that
the real classics i'm not as familiar with as you know the ordinary sounds that you hear every day type of thing
The plot rips off the familiar one-on-one mind games of The Silence of the Lambs and adds up to nothing more than "a greatest-hits collection of plot devices and emotional cues from such films as Gorillas in the Mist and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest " (John Anderson, the Los Angeles Times ). (Click here to watch the trailer, and for David Edelstein's review in
that's an interesting theory i'm not that familiar
His extraordinary Card Game (1917) uses those "contrasting forms" to reconfigure a traditional genre subject (Cézanne's Card Players is the most familiar example).
People always relate to the familiar and iconic and reject what's truly new.
If a drug dealer were to rattle off lists of narcotics words, the English speaker would be surprised at all the familiar sounds: California, sunshine, gelatina (gelatin), and gelé jelly, for instance, are cryptic nicknames for drugs in general.
uh familiar with the metric system
In its infinite wisdom, the telephone companies long ago abandoned words for numbers, having perceived that there were some number combinations (like 95) could not be readily yielded by familiar names.
Now that you’re becoming familiar with Chinese cooking, you might want to collect the appropriate utensils.
The familiar ideas on this subject include the existence of a multiverse and the weak anthropic principle.
At the height of a high-consumption holiday shopping season, it all seems familiar.
that's right because that's what they're familiar with
Most readers are familiar with the famous two-slit experiment, which exhibits the fundamental oddness of quantum interference.
The column was so amazingly familiar I had to check the byline to see if I'd sleep-written it.
in in North Carolina for the state so i i work with Lotus and DataEase a lot so i i'm real familiar with that
Gore made all his familiar criticisms--that Bradley wasn't putting any money aside for Medicare, that his health-care plan wouldn't cover everybody, and that when the going got tough in the Senate, Bradley got going.
Note: this is an example of a “HobsonJobson”—foreign words or expressions twisted into a more familiar configuration by the pervasive influence of linguistic chauvinism, a rich source of onomatoplazia.
Canada those people are usually pretty uh familiar with the politics going on and and the news events in the US and
(He graduated from Oberlin College, was Ohio's first black lawyer, and would have been a familiar figure in the local history to which Morrison was exposed as a child.)
Before I try, let me give a quick synopsis of the project for those who aren't already familiar with it.
Designers are enclosing nearly nonexistent breasts in the familiar bra-shape, then sliding a dress around it (attached with little rings), or over it (so it shows through), or below it (sewn on, sometimes in a different material).
By lending credence to the Lewinsky charges, and treating Clinton's familiar defenses as the lies and half-lies they seem to be, Stephanopoulos shows he's not a fool.
I am not familiar with the dates for the building project.
If you are a fan of old-fashioned jazz—what is now known as “traditional” or “trad” jazz—you are familiar with one of the standard “jump tunes” of the genre—a tune most commonly called Muskrat Ramble . Even if you are not a fan, you must have heard it as least a dozen times.
Obviously, that works only for kids familiar with New York City.
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne's earlier books, especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue: The Life and Times of the English Language . One might say that subtitling the present book “A Book of Lost Metaphors” is an example of a loose canon [sic] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here: the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given, many not readily findable in standard works of reference.
Mobe 68 meanwhile would have gone up, sharing the elevator with an middle-aged Black man who looks very familiar.
But it is Coast Pidgin with which I am most familiar.
So any time we saw people walking down the street that look didn't look familiar, `cause we had a pretty close knit community, so we had people walking around the neighborhood or whatever, you know what I'm saying, that looked funny, everybody would be scared.
The more formal agreements helped ensure that new members were familiar with the organization's practices, which had previously been informal and undocumented.
In appreciation of your generosity, I've enclosed a special bookmark printed with John Newton's familiar hymn, "Amazing Grace."
no i'd actually i plead my ignorance knowledge lack of knowledge i'm not familiar with him what is he is he an American novelist
Hosts Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Goofy, Donald Duck, and Pluto wander around in their familiar costumes, posing with visitors but never speaking.
Unsure whether he is doing the right thing or inflicting harm, he tells himself this is the natural thing to do, although he would feel more secure if she was familiar like Daddy and not mysterious like Mommy.
Socially, it can indicate that a person has been more familiar with another person than social and cultural manners permit.
It makes several familiar arguments: High-tech industry is driving the boom; organized labor's decline and pressure from foreign suppliers are keeping wages and inflation in check; unskilled workers still face tough times.
This is a result of the familiar “demand pooling” argument, which shows that the total variation for the sum of many customers’ demand is less than the sum of the variation in individual customers’ demand.
He makes the familiar unfamiliar.
I probably could still pass the (state) bar exam," he says, somewhat in jest, because of all the different areas of the law still very familiar to him.
yeah that sounds familiar
The costumes, choreography, instruments, and singing — all quite unique to China — might seem strange to Westerners, but these highly stylized elements are part of a familiar tradition that many Beijingers love.
In such a large-scale classical-like space and time, Feynman’s familiar sum over histories that minimizes a least action along classical trajectories would emerge as a consequence.
We are all familiar with the naming process, whether it be with the great relief at hearing the doctor say “muscular strain” instead of “rheumatoid arthritis” as he examines the x-rays, with the Sunday supplement newspaper article summing up (for the umpteenth time) the latest new words and acronyms, with nothing with amusement, admiration, or consternation what some people name their children, and with scores of other instances we encounter daily.
The researchers found that information might not be obtained if the health professionals were not familiar with the indexing policy.
are you familiar with those
Set back behind tall trees off the rue des Jardins, the Anglican Holy Trinity Cathedral of 1804, with its elegant spire, will be familiar to Londoners for its respectful imitation of St. Martin-in-the-Fields.
If true, this would not mean that there are five familiar features, three spatial and two others, that constitute the dimensions of shape space.
Clinton's response, quoted by the Times , has the familiar I-didn't-inhale-and-I-didn't-impale flavor: yes, he was talking to House Democrats, but "a large number called me."
Cases in which obtaining oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user's needs; the auditor has worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report's findings, conclusions, and recommendations, or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issued discussed in the draft report.
uh huh Saint Claude is that sound familiar yeah
Trevelez, considered the highest village in Spain, is famous for its jamón serrano (dried cured ham), and Lanjarón is familiar throughout Spain as the name on the red, green, and white label on bottles of water originating from the town’s springs.
Building on work of Astekar and his colleagues, Rovelli and Smolin proceeded directly from general relativity along somewhat familiar pathways of canonical quantization.
To illustrate their views, fraygrants posted lists of their favorite films in different genres, from the familiar to the obscure.
With regard to causality, researchers using case study methods cannot rely on familiar ways of ruling out alternative explanations.
yeah is is fairly familiar the thing that i thought was interesting was that the critics apparently it's gonna win everything
Those familiar with the work of César Manrique (see page 30) will not need an introduction.
Most of the readers of this book will be familiar with Lego.
His (much-repeated and now familiar) argument: Microsoft's "open standards" have created a prosperous, competitive industry worth $40 billion a year, and the government has no place deciding which applications Microsoft can and cannot include in its products.
We generally make an exception for the more familiar English usage of "Bin" as part of a last name, as in Bin Ladin.
you know i've only been over there a couple of times and i'm not that familiar with uh
He grounds his argument in the familiar rhetoric of rights.
Yet a number of years ago, Auberon Waugh (familiarly called Bron, as the British are wont to do with public figures), the son of Evelyn Waugh, had a column in The Spectator in which he remarked: "We are all familiar with being in strange places and not knowing exactly where we are.
The static HTML provides a simple and familiar user interface for loading files and choosing filtering options.
got familiar with that lake
Popular with adults and children, the Chinese shadow play (a 2,000-year-old art form) dramatizes familiar legends.
Schrödinger reached the correct conclusion: If genes are constituted by as few as several hundred atoms, the familiar statistical fluctuations predicted by statistical mechanics would be so large that heritability would be essentially impossible.
This should sound familiar.
As an additional advantage, all of that pro bono service would be done by attorneys already familiar with and trained in the courts they would serve."
exercising exercising um i play wally uh wally ball are you familiar with that
But must autonomous agents be “molecular” in the familiar sense?
Part of this process is purely computational, and in its simplest terms can be described as a process of recognition: can anything be located that is somehow already familiar?
i'm not even i hate to admit uh that familiar with what the laws are here in Texas regarding purchasing a firearm um
You’ll find vintage and contemporary posters for familiar Western films and the greatest hits of theater and opera, as well as more obscure titles.
That might allow the familiar particles with rest mass to borrow a tiny bit of the vacuum energy for their mass.
no in fact i'm not even familiar with it i don't think
Moving further into the house, I felt the same sense of surprise that I always feel in the presence of movie celebrities: surprise that they look so familiar.
Staff should be familiar with safety guidelines on Material Safety Data Sheets for reagents and other chemicals purchased from suppliers.
yes yes i just don't think that academically they're and the school systems here is supposed to be really good they have i don't know if you're familiar but Texas has uh
Also, Slate is panned: "familiar names like Joe Queenan, Katha Pollitt, Wendy Kaminer, Louis Menand, Paul Berman, Nicholas Lemann--all-purpose oxygen depleters who wash up everywhere."
Here, the language provides no express statement on when an alien must be present in the United States and other familiar terms of immigration law, such as "continuous physical presence" are not used.
i don't know if you're familiar with it Pamela Smart in New Hampshire
Sheryl Crow's guitar licks seem so familiar that I have often suspected they're simply mixed out of "Stuck in the Middle With You."
After evaluating the full spectrum of expression patterns, we address the identification of grain filling genes by a measure of correlation with a familiar expression pattern, conceptually conforming to grain filling.
String theories posit either eleven-or-fewer-dimensional space and time, with three of the spatial dimensions unfurled and large scale, corresponding to our familiar three-dimensional space.
are you familiar at all with the voucher system
' " The other day an envelope arrived at my door with a bunch of sticks lashed together in the familiar form of the Blair Witch talisman.
We concluded that, as Ferguson and Frydman have suggested, many professionals have seriously overestimated the risks and underestimated the benefits of online support groups and other online health resources for patients, probably because they do not operate within our familiar professionally centered constructs [9].
In the familiar setting of a liter of gas at room temperature, equilibrium of macroscopic features is attained rapidly, and small macroscopic fluctuations such as deviation from chemical equilibrium among a fixed set of molecular species damp out fairly rapidly.
ah sounds familiar
This will be appreciated by the non-native reader who is not familiar with the popularity of a certain proverb or saying.
More generally, a complete analysis of the relative concentration of different types of organic molecules might reveal a pattern that is biological even if that pattern does not involve any of the familiar biomolecules.
I suspect that this familiar ontological move is not always warranted.
we just moved to North Carolina from Oklahoma and i'm not yet familiar we're out in the country a little bit
Her re-creation of the magazine is a familiar tale: She inherited from Mr. Shawn--by way of Robert Gottlieb--a tired, unread weekly.
In any event, this book is well known to all who are familiar with onomastic literature, as, indeed, are other works by George Stewart, American Place-Names and Names on the Globe (reviewed in VERBATIM by W.F.H.
I miss such documentation in Wilkinson's book: the only indication we have, from How to use the book, is in a vague mention of Heywood, Ray, OED, ODEP , Apperson, and Skeat's 1895 edition of Chaucer--vague because the average user of this book may not be familiar with these cryptic references, and no bibliographic details are provided.
A familiar example: reasoning that in terms of job duties the sex or gender of the person who passes peanuts on an airplane is unimportant, editors of the Handbook of Nonsexist Language propose flight attendant rather than steward/stewardess and oppose gratuitous regendering of job titles ( female flight attendant ). (A court case notes a male purser and a female stewardess with identical job descriptions, but different salary scales.)
Ironically, it also touches on an important aspect of native culture, for nicknaming has long been a familiar custom--and even a cherished tradition--among North American tribes.
Slavin's uncluttered, room-temperature prose renders the monstrous familiar, even beautiful" (Charles Taylor, the New York Times Book Review ). Others note that "[i]t seems to be a common, almost universal, tactic in American literature to depict the suburbs as a duplicitous world where a safe, materialistic, blandly cheerful surface conceals a dark secret life" and that the stories' predictable outlandishness verges on becoming "precious" (Judy Budnitz, the Village Voice ). Or as Kirkus Reviews writes, "Slavin has a warped sense of humor and enjoys rubbing the reader's nose in it."
The morphemes are rather familiar, but overall we cannot place them: harquisade (a variety of tree with glass foliage), marathaxus (a scale from the body of the demon Sadlark).
And which of our own mountains is more familiar to us than the cone of Mount Fuji?
Yes, there's the familiar 56-game hitting streak.
My grade-school art teacher, Mrs. Cook, was apparently familiar with the phenomenon.
And that is precisely the problem with these sorts of catch-all books, with entries often written as hack work by writers who are not terribly familiar with the subject.
Reporting on things seen and heard while globe-trotting, with a bit of opinion thrown in, works well in Friedman's biweekly Times column, but a book needs to do more than endorse the wisdom of others--especially if the wisdom is as familiar and widely accepted as that of Robert Hormats of Goldman Sachs and Lawrence Summers of the Treasury Department.
As a comedy writer, I'm sure you must be familiar with Moesha's (there I go again) sitcom work.
Similar excrescences include: preplanning and its business familiar, advance planning (when the heck else are you going to plan something--after the fact?)
The original Flag (1954-1955)--which is a representation of the familiar red, white, and blue, 48-starred item--first attracted attention in 1957, when it was displayed in a group show at the Leo Castelli Gallery.
He has to be familiar (and competent) enough to keep viewers satisfied, but also distinct (and flawed) enough that when the star returns, everyone remembers exactly why they love him so.
However, dropping umlauts is less forgivable than dropping accents, because accents describe pronunciation, and anyone who is familiar with the word will know how it is supposed to be pronounced, regardless of the accent.
The capital, Peking , now familiar to most in the West in its more accurate form, Beijing , has a name meaning northern capital, by contrast with Nanking , southern capital.
Considering the political climate the world over and the political individuals who make certain that into each life a little rain must fall, it would behoove all of us to become familiar with the quotations in this book, most of which seem apt at the moment:
From The Boys From Brazil (Auschwitz doctor Josef Mengele, alive and well and cloning Hitlers at a secret lab in the Brazilian Amazon) to Jurassic Park (Richard Attenborough alive and well and cloning velociraptors), Wells' basic formula has become familiar: an island; a Frankensteinian experiment; a Faustian scientist; something gone terribly, terribly wrong.
Today it is used occasionally in affected, familiar speech: Yes, I know, duckie, exactly how you felt, here being in place of dear or darling .
rehashes familiar complaints about the agency: The crime lab is a mess; Director Louis Freeh is a bully; and the bureau flubbed the Aldrich Ames, Ruby Ridge, and Richard Jewell cases.
But while the story of these ads is mainly one of a desperate grab for market share and brand identity via the familiar techniques of jittery cameras, hyperbolic humor, and some measure of association with that ineffable quality we now call "extreme-ness," the most interesting new Internet ad campaign offers none of these.
A familiar noun provides the model for variation, usually because it contains a memorable ending.
uh not familiar with it
trying to select a spot i've even done some uh tube fishing are you familiar with that
For if there is a deep theme in News of a Kidnapping , it is the same as in some of his other writings: the theme of a narrow, remote provincial life, quaint and familiar (as it feels in the Spanish original), in which the quaintness has somehow blossomed into something horrific.
uh put the data into Quicken i don't know if you're familiar with that
as the you know news articles or whatever they had they had already been familiar with
They are so lonely, our dying cities,specks on the vast familiar map that looks like a side of beef,in boldface or marked with a circled dot,ringed by their beltways, linked into nameless constellations by the interstates.Some are red giants, spreading and cooling in the smoggy dusk,others dwarfs with dense shrunken coresor black holes so involuted they swallow the light around them.
oh oh no i don't know i'm not familiar with that no
It concluded, "As Japan's politicians continue to posture in much the same old familiar ways, the economy is at last beginning to be restructured from the bottom up."
that's right about two months ago Omni Magazine which is a a science magazine are you familiar with that read an article um really restating some conclusions of some some uh
Sterling Eisiminger, whose name may be familiar to VERBATIM readers as a contributor, has compiled several hundred quizzes that will undoubtedly boggle the minds of some.
yeah i i'm not familiar which which Billy Crystal movie
For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package, I should explain (with what I hope is merciful brevity) that when you buy what is fondly called a “personal” computer, you get three pieces of equipment (though they may be combined in some models or makes): a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back, which is the computer; a monitor, which is a small TV set without the usual buttons; and a keyboard, which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but, in many models sold today, has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters.
okay um what baseball team are you familiar with
Those familiar with Safire's editorial style, reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off: I cannot put my finger on why, but “On Language” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute.
they did uh they got rid of a lot of familiar names and got a lot of names in that we weren't weren't familiar with
There is also an argument that the familiar process of voting in person serves a civic purpose.
i'm relative relatively familiar with Texas school system and we should teach Spanish at least in uh grammar school you know four or five grades of it so that we can speak Spanish i think that helps
Once the interview began, this ideal FW would seem as familiar as an old friend, so that the INF always spoke in everyday terms instead of bookish formal ones.
yeah i'm not too familiar with Thelma and Louise uh uh uh uh recently i i've seen uh the Fisher King have you seen that
The familiar pennies, halfpennies, sixpences, half-crowns, florins, etc., in circulation were replaced by New Pence.
so i don't i don't know if you're familiar with him or not
are you familiar with that at all
In consequence, because the familiar live by the sweat of our brows means work hard for a living (no longer entailing the sort of physical effort that cause sweating), we are prepared to conclude that the Jan Morris clone means work hard for a living by authorship .
The main point of Schor's previous book, The Overworked American (which can be adduced from the title), was less familiar than her main point here.
The masthead is printed upside down at the bottom, alerting you to the message that modern design--from toothbrushes to Web pages--aims to catch your eye with "the shock of the familiar."
are you familiar with what i'm talking about there were like huh
But although the sequence achieves near perfection in prosodic matching, the grammar is hardly Fry's: turning is more plausibly active than passive, with for in its familiar support-oriented role, in favor of.
yeah that sounds familiar too my husband hates to see me get the painting bug because he says i'm i make a a terrible mess and i guess i do but um
(It might actually be a good thing if academic economists spent more time educating the world about familiar truths and less time chasing the latest intellectual trend.)
i'm not really all that familiar i never was a Vietnam buff i'm not all that familiar with the beginning of it
Those who are not intimately familiar, from listening to them on radio and television, with how specific British politicians and entertainers of the decades since WWII sound may find themselves at sea in the rather detailed descriptions (chapters six and seven) of their pronunciations and their effects, good and bad, on the British public.
and uh he uh he had one where this guy was a Civil War soldier and and uh made some trips to Mars and stuff i thought it was really interesting plus i i liked Pierce Anthony uh the one about uh Zanth i don't know if you're familiar with that
” Fxxx 'em all, fxxx 'em all,/The long and the short and the tall [Opening lines of a familiar song.
several generations back that i am familiar with their names and how they fit into the family they were all they were all born here
Sound familiar?"
started school at Cistercian school up in Irving you might be familiar with it since you're from the general location it's a boys school well anyway uh one of the persons in the car pool
Never mind that the Oxford English Dictionary documents the word's use since the fifteenth century or that it is familiar all over the English-speaking world.
i might be mistaken but that's what sounds familiar to me
If you remember the issues floated by the Clinton re-election campaign--gun control for deadbeat dads, for example--the tone will be familiar.
i'm not real familiar with down there i've been down there to the Sundance Square when i first uh moved back here i met my sister-in-law sister-in-law down there and uh
"I was always doing things over again in my life," she reiterates, as if to reassure readers that she knows the territory looks familiar.
A pattern emerges here: the words that are written with nonstandard spellings are generally short words which carry little essential meaning and which are repeated often enough for readers to become familiar with them.
that the name the the title sounds familiar i'm trying to think
The power of the hormones that govern this bonding is familiar to anyone who has watched a woman clutch her just-born child and turn into a love-drunk cuddle-bunny.
okay are you familiar with um step or bench aerobics
Did Stevenson speak with any of the fans with whose hopes he claimed to be so familiar?
yeah um i i don't i'm not familiar with that pear tree uh but it's a non bearing pear is that right yeah
In her autobiographical first novel The Romance Reader , she told the familiar (to Roth or Chaim Potok readers) tale of being forced out of her sect by her own intellectual and sexual curiosity.
sounds vaguely familiar
Walcott's faith, as expressed in The Bounty , is finally a painter's faith, that the poet's job is "to write of the light's bounty on familiar things."
Sound familiar?
and i don't know if your familiar with the um the California coastline but we're we're about two hours about a two hour drive south of San Francisco
Pans go to the routine, which lacks the requisite "free-associative lunatic spirit" (Jan Stuart, the Chicago Sun-Times ). The Washington Post 's Tom Shales calls Seinfeld "stiff" and the material "painfully familiar."
yeah i uh i'm i'm familiar with the Reds myself we lived out there in Dayton for three years so we used to root from the line i don't know they got a pretty good team but i see i kind of think the Braves are the gonna ones be the ones to go places this year
um-hum and i'm not real familiar with uh anything that i in fact the far as i know the school doesn't have any kind of programs or anything out here and uh or the grocery story or anything in this area yeah
If enough customers become familiar with the way stores deal with grocery grazers, perhaps these pilferers can be "encouraged" to cut it out.
uh-huh i think your voice sounds familiar
In some cases, Skeat's irritation stemmed from a reader's failure either to read correspondence that had been published decades earlier or to be intimately familiar with every last syllable of Skeat's seven-volume work on Chaucer.
and um he's in the Herman Method of Reading i don't know if you're familiar with that it is something new and basically what they do is they start right from the beginning relearning the sounds of letters
Is this beginning to sound familiar?
yeah i uh yeah i suggest you latch onto it you know uh i was just trying to think that uh i can suggest something to you you might look at are you familiar with Crutchfield
Now things have settled out, along binary lines that are all too familiar.
you know there they've got one that they call a cafeteria plan i don't know whether you're familiar with that or not
The spot ends with the Nike slogan that is now as familiar as the swoosh.
now that one i'm not familiar with
If the detail about the inspectors seems familiar, that's because yesterday's USAT and LAT said they'd been agreed to, whereas yesterday's NYT said merely that Milosevic appeared ready to accept a monitoring force.
research the problem from the point of view of uh uh what appears to be working best and how you can explain it theoretically you may be familiar with cooperative learning
A white-haired man with olive skin and tattered clothes limped into Met Food and panhandled the clerk, one I recognized, her face mild and familiar as bread.
so um so i'm pretty familiar with
Chatterbox has learned that Monica Lewinsky's mother, Marcia Lewis, used certain familiar epithets to describe her husband, Bernard, when she divorced him back in the late 1980s.
oh are you so you're right familiar with all that i bet
Someone less familiar with the L.A.
the case in my situation so i use the the little spread sheets for that i i i don't know actually i think most people who are in the series are a little bit familiar with computers but if you're not let me know and i will give more explanation
As with any reference book, its users must become familiar with its organization of information before being able to derive its benefits; still, this arrangement takes some getting used to.
i haven't really the only day cares that i have been familiar with are the ones that are local here with the churches and they seem to
This story has some familiar elements that could give it legs: phony paperwork to disguise weapons' true destinations and colorful characters crossing back and forth between private deal-making and government-sanctioned covert operations.
and it's familiar
Newsweek 's cover story on Slobodan Milosevic, "The Face of Evil," recites the now familiar story of how he co-opted Serb nationalism to fuel his own rise to power.
no it's it's the the ones that i'm familiar with are are basically
[Liman] does not merely appropriate the familiar, he takes it by storm."
um and then there's another one out let me see off of one twenty one coming up pretty soon so i like to watch things that are close uh by to see if there's any names that are familiar with Texas
(Indeed, even the occasional market manipulation by big speculators wouldn't be possible if it weren't for the possibility of generating a panic among other investors; it is a familiar point in the academic literature that Hong Kong-type speculative plays can work only if the economy is vulnerable to self-fulfilling crisis in the first place.)
and that's hard you know uh i'm sure you're familiar with TI up here
Amy's View , the best of the recent works to show up here, is a more familiar and successful exercise.
oh yes i'm very familiar with it very beautiful place
A long story on Robert Kennedy's 10 children rehashes their familiar troubles (Joe's divorce, Michael's babysitter affair, etc.).
So I have to change my route and drive right past The old familiar places.
right is that what it was meant to do but as you say they were paid and i'm not all that familiar with the Peace Corps although i have friends who have family members that are in it and um
Ask an older inhabitant for his or her age and you may well get the familiar reply, As old as my little finger and a bit older than my teeth.
At Buy Buy Baby, the suburban Washington store with which I'm most familiar, the Wall of Death rises 16 feet into the air and stretches 10 feet wide, and every inch of the wall is covered with child safety products, some of which are absolutely useless and most of which I have bought.
the well when they found the uh the airplanes out in the Atlantic thinking they were Flight Nineteen and i don't know if you are familiar with that at all but it's uh Flight Nineteen was one of the uh
Like Russian scholars obsessed with the mistakes of the Kerensky government, they keep going over the familiar story, wondering if things might somehow have turned out differently.
uh-huh sure i'm familiar with it
He gives extra humor and zest to the erstwhile lover's goodbye by wrapping it in a familiar set phrase.
i was gonna ask next how she was familiar with where everyone was
This is familiar Brooksian territory: impotence prolonged and stylized until it turns into Theater of the Absurd.
yeah they sound familiar i probably saw parts of those you know a lot of times i'll watch i'll start watching a movie and i'm tired and it next thing you know it's it's especially if there's commercial in it
Sound familiar?
well i thought i'd you know i'd use it as a a escapement type thing i don't know if you're familiar with that operation but what you do is you just build up the pressure
But with the initial riffle through the pages of The F Word, noting the different typefaces that designate parts of speech, definition, date of origin, source, examples, it becomes evident that this word is the great workhorse, an old familiar in The Life, and indeed deserving.
that was made in nineteen nineteen sixty nine starred Maggie Smith who's really one of my all time favorite actresses i don't know if you're if you're familiar familiar with her
By now, we're all familiar with the avalanche of dot-com advertising that buried us last year, boosting the revenues of both Madison Avenue and the TV networks while bringing more than a few Internet companies to the verge of nonexistence (since they burned huge amounts of cash in just a few months).
yeah i'm not very familiar with with the the state of their agriculture agriculture
A very large percentage of quiz shows consist of testing the participants' abilities to recognize familiar things, like identifying the pattern K--K --- ---K-- as kick the bucket before too many letters have been exposed.
uh-huh i hear that they that in at least in the system that's going out um in California where that i'm familiar with that they do put families on the same schedule
Until a decade or so ago it was spelt brahmin , which is now given as an alternate spelling, and has survived in such expressions of common occurrence as Boston Brahmins . While every literate American may not be familiar with the expression, those who are will know that a Boston Brahmin refers to the aristocrats or first families of Boston such as the Cabots and the Lodges.
and uh my daughter plays basketball you wouldn't know it would you from this conversation i'm familiar with the Teddy Bears and they're my favorite
But the more successfully a comic does this, the more familiar his point of view becomes.
The verb probably came to his attention through Johnson's Dictionary , with which both Adams and his wife, Abigail, were familiar.
Unfortunately, the presentation of his linguistic argument, where the author is clearly treading on more speculative ground than in those parts dealing with outright archaeology, where he is on more familiar territory, is disorganized and repetitious.
I hope everyone is familiar with The Meaning of Liff, by Douglas Adams and John Lloyd (1983).
The judge is but another lawyer, seldom one of the more erudite, and he might be more amenable to the old familiar tunes than to start minimalism, however pure or precise.
To better understand attitudes toward the English spoken in the UK one must be familiar with the term Received Pronunciation (RP), which the author describes as:
As a college student familiar with all the latest urban lingo, I believe the proper term to be used in these contexts is "boink."
First, the words used by the Aborigines were seldom as attractive to the colonists as descriptive English names that emphasised the perceived resemblance between the new and the known and familiar, and so made for more certain communication.
The paper's pollsters found that those surveyed were not that antecedently familiar with the issue, which the LAT attributes to the low-level, thus far, of television advertising about it.
It is just as familiar and soporific as Sensenbrenner's presentation.
Sound familiar?
But the LAT quotes one "lawyer familiar with the matter" as saying that this is indeed the phrase he's heard mentioned by "folks at the White House."
And indeed, there's something almost cinematic in the similar poses of the dancers as they adjust their shoes, like Eadweard Muybridge's freeze frames of bodies in motion, with which Degas was familiar.
He delivers an upbeat, Peggy Noonan-esque speech on his already familiar theme of "prosperity with a purpose."
And Thomas concludes that Sacks succeeds for all the familiar Sacks reasons: Because he shows "how patients who are truly isolated and insulated by a disease can retain their humanity, their dignity."
Music is a form of extracurricular activity that Mrs. Portnoys approve of, and the atmosphere at this school would be familiar to earlier generations of American Jews.
And there are substantial lists of the names of trees— jarrah, karri, mallett, marri, tuart , and wandoo —and of animals— chuditch, dalgite, dunnart, kumarl, nool-benger , and numbat —that are familiar at least in the west.
Like a thinking man's Johnny Apple, he surveys various Kennedy and Johnson hacks--even tracking down that familiar standby, the unnamed "Washington veteran"--and reaps a harvest of self-congratulatory harrumphing along the lines of "I come from an era when loyalty and gratitude were regally honored," not like these young whippersnappers, etc.
) I have recently deliberately begun to use variations of "kick ass" and "bites X in the ass" because they are colorful, evocative phrases; because, thanks to South Park , ass references are newly familiar and hilarious and because they don't evoke particularly vivid mental images of asses any longer.
To me, they are the quintessential good bad movies, because while seldom subtle or artful, they are capable of recreating a familiar and utterly compelling world.
Making no concessions for the uninformed, the spot assumes viewers are familiar with its principal players and references.
The details of the Oregon shootings are, in the words of the WP , "disturbingly familiar": a kid well-known for trouble acts out prior threats via his access to tremendous firepower.
As K was thinking this through, though, the line of reasoning started to seem familiar.
The writer is familiar with what Behre has been telling Tripp and calls him by his first name, which might suggest Tripp (or perhaps Lewinsky, who has been discussing Tripp's legal strategy with her) is the author.
There is, however, an expedient familiar to conjurers as “changing a card,” which, with a little modification, is extensively used by the cardsharping fraternity under the name of “second dealing.”
Critics bemoan the absence of songs in this latest film depiction of the romance between British widow Anna Leonowens and King Mongkut of Siam, familiar to most viewers through the musical The King and I . Critics contend that leads Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat have weak chemistry and that the film is "a luxuriant, lumbering behemoth … pleasant, occasionally amusing--and often dull" (Andy Seiler, USA Today ). Roger Ebert gives a surprisingly harsh review: "It is an exotic escapist entertainment for matinee ladies, who can fantasize about sex with that intriguing bald monster and indulge their harem fantasies" (the Chicago Sun-Times ). Jay Carr of the Boston Globe dissents from the pack, calling the film "a lot more than The King and I minus Rodgers's and Hammerstein's music.
And a now eerily familiar phrase--one that seems unlikely to be spoken spontaneously--recurs in the Los Angeles Times story.
Differences of a more serious nature occur when definers use words less familiar than the entry being defined: roasting-jack for “mechanical spit”; tenuity for “thinness”; invest for “award” are a few examples.
Dixie Rising 's account of the South's political rise covers more familiar ground: massive population shifts toward the Sun Belt that have tipped the electoral balance; the adoption by the Republican Party of Southern political stances, most of them rooted in a visceral hatred of government; and the ascent to power of a Southern president, vice president, House speaker, Senate majority leader and majority whip, and GOP chairman.
Those who like the show call it "immensely enjoyable" (Jess Cagle, Entertainment Weekly ) and say it "takes a new bead on the familiar old target and hits the bull's-eye with ease" (Richard Zoglin, Time ). Those who don't like it say that the new version (expurgated of several un-PC songs) is an uneasy mix of '40s and '90s sensibilities and falls flat.
' Two other good examples are Juggernaut `unstoppable destructive force: or object,' which derives from jagannath , and kedgeree `cooked dish of rice, lentils, and spices,' which derives from khicri or khicari . The familiar cot and dungaree are close to their Hindi predecessors in pronunciation, though not in spelling; they derive, respectively, from khat and dungri .
According to the USAT account, some of the Iraq scenario is quite familiar: A dire threat to Saddam (this time issued by Secretary of Defense Cohen), President Clinton conferring with national security staff and several foreign leaders, and talk of Tomahawk cruise missiles as the likely weapon.
But it does say E = mc² ; the version with the capital M and C is, essentially, meaningless to those familiar with the conventional symbolism used in physics.
Critics call it "richer and more profoundly disturbing than Anne Frank's journals" (Jesse Birnbaum, Time ). Peter Gay writes in the New York Times Book Review that "even the reader familiar with Holocaust material must be gripped by these pages" and that the book has a "concrete, vivid power that is, and I think will remain, unsurpassed."
They belong to a familiar star--Tom Hanks--but everything that follows is alien.
There are 23,163 items listed; those who argue about the size of native speakers vocabularies would be hard put to find any words or phrases that are not familiar and could very likely extend the list without difficulty.
And the Times is aware of how sadly routine such events have become, referring to the episode's "familiar agony," and reporting that "fifteen suicide bombers have struck in Israel over the last three and a half years, killing at least 140 people and wounding hundreds."
The problem stems in no small part from the fact that--as usual--by the time the manual is written, the programmers are so familiar with the terminology they have been using while writing the programs that they lose sight of the users' ignorance.
Still life--the portrayal of familiar inanimate objects--is, as the name suggests, a paradoxical genre.
Despite all the budget euphoria swirling about, business writer Allan Sloan uses his WP column to point out a familiar but forgotten fact: There is no surplus if you eschew "fedmath" and instead calculate assets and liabilities the way a business does, i.e., not letting the government's pension system, Social Security, be used to draw down the deficit.
Rotary phones have the familiar dial, with a circular motion and finger holes.
To get started on this major project I've been looking at Michael Shapiro's The Sense of Grammar: Language as Semeiotic (Indiana, 1983), and a rather more interesting effort, one with which you may be familiar, Robert Lord's Words: A Hermeneutical Approach to the Study of Language (University Press of America, 1996), and would be most appreciative of any suggestions on the work being done by those who are having second thoughts about the use of that apparently promising source of linguistic data known as The Corpus.
As his ideas grew familiar and then stale, he found no way to complicate them, develop them, or move on to something else.
According to the Times story, which was attributed to "lawyers familiar with her account," Clinton summoned Currie to the White House Sunday, Jan.
In Corpus Christi , the disciple characters are thinly sketched versions of familiar clichés: the taciturn hairdresser, the buff male hustler, the yuppie lawyer.
The Turkish earthquake of August 17 and its disastrously bungled relief effort--the official death toll now stands at 17,997 --is a depressingly familiar story.
Presumably, everyone in Washington is familiar with that picture; but since my correspondents obviously weren't, let me trace out the basics.
Here and elsewhere in the two novels we find a shuttling between familiar and formal verb forms ( Digame/Tienes ) that certainly happens in Spanish, as it did in Elizabethan English as evidenced in King Henry IV, Part II, Act II, Scene IV:
In the biographical sections, which occur at random, she repeats the familiar stories, though in a highly sanitized form.
Sound familiar?
In the rhetoric of American nationalism, the metaphor of the chosen people, of the substitution of Americans for Jews, recurs as a familiar trope.
And during this conversation, he approached you and asked if you had read or were familiar with some comments that he had quoted in the paper, and those were Mr. Buckingham's comments.
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book, recently published in Britain, that is typical of the harsher brand of such works.
This book is a good introduction to the subject (in England); those familiar with dialectology in America, and those interested in the study in England or, indeed, generally would be well advised to add Word Maps to their libraries.
And, of course, the goal of this, uh, these sessions was to help individuals to become more familiar with uh, some of the uh, concerns and problems that uh, they may have due to language uh, new country and ability to uh, interpret what's happening around them.
An observer familiar with the reconfiguration debate who requested anonymity wondered why Dudovitz had not spent more time mending fences.
The words of this familiar hymn have echoed through churches all across the globe for over 200years.
um i've been reading a book by Kenneth Cooper i don't know if you're familiar are familiar with him
If you’re not familiar with baseball’s finer points, most fans in the friendly, vociferous, 34,000-strong crowd would love to talk you through them.
. . his body is beautiful, athletic, warm and welcoming . . . his mouth softly moving, thrilling, familiar . . . his baseball hands, his football legs . . I realize now that I wasn't jealous of him because Dad liked him best, but of my dad because Blake liked him more than me . . . Dad sees us kissing and me lying on top, getting ready to fuck . . .maybe it's Blake on top . . . he tells Mom . . . she tells him it's ok.
The fear of mal ojo also indicates that mothers and other adults are distrusting of a person who acts in a more familiar way than is culturally appropriate.
Americans, familiar with the Jewish yarmulke or even the Sufi turban, have a hard time understanding why these two states would find this harmless religious practice improper.
It's got clicks and it just doesn't sound like anything that is even, that we are even familiar with.
But activity in their brains—measured through a network of electrodes placed on the scalp—is similar whether the face is familiar (for example, mom) or strange.
You are all too familiar with Indiana's budget pinch and the pressures on state government to cut expenditures.
We took a fresh look at this animal to describe in familiar terms the sequence of events during its development.
i don't know i'm not all that familiar with her work
The familiar and less familiar company names — such as Taylor, Osborne, and Ramos Pinto — appear painted in white and neon signs on the roofs.
Hence the number of possible proteins of length does its now familiar hyperastronomical combinatorial explosion to or . The universe can have managed to make to the of these at the Planck timescale.
For external beam radiotherapy, the generalized BED model reduces to the familiar equation:
that's true that's true they uh in in fact uh also i don't know if you're familiar with the Japanese method of of dealing with crimes
The smaller stuff is inside, including the Indian currency of beads, wampum (black-and-white shells), and beaver pelts and blankets, as well as the more familiar coinage and paper currency from colonial to modern times.
The quite familiar, utterly astonishing feature of autonomous agents = E.
There were three Bests for Full Sail ESB , which most of the tasters later said they weren't familiar with, and 2.5 for Redhook IPA , which all the tasters knew.
A group of researchers in Indonesia, for example, recently told a depressingly familiar story of trying to search the medical literature in preparation for a research project [2]; access barriers got in their way.
yeah well the the chances are these are all all things they're very familiar with and just the chance to have some entertainment and some some variety in their life
The casinos offer familiar international games — baccarat, blackjack, boule, craps, roulette — along with more exotic Chinese pastimes.
Presumably, when life started there was a modest variety of a few tens to a few hundreds of organic molecular species  methane, hydrogen, cyanide, the familiar list.
His performance adds little to his script, and his script adds little to the subject, arriving mostly at familiar platitudes about Israel.
This approach to assessment may be quite distinct from familiar history taking and physical examination techniques.
but it's so i'm familiar with that but i think you're very clever to um sew around the edges i think gluing alone
For the first-time visitor, France will seem at once delightfully different and comfortably familiar, a country of exciting and infinitely attractive contrasts.
By removing familiar elements such as coping strips, fascias, and trim, he accentuates the sculptural quality of his buildings.
The NYT describes the move as an "intelligence bonanza" for the U.S., pointing out that the ambassador was familiar with his government's sales of missiles and other arms to Egypt, Syria and Iran.
I will refer to these algorithms as CYK/inside and CYK/outside (or just inside and outside), but readers familiar with SCFG algorithms should not confuse them with the SCFG Inside and Outside algorithms [ 43 44 ] which sum over all possible parse trees rather than finding one optimal parse tree.
uh i've uh follow it especially around the play-offs so course i was real familiar with the Utah Jazz and
The familiar boot-like silhouette stretches 1,200 km (850 miles) from the northwest Alpine frontier, with France to the southeast “heel” of Puglia.
For an N particle system, this is the familiar N-dimensional phase space.
Some familiar phrases--such as go to work on --are plain idioms with no cultural overtones.
Banihammad, who was from the UAE, was familiar with the country's procedures and helped Hawsawi complete his account application.
well i no i'm not familiar with those homes per se but um they were in the area where i live
The fine arabesque and floral frescoes are the work of local Indian artists who excelled at the themes wholly familiar to them — this in contrast with their efforts to paint portraits of the saints, with whose images they were, despite the hard work of the missionaries, perhaps not as much at home.
The first age was the Age of the Earth Sun, and the god was Tezcatlipoca, whose familiar animal was the jaguar.
The high-dudgeon Vidal offers personal anecdotes (Abigail Thernstrom, at a dinner party, defended the police in the Rodney King beating) and rehashes familiar arguments for affirmative action.
Cold War adversaries used very hierarchical, familiar, and predictable military command and control methods.
and uh she just would get them real cheap and stuff and send them over but she she is quite familiar with
Peking opera is the version most familiar to Westerners, but other regions have their own variants.
Many Chicanos, who may not have known the appellation pelado, nonetheless became familiar with the comic vagabond through Mexican films.
Otherwise, the dictionary presents itself in fairly standard, familiar fashion, with the sort of labeling and cross-referencing that one expects in a quality product.
As a tech-savvy non-physician intimately familiar with both the inner workings of medical care and the power of information technology systems to create effective online communities, John Lester was less proprietary than most physicians are about medicine's proper professional “turf.”
and then finally found some one somewhere that was familiar with it probably lived in the North
And yet, despite the flocks of familiar French automobiles with yellow headlights, the francs and centimes, the gendarmes, cafés, and just-like-Paris little shops, you’ll sense immediately that this is not, nor could it ever be, metropolitan France.
The sizes of statistical fluctuations familiar from statistical physics scale as the square root of the number of particles, N. Consider tossing a fair coin 10,000 times.
The term familiar to me from my sailing days is Shock Cord, for it is often used to relieve the strain on a mooring or anchor line.
In the survey mentioned previously, 83% of respondents indicated that they had no prior training in screening or detection of alcohol problems, and more than 75% were not familiar with any of the commonly used alcohol screening questionnaires, such as the CAGE or MAST.
The names of persons and places in the narrative will be familiar to the audience.
are you familiar with what a Serger is uh the Serger sewing machine
(I'm sure you're familiar with Leo Steinberg's book on the subject.)
She becomes familiar with people who have been in court over and over.
Consider the number of possible proteins of length . That is, we consider proteins made of the familiar kinds of standard encoded amino acids and, thus, linear chains of such amino acids.
are you familiar with i guess or do you have a favorite team i guess
Copper" and his company in manipulating prices has apparently been common knowledge for years among everyone familiar with the copper market.
This mechanism is familiar in nature, analogous steps being used in the TCA cycle, the ketoadipate pathway of lysine biosynthesis, and in leucine biosynthesis.
In this final phrase that, along with the opening “four score and seven years ago” has become the most familiar cadence of the address, Lincoln formulates an additional commitment of the postbellum era.
we don't have as many wild flowers here as there are down toward Austin i use to go to school in San Marcus so i'm familiar with Austin and the area
For those who are unfamiliar with computers and the need for a word-processing package, I should explain that when you buy what is fondly call a “personal” computer, you get three pieces of equipment (though they may be combined in some models or makes): a rectangular box with some slots in the front and sockets in the back, a monitor, which is nothing but a small TV set, and a keyboard, which looks like an ordinary typewriter keyboard but, in many models sold today, has a number of additional keys alongside those for the familiar alphanumeric characters: on mine, nestled among some control keys on the right side is what is called a “number pad,” which resembles the key arrangement one sees on a small adding machine or calculator; on the left side is a double bank of five keys marked “F1” through “F10” which, when pressed alone or in combination with another key, perform certain functions, some of which are useful, others of which are evidently thought useful by the manufacturer but which I never use.
The relationship between an SCFG and a covariance model is analogous to the relationship of hidden Markov models (HMMs) and profile HMMs for modeling multiple sequence alignments [ 18 19 24 ] . A comparison may be instructive to readers familiar with profile HMMs.
The practice of reusing objects that have lost their original purpose, such as kitchen pitchers and pots, is a means of keeping something familiar, something associated with a memory, alive and finding a new use for it.
well pretty pretty familiar with we moved here about six months ago or a year ago so i'm pretty familiar with the Mavericks
Several languages of Southern Africa employ familiar non-alphabetic symbols, like ! and # to indicate the unusual click sounds.
Most are Mixtecs, a people familiar with injustice toward Indians in their native country.
A familiar example would be a pole standing vertically on an horizontal slab on the earth’s surface.
there how was i'm wondering i'm really not that familiar i know there're some good places to go camping along the uh the lakes
You'll find some familiar voices as well as some new ones in this issue.
In addition, these principles should be familiar to federal agency officials since they have been emphasized in much of the recent guidance pertaining to federal information security.
Gold is a yellow, malleable metal familiar to all of us.
well there's this uh there's this type kind of restaurant called a brew pub are you familiar with those
but they showed reruns of Dallas and it was great because i could turn it on and all of the people were very familiar to me and i'd seen all of the shows so i knew what was going on
the two cities are very very identical so if you were familiar with Atlanta
uh name the name sounds familiar
program that are you familiar with it
my famuel family's familiar with i enjoy that uh couple of hobbies that i also have is uh i enjoy i really enjoy bike riding
uh Greg uh i'm i'm not familiar i think uh you guys in Indiana don't you have the the death penalty
oh i'm not familiar well we live in Roy but we haven't is it on nineteen hundred
and some psychology so it's all working together the only field i'm not familiar with really is education which is required as well it requires about four or five different fields really
i'm familiar with Plano i visited once or twice
the name sounds familiar i'm sure if i heard some of his music i would know
no excuse i i'm not sure if i'm familiar with that or not
i don't really know i don't really know they they started after we moved down here and so i i'm not really familiar i just know that and my in-laws up in up in Oklahoma that's how they do you know they pick it up but i don't know if they get a
no i'm not familiar with it
there's another group called Gypsy Kings that i listen to that it's it's in Spanish but even if you don't understand it it sings a lot of stuff that that anybody's familiar with like you remember the song Volare well anyways
well the magazines that i subscribe to are i i'm i don't know if you're familiar is Better Homes and Gardens
yeah i have seen uh you know i'm not really that you know that familiar with it i am aware that that that Vista and uh yeah
yeah it yeah but you know i'm sure you're familiar with that living here we go we go through Enid you know quite a bit we go to Tulsa from time to time and my my parents live in southern Illinois so we drive up there and
yeah i have heard of him the name rings familiar i don't know why though
oh okay i'm not that much familiar with Texas we've been my family has been everywhere
i'm not sure i'm real familiar with the body style on that
it's it down there if you're um familiar with their politics
um are are you familiar with the Grace Commission
they had been doing it they started first in Sarasota City um you know which makes up a pretty small portion of the county actually and um they've got these i don't know what if you're familiar with Sarasota county at all
what is what is two thirty five housing i'm not familiar with that term here in Rhode Island
and you have to you know be familiar with the like there're so many different software packages
organization you know i'm i'm familiar with my instructor pilot was a
well i'm only a little bit familiar with the Red Sox because i lived up in Boston for a while
yeah when i was yeah in my young in my young single days i had a uh Turbocraft are you familiar with that
It's a familiar story: On Aug. 9, 1974, Nixon leaves Washington with a 24 percent public approval rating, facing a possible prison sentence; by Aug. 9, 1999, he has been transformed into a foreign-policy visionary, a domestic-policy liberal, and no worse a scoundrel than lots of other presidents.
sounds familiar huh your it's very fresh in your memory
The book itself--about "high-maintenance women" such as Amy Fisher and Sylvia Plath--is said by some reviewers to consist of inchoate fulminations on feminism and familiar rants on being single.
was comparing to corporate presidents and they said that in general generals are more familiar with training that they believe in training more
As well as all the expected first names, old and new, that appear in dictionaries of this type, he includes names that are more familiar from the Bible and literature than everyday life, so that his letter G , for instance, takes in Galahad and Ganymede and his letter P Pliny and Psyche , none of which appears in the other two books.
i guess i'm not real familiar with recycling because i've been in the army for twenty years so uh
He mentions, for example, names that honor persons, names that have a religious background, names that express ego gratification and toponymic habituation (in which familiar names from the homeland are adopted to make a place seem a little less strange), names which show evidence of discovery, etc.
yeah but uh most national league teams i'm pretty familiar with
Those dueling Greek painters return in a new guise, as Mario Merz, in the Zeuxis role, covers a glass table with an array of fresh vegetables and fruit, changed daily by a New York caterer ( Spiral Table , 1982), while Christo, playing Parrhasios, conceals the familiar Cézannesque shapes--wine bottle, vase, etc.--under a drapery of canvas ( Package on a Table , 1961).
i'm kind of familiar with the weather out that way in west Texas but not in not in Lewisville
As Jack Rawlins said, ...to make up words that carry just the right scent, that strike the reader as new and familiar simultaneously, is extremely challenging, and Vance is a master at it.
have you are you familiar with that yeah okay
A rude word is, of course, always a rude word, and the “right time” is somewhat arbitrary: it is not as though everyone is not familiar with the rude words; indeed, those who object to them the most are not likely to be in bed by nine o'clock.
yeah i think that they're i think that capital punishment is is is um in tact in Utah also i'm not really familiar with
Bush seemed to recognize this kind of contained riot as a familiar situation--a frat party gone slightly out of control.
so i did read and study about the Vietnam War though so i am pretty familiar you know i'm more familiar with it than
Anyway, best I can tell, EW claims this is the year for us to finally see some hot, new young stars have breakout performances, for some familiar faces to turn up in surprising roles, for a few unlikely onscreen couplings and more Matt Damon that anyone deserves.
um i don't know how familiar you are with that area of the country but
Kerr, are you familiar with the term "acting"?
um but it it it's interesting too i'm not terribly familiar with with
The piece echoes the familiar line that party members are a nut stew of United Nations haters, pot-legalizers, and campaign-finance reformers.
you're familiar with Martha Stewart her all of her culinary delights and it was it wasn't all that you know yummy and it it wasn't a lot to eat but it was interesting caramelized caramelized onions
Richard Bernstein praises the novel as "a funny, melancholy, romantic, disturbing, character-rich window on the war" (the New York Times ). But others complain that "the influences of Joseph Heller's classic Catch-22 and Louis de Bernières' recent Corelli's Mandolin are rather too blatantly present" and make the novel feel overly familiar.
i i don't know are you familiar with things that he's done in the past that have gotten quite a bit of attention
Although it is not documented in any dictionary that I checked, this usage is familiar to me as referring to the modest comments that publishers like Alfred A. Knopf once included on the last page of their books, for example (actually from a Random House title):
no i'm pretty familiar with with Dunleavy because he was an assistant at Milwaukee
And that Star item about Rosie O'Donnell opening her home to trick-or-treaters seemed awfully familiar, maybe because it had appeared in the New York Observer two weeks earlier.
now i'm not even familiar with what that where that is
Even monosyllabic words are not immune, as when a doctor's familiar words “say Aah,” while examining a patient's throat, came out in print as “say Haa.”
so i did read and study about the Vietnam War though so i am pretty familiar you know i'm more familiar with it than
(The juxtaposition is familiar enough, and reaches for the emotional energy of other battles between environmentalists and apparently impervious consumers.
and the third one was the Mammoth Hunters are they sounding familiar
In fact, the gross inequities and disastrous inefficiencies of imposing long, mandatory minimum sentences on nonviolent, low-level drug offenders are acknowledged by virtually everyone familiar with the criminal justice system who isn't running for office.
why does your voice sound familiar to me
The designers decided that the local people would like the school better if it had designs with which the people were familiar.
i live uh over in the Lake Highlands area if you're familiar with that area
In other words, detached from their familiar uses and manipulated on film, such objects could be animated, rendered flexible, and--in the sculptural sense--"plastic."
um that's a small yeah well it's next to Provo Utah i don't know if you're familiar with Utah at all but anyway
The image of Shepard dangling from the fence, still alive and bleeding, evokes two familiar images.
but i'm involved in this uh rotisserie league i don't know if you're familiar with those
Reading Tilton Talk always left Keeping Tabs with an unmistakably familiar feeling, until it finally came to her: Tilton has clearly been paying homage to the Larry King- USA Today school of column writing.
uh i don't know if you're familiar with them up here they call them the California closets they're wire uh uh basically they subdivide your closets into all sorts of little nooks and crannies
and they've uh established themselves with a work pattern an and the you know they're familiar to our
It's not as if these steps are unusual or bizarre; on the contrary, they're soothingly familiar.
probably some excellent benefits right now we have with Aetna and uh i don't know if you're familiar with them but we're real happy with them
This Valentine's Day, rather than the too familiar tokens of love--flowers, candy, betrayal, recriminations--why not order your gift from Country Supply Inc.
so i'm uh quite familiar with how it is up there and if you kind of interesting
"Perhaps that's because the public is more familiar with the Saddam issue," Bowman noted, "Kosovo is less clear-cut."
not familiar with that one
In the case of Diana, that relationship seems to have played itself out in familiar ways: People sought out photos of her in death--including spurious ones--because she was important to them.
well i think that you know brand name products that we've become familiar with have in most cases you know gotten better
This will not be a discussion of the science fiction (SF) dialect, which is certainly a legitimate one, given the millions of fans for whom blaster, phaser, warpdrive, cyborg and the like are familiar terms.
i'm not familiar with that
Those who like it say it's "a sweet, funny little movie" (Ansen, Newsweek ) and that "one finds oneself asking how such familiar material breeds contentment instead of contempt" (Richard Schickel, Time ). Critics also note that two great performances, by Shawn Hatosy as the kid and Alec Baldwin as his gruff dad, help lift the film above cliché.
uh somewhat they're not my favorite team i am uh somewhat familiar with them
Isaac Asimov, in his futuristic Foundation Trilogy novels, imagined a thickly settled universe where the familiar "24-hour day" is an accepted convention, presumably based on the rotation of humanity's planet of origin--but where no one remembers any longer what the original planet was.
um i've been reading a book by Kenneth Cooper i don't know if you're familiar are familiar with him
The sheer profusion of these two exhibitions, with their welcome mix of the familiar and the little-known, should prompt a much-needed reassessment of Corot's subtle art.
uh somewhere down in the Duncanville and Cedar Hill area are you familiar that
It is slang for chamberpot and, like jakes , could be the familiar variant of a proper name ( Jeremiah or Jeremy ).
i'm familiar with it
Closure has familiar applications in the realm of personal relationships.
um she asked if i i guess they went ahead and told you we're supposed to be talking about uh drug testing and what do we think about the policy of most companies and government agencies and of course that's something we're familiar with
The NYT makes it clear though that two other people familiar with Sunday's meeting say that Lewinsky made no significant change in her account.
uh i guess being here in Dallas are you familiar with the Rangers
And much of what he describes is dully familiar: There is a chimp Noam Chomsky and a chimp Liam Gallagher, and upper-class chimps read The New Yorker .
well if you i don't know how familiar you are with Maryland but uh especially the the center part of Maryland where i ninety five runs through it is really heavily populated
Lewinsky, as well as Tripp, would be familiar with the acronym, as would people in the White House who knew where Tripp had been placed following her transfer.
oh i was gonna say well my husband's from New Jersey and we lived there for five years when we first got married and so it sound kind of nice so was familiar your accent
The initial visuals are fuzzy and sweet, and ring newish variations on familiar themes of family and friends, companionship and security.
okay well you're familiar then very well with what's going on there
And karate's so familiar that you feel like you already know how to do it.
oh yes i'm familiar that now i'm familiar with the title i wasn't familiar with his with his name but
As we filed into the Map Room, familiar from the White House coffee videos, we were told that she would entertain questions that didn't have to do with the millennium toward the end of the hour.
yeah i'm familiar a little bit
! They'll cheer when the familiar John Williams fanfare erupts and the title-- Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace --rises out of the screen and the backward-slanted opening "crawl" begins: "A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away ..."
are you familiar with the Civilian Conservation Corps back in the thirties
Daniell's book, the first serious biography since J.F. Mozley's William Tyndale in 1937, travels familiar paths.
well sort of i'm an Air Force brat but i was real familiar with Texas i went to college here and everything
But faced with the possibility of a trial, he is falling back on his familiar tactics, and they aren't working.
yeah i'm not familiar with that sort of thing but
She phonetically wrote down the familiar chant NAM YOHO REN GAY KYO and said that by chanting it every day I'd manifest my wishes in the fourth dimension.
yeah well are you familiar with Don Henley at all
Brooks studs his familiar, sad-sack persona with hard shards of ruthlessness and opportunism.
and now it's for all employees they uh randomly select employee numbers and uh the day that they select you is when you have to go and and be tested so we're familiar with it
TNR 's cover story wonders why the media ignored the Clinton scandals during the campaign, and reaches familiar conclusions: White House pressure silenced criticism; journalists are liberal; press coverage is driven by candidates; and so on.
oh yes i'm familiar that now i'm familiar with the title i wasn't familiar with his with his name but
It would be strange to wish that he were more lovable, or honest, or familiar.
are part of it that you don't really like like uh making decisions on living wills and extended care that type of thing so yes i'm very familiar with it and it's not something that is uh
But the movie is still a delight, a fascinatingly strange and chaotic ballet set to familiar noir motifs.
uh i don't know if you're familiar with the Who they they have a song called Substitute
To us, as linguists, this is familiar and noncontroversial.
uh for a number of years but i actually they moved away from there with a daughter before they needed the final care i guess it had graduated levels of care or something in that facility i don't know if you're familiar with that or not it's in Southern California
The Dylan anecdote reminds me that the book is chock-a-block with excellent tidbits--some familiar, most not--and it would be unfair to let the week pass without sharing a few favorites:
right well i mean i i you know i'm pretty familiar with the story of Jim Morrison i mean i don't know everything about it but
Bland wealth of the suburbs,it's futile to keep despising it, I know,unfair to friends who have to live there--or else in slums--but sometimes its cultivated innocence feels like an assault.I don't want to join the country club because there are no parks.I don't want to leave my car in an underground garage,rise to the office, sink at the end of day,drive home unable to stop or roll down the windowstill I see the familiar guard in his gatepost waiting at the start of our street.
and i wanted to say something to you about Ross Perot are you familiar with the man
One familiar interpretation of KKR's success is that it illustrates the disciplining power of debt.
i'm not familiar with that one
The ads aren't effective for establishing a brand, but they may work with an already familiar icon (one of the first ads is a quick clip of a Master lock getting shot by a bullet).
huh i'm not familiar with what is it along the coast or
If the subject sounds familiar, it's because The New Yorker reported Underhill's findings in 1996 (the Wall Street Journal , Paula Throckmorton Zakaria).
oh well then you are familiar with it
Bob was all too familiar with the risks of infection, thanks to me, an inexperienced, haggard medical intern.
well i'm originally from uh Ohio Cincinnati so i'm familiar uh familiar with uh
If the Gore decision seems familiar, that's because Reno made it once before, but then reopened the investigation based on new evidence of Gore's attendance at some meetings where ultimately illegal approaches to fund-raising may have been discussed.
well well we're in the i don't know if you're familiar with the center complex
Until the budget cuts, the NEA gave awards in 17 categories corresponding to familiar disciplines in the fine arts.
oh i see we used to live out there in the San Jose area so uh you know i'm kind of familiar with the state of California and like it very much yeah
full of bravura moments and high-wire performances" ( Newsweek ), and Roger Ebert raves that "it contains some of [Scorsese's] most brilliant sequences" ( Chicago Sun-Times ). Overall, though, the reviews complain that the film feels too familiar and short on plot.
yeah i'm very familiar with the area
A few of the names on the so-called frontispiece are familiar, particularly that of Priscilla S. Taylor, consultant editor to the Editorial Eye (or to EEI, in Alexandria, Virginia) and editor of the Phi Beta Kappa Newsletter , a person of formidable qualifications and one whom I trust.
in that aspect uh as far as like now the new health bill that went through Minnesota uh being that it is their neighboring state and that i lived in Minnesota and more familiar with the politics that involved with that and that being passed
They're both familiar figures yet somewhat unknown quantities (Hillary as a candidate, Rudy as anything but mayor).
uh not not growing up familiar with here uh uh
The familiar story of the Trojan horse appears in Virgil's Aeneid : The horse, with armed men hidden inside, is presented by the Greek enemy to the besieged city of Troy, and brought within its walls.
well um yeah possibly um i'm not familiar with the laws in Texas but we've got a citywide recycling program here in Seattle that's um
Say "allies of Mr. Starr" and "lawyers familiar with Mr. Starr's plans" and so forth.
okay Dee are you familiar with the Latin American policies of late
' " Apparently unsettled by this effective one-two punch, McCain responded with a rambling compendium of his most familiar lines on the subject of campaign finance reform culminating in his repetition of his not very funny joke from last night about how Bush should get a better picture of McCain for the attack ads running in New Hampshire (which aren't in fact connected to the Bush campaign).
The report, like most others that have promoted the ground war option, contained the now familiar dampener that NATO still expects Milosevic to fall before a land invasion becomes necessary.
Obviously, outlet guards and rubber padding for low furniture (the "Coffee Tables of Death," with which most parents are familiar) are necessary, but the Wall of Death preys on parental fear.
Only Tripp had a clear interest in not seeming unduly familiar with him.
In this sense, Lukas' story may have been important as part of the struggle over the future of organized labor, but less so as a struggle over America's soul, at least when compared with the truly momentous Homestead and Pullman strikes of the 1890s, the Triangle Shirt Waist Co. fire of 1911, or any of the other more familiar set pieces of turn-of-the-century labor history.
Legend attributes it to a more or less imaginary eponymous founder Romulus , or, in a less familiar version, to a Trojan woman, Rhome (whose name is a Greek word for `strength').
The film is fun, but it's also thin, repetitive, and intoxicated with its own outrageousness, and it's as familiar in its leftist-paranoid way as an Oliver Stone picture.
Prudie is familiar with "outsiders" offering the advice that you should just fix it up.
Most of the examples above have been populated places, as these names tend to be more familiar to a broader audience.
It goes on to play with some well-known words and situate them in familiar Indian contexts, mentions the language's adaptability and resilience as borne out by its record of borrowings from such languages as Persian, Arabic, Tamil, and Sanskrit.
Bradley's ads, which are paid for by "hard" dollars, help get his name and message across to people who are not familiar with him.
The book preaches this now familiar creed to the multitudes; Shlaes uses folksy lingo and homespun anecdotes to give her message a warmly populist glow.
Great art, the critic implied, hews (comfortingly) to the familiar, but cultivates states of mind that (challengingly) make the familiar fresh.
kick the bucket die, for example, is probably known in all dialects of English; kick into touch curtail or postpone further treatment is unknown except to those familiar with British idiom.
Unlike Shatz, he is familiar enough with the discipline to know that it would be preposterous to do so.
you staring out from those bulging eyes asking frankly for my sympathy, yet timid, apologetic, only doing your job-- my familiar flying through rising fumes to drag me from my car.
It's the sort of non sequitur experience that's all too familiar to Web users.
The Post quotes the assessment of a congressional aide familiar with the tape: "devastating."
But anyone even vaguely familiar with the way the FCC works knows that it's drowning in "due process."
So previous terrorism-related Korea Air crashes and/or TWA 800 get trotted out, and the NYT wonders whether the aircrew was familiar with the Guam airport.
First, a newly prominent form of what is known as "sound symbolism" is crowding out some older ones in competition for a familiar piece of habitat.
In every other respect, however, critics find it numbingly familiar.
The shock was so great she found herself downing too much white wine (this was at lunch) as an antiseptic, since Prudie did not know the gentleman nearly well enough to be familiar with his health history.
I think the theory derives from the familiar prejudice against intelligence, which holds that people who are too smart must be limited in other ways.
Anglophones are speaking French to a greater extent at home and at work, creating a situation in which the French term becomes more familiar than the English.
One is tempted to envision Clark, “wired,” hanging about in gambling dens; but anyone familiar with the casinos around the world knows that those glittery palaces could scarcely be so characterized.
Strains of music, the words foreign yet familiar.
Your readers, treasuring punctilio the way we do, will have written you in hot numbers about the familiar solecism that slipped past author Bill Ramson and the copy editor who sits next to you: in Dharuk Words in English, XXIII, 1, 10], we find, Aboriginal language must have mitigated against borrowing.
The cover story makes grand but familiar observations about the Internet's impact on business.
The WP is much calmer--calling the Senate hearing "a familiar scene," and putting it on p.
Looking again at the poetry written between 1889 and 1914, one notices the scattered petals of familiar flowers, the secondhand imagery, the automatic despondency (far too much "ancient sorrow"), the druids, fairies, hermits, and witches.
If the number is familiar to you, this may help to decide which way you're going to play it.
Also, Slate is panned: "familiar names like Joe Queenan, Katha Pollitt, Wendy Kaminer, Louis Menand, Paul Berman, Nicholas Lemann--all-purpose oxygen depleters who wash up everywhere."
Those who are familiar with computers or do not want to know about them should skip to the next paragraph.
I lived David Galef's “Backwords and Newances” [XVI,2], but he certainly is not a techie (from technician, usually electronic technician `one familiar with and capable of dealing with technology')
As co-host of Crossfire for six and a half years (1989-1995), I am familiar with the rap: It's uncivilized, it's just show biz, it's not serious, you all talk at the same time, no one gets to finish a sentence, Pat Buchanan is a monster, Bob Novak is a monster, John Sununu makes me ill (and they hear similar complaints, apparently, about the liberal hosts).
As in the case of most of Partridge's books, the exception being Catch Phrases, which I didn't think much of, this dictionary [ CDS ] makes good browsing fodder and resembles the earlier books in style sufficiently to satisfy those familiar with the format.
Defenestration the act of throwing someone out of a window is probably too familiar to attract notice of how wacky it is, but what about the following?:
It is the side of Johnson that we are most familiar with, Johnson as the brilliant conniver, trying so diligently and without success to free himself from the spell of the Kennedys.
This road-cum-boxing movie starring Woody Harrelson and Antonio Banderas is both trite and strange: On one hand it "knocks the Rocky tradition on its ear by giving us two boxers to root for in the same match" (Joe Morgenstern, the Wall Street Journal ), but despite this departure from convention, it manages to include "an assembly of ancient and familiar prizefight clichés" (Roger Ebert, the Chicago Sun-Times ). Director Ron Shelton ( Bull Durham ) is a veteran of successful sports movies, but this one lacks the "off-the-wall larkiness" of his previous efforts (Jay Carr, the Boston Globe ). The film culminates in a gruesome fight between the two stars that leaves several critics bemoaning the confusion over whom to root for; others contend that the scene's emotional conflict works in its favor.
And Chatterbox cites Lapham's mention of "the Roman mob familiar with the expensive claques traipsing after the magnificence of the Emperor Nero."
In other instances, such as in his closing remarks, he simply recited familiar arias from his stump speech.
As befits the last day of a holiday weekend, the papers reheat and serve a smorgasbord of mostly familiar issues.
Wright is no doubt familiar with the wars of the chimpanzees at Gombe, which are much better interpreted as fights over territory than fights over females.
The first wave of publicity was of a familiar and negative type.
In reproduction, the flag picture is a familiar dadaist conundrum: something that is neither a flag nor a picture.
So it was probably inevitable that her life and music would turn into fodder for a cautionary parable about the counterculture, complete with the kind of lingering death that lends itself readily to familiar depictions of classical musicians' physical and mental illness.
The LAT emphasizes an aspect of Brazil's financial plight that should be familiar to American readers: the question of whether or not the National Congress has the will to pass it.
In a lawsuit, you are relying on established rights that the king had laid down; the jurors used to be 12 men from the community who were "familiar" with the subject and who, when shown or told what the statute said, could make a fair decision and resolve the controversy.
The allegation would have seemed bizarre if it hadn't been familiar: Two years earlier, coalition officials had accused another nonprofit of using "goon squads" of homeless men to roust other homeless people from ATM vestibules--charges later found to be groundless.
Of course it can't be read by those familiar with only Greek and Roman letters; nor can all the beautiful Chinese and Japanese characters in this exhibition, similarly reduced to abstract motifs by our inability to recognize what they say.
The company has actually been online since 1994, offering fee-based research, but the revamping marked Britannica's acknowledgement (one we  Slate sters are very familiar with) that the Web and fees don't go together well, and its hope that its brand was powerful enough to make an advertising business work.
For wrestling, or what is loosely called wrestling in the United States and Latin America, the people of the Southern Cone of South America went to the English catch-as-catchcan . If you are familiar with the difficulty Spanish speakers have with dentals and fricatives when these are not separated by vowels, you can understand that the task of producing a string of sounds like that tends to stop a conversation, if not the speaker.
That brings me to my second bias (hauntingly familiar to regular readers): Darwinism.
Alice Truax calls it "an excellent novel about enduring the banalities of ordinary life" ( The New Yorker ). Suzanne Berne in the New York Times Book Review agrees: "one of those rare, invigorating books that take an apparently familiar world and peer into it with ruthless intimacy, revealing a strange and startling place."
If you follow our Ongoing Epic, you become familiar with these characters, handy for making metaphors or making conversation with your fellow North Americans.
It sounded like they were not familiar with the airport."
And while many theatergoers will arrive at Stoppard's most recent play, The Invention of Love , with some notion of Oscar Wilde's glorious career and tragic end (especially if they have already seen Moises Kaufman's Gross Indecency or read Pat Barker's novel The Eye in the Door ), few will be familiar with the life and work of the Oxford classicist and poet A.E.
In his final paragraph, Mr Major says that cat's hair down on the face of youths before the beard grows is a term that all male readers will be familiar with.
"The first board meeting I attended in July he approached me before the meeting started and asked if I had read the -- if I was familiar with the comments that were quoted in the paper.
The name sounds familiar.
He apparently felt the familiar longing that only the beautiful and vivacious Monica Lewinsky could satisfy (Lewinsky testimony, Part II, Page 161).
you know we think of uh how great it is to go to a you know free market uh sort of thing and and they're saying facing uh something that most people are not even aware you know familiar with they wouldn't they don't know how to deal with it and uh how do you
. Yet, according to Novak, on March 21 Clinton "did not seem familiar with Moynihan's latest plan...."
On the other hand, Pepys's English, while familiar enough to us, may sound slightly nonstandard, as where past-tense forms and past participles are coalesced.
it's not it's not a big as program as it as it used to be and i'm i'm not really familiar around here we don't have any baseball teams i don't think that even in Salt Lake City there is a
The contrast is strong enough to sustain the allusion to Julia Ward Howe's Battle Hymn (bypassing Steinbeck, of course) when Quinn speaks of the narrative trampling over the now familiar gripes of Roth.
In contrast to the rather standoffish attitude of the English language, Spanish is on familiar terms with the deity and things holy or revered.
um they counted them by hand you know the ballots by hand and i know that on the bigger ones they have little it's a punch card system are you familiar with that
you know i i don't know if you're familiar with any of them but
Lobbying is a smaller and less familiar industry in Britain than it is in the United States.
The WP 's lead cites "sources familiar with the situation" on the Paula Jones lawsuit as saying that Clinton and Jones lawyers have discussed a settlement "in the range that the two sides contemplated during past negotiations"--i.e.
it was um from uh um Wills Point i don't know if you're familiar with
At the same time, if investigators are not familiar with the terms used by authors, a search strategy might miss relevant studies as well.
i think that initial period you know from way made it familiar for me so i wasn't afraid of the metric system and and and i knew how much it made sense and how much easier it was to do things that way
It is also possible that real clients, who are familiar to the shopkeepers, would be refused treatment less often than unknown clients (mystery shoppers).
The names Orwell submitted are almost certainly those marked with a red asterisk on his longer list and do not include such familiar ones as Stephen Spender or Michael Redgrave.
The plot--father comes to love adopted son--is familiar; the "directorial style is unobtrusive and free of flourishes" (Elliott Stein, Village Voice ). Director Jan Sverak "really knows how to give it that warm, ironic Mittel Europa charm and subtlety," says Kevin Thomas in the Los Angeles Times . "[S]entiment with sly political humor," says Joe Morgenstern of the Wall Street Journal . The Voice 's Stein predicts that it will become "this year's Il Postino ." (Miramax plugs Kolya at its site, where you can download video and stills.)
well that's true and the only other thing about that was that they weren't maybe songs that i was real familiar with
Health-care providers should be very familiar with the perioperative management of type 1 diabetes; with individualized insulin and glucose variable infusions, young patients affected by type 1 diabetes can undergo surgery with a minimal risk.
uh are you familiar with any of the area at all
i i'm not familiar with that one
and uh i think i'm uh most happiest with my most familiar foods that i know are successful
but um to tell you the truth i'm not real familiar with um
According to the OED , a wellerism is “a form of comparison in which a familiar saying or proverb is identified, often punningly, with what was said by someone in a specified but humorously inapposite situation.”
um the one that i'm most familiar with are the Utah Jazz i guess that's because they they're Utah Jazz
oh sure i i'm uh i'm very familiar my grandparents and all my relatives are from Wisconsin
He spoke Malay, was familiar with local custom and religion, and respected chiefs and peasants alike.
The two most familiar are for two spatial and one temporal or three spatial and one temporal dimension.
i i might have seen part of that because the name sounds familiar
It was also the time when the region was the homeland of the Canaanites and other tribes familiar from the Bible, which is still the best source of knowledge about ancient Israel.
A writer explores his own brain through magnetic resonance imaging, finding the physical locations for his ability to speak Italian, his recognition of familiar faces, and his storytelling ability.
They also like other men because they are the same, familiar to the senses.
I would think that the words grand and stretch would be known to more people than two of the words the author gives as being familiar ( chippy and hootch ).
that was made in nineteen nineteen sixty nine starred Maggie Smith who's really one of my all time favorite actresses i don't know if you're if you're familiar familiar with her
The familiar and less familiar company names — such as Taylor, Osborne, and Ramos Pinto — appear painted in white and neon signs on the roofs.
Normal uncertainty is the kind we are familiar with in probability theory concerning flipping coins.
The paper quotes people familiar with the situation as saying that Murdoch had balked at printing passages critical of the Chinese government.
So I'm familiar with that particular book.
Several clinicians indicated that they would have liked more time to become familiar with the equipment before assuming patient care.
As you know, just a few short weeks from now, families everywhere will be celebrating Mother's Day, honoring mothers in ways that have become so familiar to all of us over the years.
The early 18th-century Italianate façade is familiar to many:
The sordid hardships of post-war Italy — unemployment, the black market, and prostitution — have been made graphically familiar through the brilliant neo-realist cinema of Rossellini, de Sica, and Fellini.
Any such program can be realized on a universal Turing machine such as the familiar computer.
But as more consumers become familiar with online commerce, they may very well begin to shop for products over the Internet precisely to avoid state and local sales taxes .
5For example, when engaged to perform audits under the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 for state and local government entities and nonprofit entities that receive federal awards, auditors should be familiar with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circular A-133 on single audits.
yeah that sounds pretty familiar to me
Old San Juan is an ideal place for browsing and comparison shopping — its small arcades and streets are full of the familiar as well as the strange and exotic.
As for completeness, writing systems are a bit off my beaten track, and I dare not offer an opinion; as for authority, while Peter T. Daniels' name is not familiar to me, the work of William Bright, Professor Emeritus of linguistics at UCLA and erstwhile editor (for twenty-two years) of Language , the journal of the Linguistics Society of America, is well known to me, chiefly in his latter capacity.
oh yes i'm familiar that now i'm familiar with the title i wasn't familiar with his with his name but
The rich sculptural effects on the façade mix Eastern and Western symbols: familiar saints, Chinese dragons, and a Portuguese caravel.
It may be interesting that the energy content of geometry could be enormous compared to that of familiar particles of the same size scale.
The latest from avant-garde British director Peter Greenaway ( The Cook, the Thief, His Wife & Her Lover ) elicits a familiar critique: It's judged a visual knockout but pretentious as hell.
Observers familiar with Postal Rate Commission costing procedures will recognize that rural delivery cost per box includes the attributable and institutional costs associated with that function.
um i'm not sure if your familiar with the movement they have here in Maryland but they're trying to get a uh a uh
The idea that some institution or some people replaced the Jews in their covenantal relationship was a familiar Christian theme.
) That toothy, ruthless carnivore shows up in this familiar exchange:
Staff should be familiar with safety guidelines on Material Safety Data Sheets for reagents and other chemicals purchased from suppliers.
oh okay i am familiar i am familiar with computers
As we have seen, Julius Rebek has already created self-reproducing organic molecules well outside the familiar classes of biopolymers.
They, who have lately written with most care, have, I believe, taken the rule of Horace for their guide; that is, not to be too hasty in receiving of words, but rather to stay till custom has made them familiar to us:
The process involves analyzing one system or segment of business operation at a time and convening a team of individuals that includes business managers who are familiar with business information needs and technical staff who have a detailed understanding of potential system vulnerabilities and related controls.
no i don't think so either because a lot of people um depending on how the public service programs are set up and i'm not that that familiar with them to know
Many of the familiar names (Armani, DNKY) have their own air-conditioned boutiques.
Our now familiar liter of gas particles at room temperature comes to equilibrium rapidly, certainly on the order of hours or days.
For someone who sees the Internet as the latest advance in technology, which is not all that different from the radio, the cell phone, or the fax machine, there is a strong tendency to see issues on the Internet as though they were outgrowths of familiar problems elsewhere.
The flyshell application is an interactive command-line Perl interpreter that presents the database and pipeline APIs to the end user, providing a more flexible interface to users who are familiar with object-oriented Perl.
The once miserable wasteland of run-down warehouses, lumber-mills, factories, and railyards has been reclaimed not only for the upbeat commercial enterprises that are now a familiar feature of any Canadian city with a waterfront, but also as a handsome residential neighborhood.
Photo assumes, correctly, that the audience is familiar with the controversy, and opens--as the narrator says--with the "real photo."
Over time, this challenge diminished as members became familiar with each other, enthusiastic members moved past general topics, and rules of behavior were clarified.
Once inside, you will see how the mosque earned its familiar name.
They meant to set up a standard maxim for a free society, which should be familiar to all, and revered by all, constantly looked to, constantly labored for, and even though never perfectly attained, constantly approximated, and thereby constantly spreading and deepening its influence.
It quoted a lawyer "familiar with the negotiations" as saying there was a Secret Service agent who had seen Clinton and Lewinsky in a "compromising situation" and that he had become a government witness.
Perspectives, written by an expert, are aimed at readers who are already familiar with the topic.
and in England at least at the time i was familiar with it about ten years ago they just told you what day you had to show up and where you had to show up and who your doctor was going to be
In 1995, Oliver Stone's Nixon gave us the familiar, shadowy president, emphasizing his most savage and conspiratorial qualities.
We're all familiar with the Miranda warning, or at least how it sounds in the movies.
While the architecture of federal Washington sometimes overwhelms foreign visitors, it is comfortably familiar to most Americans because of the popularity of a simplified version of Classicism—the so-called American Colonial style, which could more accurately be called American Georgian.
A few convenient sound-changes brought us to our familiar phrase fuck you.
This is in sharp contrast to the familiar idea that the persistent increase in entropy of the second law of thermodynamics is the cause of the arrow of time.
you know i'm not that familiar i just know that you know First United Methodist there at Richardson was just a great program
We, too, tried to read their nonverbal cues when they spoke too quickly for us to understand or when they used an uncommon language with which they alone were familiar.
EPKs are frequently known by multiple names in the literature, and sometimes the HGNC-approved name for an EPK is not recognizable to researchers familiar with the corresponding literature.
or the purpose of our discussion here, grant that molecular autonomous agents propagate organization and evolve by the roughly familiar Darwinian aegis of mutation and selection.
If nothing else, Norman should have been familiar with his own co-authored book, Theory of International Trade , which was in galleys at the time.
Under President Nixon, who signed the Legal Services Act of 1974, they became an institution and, over time, a familiar part of the legal landscape in every U.S. state and territory.
I will do so using classical physics and the now familiar concept of a N-dimensional phase space.
well personally you know i think you know of course i'm sure we're familiar with the exact same benefit package and i think that uh we've probably got one of the best around you know besides
They're not familiar with the Mexican or U.S. legal system."
Many of the first department stores have names that are still familiar: Macy’s in New York, Marshall Field’s in Chicago, John Wanamaker in Philadelphia.
oh yes i'm familiar with that um-hum
If one has become accustomed to a particular manual, the temptation is to stay with it: it is like a comfortable old shoe; even when a new edition becomes available, the information appears in approximately the same place and in a familiar format.
The process involves analyzing one system or segment of business operation at a time and convening a team of individuals that includes business managers who are familiar with business information needs and technical staff who have a detailed understanding of potential system vulnerabilities and related controls.
Protein-sequence-based comparative analysis to infer biological function is important and familiar to most biologists.
Software developers are familiar with debugging tools and techniques.
Since many of the respondents were not familiar with technical IT terms, care was taken to present the survey in a "respondent friendly" format.
This points to the possibility that greater experience seeing the familiar face (i.e.
For users familiar with S-Plus, it is convenient to take advantage of the power and flexibility of S-Plus.
Readers not very familiar with the above statistical concepts are referred to [ 14 15 16 ] .
In addition, these principles should be familiar to federal agency officials since they have been emphasized in much of the recent guidance pertaining to federal information security.
“By the time they are adolescents or adults, they are showing the [proper] response for familiar faces.”
Cases in which obtaining oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user's needs; the auditors have worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report's findings, conclusions, and recommendations, or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issues discussed in the draft report.
However, we emphasized that employees responsible for maintaining the documents must be familiar with the retention and storage requirements set forth in Title 8, "Records Management," of the GAO Policyand ProceduresManualand that they might be requested to forward the documents for review by the certifying officer or auditors.
We identified these organizations by soliciting suggestions from a variety of sources, including our analysts familiar with information-sharing organizations and members of our Executive Council on Information Management and Technology, which is a group of executives with extensive experience in information technology management who advise us on major information management issues affecting federal agencies.
Prior to developing a detailed scope of work for the study, the sponsor agencies shared information on their own design review processes and the design review processes of some private sector organizations with which they were familiar.
Like others who are familiar with how the county's legal system does and doesn't work for victims of domestic violence, Casey believes some changes are in order.
Cases in which obtaining oral comments can be effective include when there is a time-critical need to meet a user's needs; the auditor has worked closely with the responsible officials throughout the conduct of the work and the parties are very familiar with the findings and issues addressed in the draft product; or the auditor does not expect major disagreements with the draft report's findings, conclusions, and recommendations, or perceive any major controversies with regard to the issues discussed in the draft report.
Reviewers may not be familiar with the characteristics of an emergency department as a unique clinical community.
GCS is widespread and clinicians are familiar with it.
The rest of Elliott's viewpoint amounts to what is his increasingly familiar harangue against the pharmaceutical industry.
The most familiar of these motifs is the TATA box, which has been reported to be part of 30-40% of core promoters [ 5].
Auditors should become familiar with the standard format for an RFP.
The next sections of this paper will first present some new ways of thinking about a familiar method, the case study, and then introduce the six applications, describing what is required, in terms of methodology, to get the benefits case studies can offer.
Even within the new and frightening landscape of the post-Sept. 11 world, the familiar landmarks of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights can -- indeed, must -guide us.
However, the reference articles cited under each OMIM entry are a set of documents selected by investigators familiar with the gene and are, therefore, related to the gene in some way.
In other words, it is not clear if the clinicians do not follow the guidelines because they are not familiar with them, if they have reviewed the guidelines and don't agree with them, or if they simply find conflicting guidelines to be confusing.
Indeed, a functional MRI (fMRI) study by UW neuroimaging researcher Elizabeth Aylward showed that the brains of high-functioning adolescents and adults did activate the face-recognition center, the fusiform gyrus, when shown a very familiar face.
The elements of analysis are familiar: the identification of regularities, patterns, and relationships and the assessment of their importance of meaning.
According to one industry insider familiar with the case, who did not want to be named, ‘it depended if he remembered to say it, and whether he was asked’.
Following a familiar terrorist pattern, Ressam and his associates used fraudulent passports and immigration fraud to travel.
Many people, though, fly often in commercial planes and are familiar with instructions on what to do in case of what is euphemistically called a "water landing."
i'm familiar with Unix commands like um copying files and compressing them things like that i just have a fun time using their mainframe at the base but
His vituperation for Woodrow Wilson extends beyond the familiar argument that Wilson's arrogance sabotaged his efforts to win Senate approval for joining the League of Nations; Buchanan also faults Wilson for impugning the patriotism of so-called "hyphenates"--immigrants who wanted American policy to favor their native lands.
yeah well we have uh a situation again that i am familiar with where uh the son of an acquaintance of mine was killed while trying to stop a robbery
While it is acknowledged that such a method would not work well for books, the idea was that the number of occurrencies of a lemma (a technical though convenient term for the `thing--word or phrase--under study'), multiplied by, say the Audit Bureau of Circulation sworn circulation of a periodical would yield a figure that could legitimately be called its Exposure . Obviously, such a number would be far too large to manipulate readily, so, using a formula familiar to statisticians, it was normalized to produce a simple decimal number of only a few digits which I called the lemma's Exposure Index . The purpose of the exercise was to connect the frequency information with the language as it is used and perceived; in addition, the approach would serve to eliminate from consideration those materials which, though published, were little read, with a consequent low influence on the lexicon.
For some eponymous terms, the eponymy is obvious, or famous: Caesarean section ; graham cracker ; Molotov cocktail ; boycott ; leotard ; Luddite ; silhouette ; volt . Many more eponyms, though familiar, are not so obviously eponymous.
well i'm originally from uh Ohio Cincinnati so i'm familiar uh familiar with uh
Jews are now successful people who want to move the levers of the system (levers whose location we're quite familiar with) so as to ensure that our children will be as successful as we are.
now in the military for a for a staff staff NCO which is a a noncommissioned officer but it's a certain rank above i don't know if you're familiar with military military rank structure
In a familiar pattern, we have Grolsch bringing up the rear, with less than one-quarter the Taste-o-meter power of Busch , the No.
and then the titles might sound familiar but i really don't know what they're all about
It's the engineering equivalent of the familiar political dodge, "mistakes were made."
am familiar with that i where i live is a house that's seventeen years old when i bought it
I take the liberty of reprinting the glossary here, because some of the terms are far from common ( chippy, hootch , and century are perhaps the more familiar) and many are not included in standard dictionaries of slang:
i uh sit down and enjoy playing musical selections that i familiar with
thirty two ha ha sounds familiar what kind of vacation uh uh restrictions do you have or or shouldn't say restrictions policy
Some typos might be said to be “errors of similarity or familiarity,” when similar or more familiar words are substituted for the words in the manuscript.
i don't know if you've ever i i i'm sure you're familiar with it but have you seen the movie
Needless to say, success, in such cases, hinges on the ad maker's ability to manipulate that fine line between the familiar and the clichéd: It's all in the adaptation.
um-hum i've heard again i'm not familiar with reading him but i've heard of him
Her aim was not to subvert the women's magazine but to give it a makeover, to translate feminism into something familiar to the middle class.
i'm not really all that familiar i never was a Vietnam buff i'm not all that familiar with the beginning of it
yeah believe me i know there is i lived in Plano and i don't know if you're familiar with Plano but Plano maybe five percent of the Plano actually were from Texas
and i'm i'm down in the the central but i don't know how familiar you are with Texas but i'm in a we live in a town uh near a town called Temple which is right in between Waco and Austin on the freeway
In many cases, although an expression may have been generally familiar, its origin remained a matter of mystery or guesswork.
The liberal arts need not be regarded as ends in themselves--that is, to produce artists, writers, and other practitioners--but to create well-rounded human beings who are passing familiar, if only subconsciously, with the underpinnings of their society based on the bedrock of their culture.
well in New York i'm not quite sure but what sounds familiar to me is that it's it's not legal except in cases of murder of police officers
Almost all the criticism of the press in Brill's piece is familiar, much of it to the point of cliché.
yeah that's too bad i'm i guess i'd be most familiar with uh the Jazz
But a familiar loose end remains loose: Israel's demands for specific Palestinian actions to tighten security in the area.
oh okay i am familiar i am familiar with computers
Syllable-cutters may even adopt a familiar credo.
I am roughly familiar with researches into this semantic by old friends, like John Groome of Grenada or Frank Collymore of Barbados, but find use of the living language hereabouts best shown in the work of the late and much lamented Shiva Naipaul, younger brother of V.S. (who declines to use his knighthood).
it sounds familiar but i can't no i like the Who i've got some Who
He has to be familiar (and competent) enough to keep viewers satisfied but also distinct (and flawed) enough so that when the star returns, everyone remembers exactly why they love him so.
On another, Mateo warbled “Ojitos de capulín,” a familiar mariachi song.
In the preface to the first volume of that great dictionary, Murray thanked Hall expansively for his voluntary and gratuitous service: Those who are familiar with the pages of his Modern English , his English Adjectives in -able [1877], and his numerous articles and papers on special points of English, know with what an amazing wealth of evidence the author illustrates the history of every word, idiom, or grammatical usage, upon which he touches.
i'm not really familiar with how other countries
Thus, the results are more likely to be those of Sheldon Hackney's ill-conceived multicultural conversations, which disintegrated, predictably, into the type of entrenched, obscurantist--indeed segregationist--identity-politics posing that is so familiar to those of us who have spent time on the campuses of elite universities.
The conclusion to be drawn here is something of a zoological or at any rate ethnic nature: the bear is far more familiar in continental Europe than in insular Britain.
a musician i just took it kind of as an avocation and i sing with the Brookhaven singers over at Brookhaven College you must be familiar with that name living in Dallas
well pretty pretty familiar with we moved here about six months ago or a year ago so i'm pretty familiar with the Mavericks
(A familiar but irrelevant complaint against feminists is that they lack charm, as though an unappealing style negates the justice of a cause.
so i get all of them uh the one that i really especially enjoy and you may be familiar with it from Wisconsin is called Country
"Two humorless and often petty egomaniacs intransigently reiterated their familiar positions" (Rich).
well i think what i see is a different direction i don't know if you are you familiar with uh programs like Harvard Graphics where they have uh
hum that sounds so familiar
Another Y2K growth area unmentioned by the Times : a surfeit of near-identical stories featuring an increasingly familiar cast of programmers, pundits, and predictions.
yeah well i've never been there i'm not quite familiar with with uh the way they do things
So familiar is the phenomenon that it was capitalized on in the late 1980s by the small community of Dartmouth in Devon to raise money for the town's swimming pool.
yeah that's we're in a yeah that's we're in a near next to a town called Plano Texas and it's very um it's like Falls Church Alexander i mean Montgomery County i'm familiar with where you're at um and they really that's a good way to put it i know
Starr's address is not only tortoise-paced, it's also familiar, a rehash of everything we've read 50 times before--what his duties are as independent counsel, how the Lewinsky case came to him, why he pursued it as he did, how the president lied, etc.
Kevin Smith's low-budget romantic comedy--the third in a series that began with Clerks (1994)--wins favor for introducing a twist into the familiar boy-meets-girl plot--here, boy meets lesbian.
i i i don't know uh i know i'm familiar with some some upbeat school areas so i don't totally agree with the the great
Once people are working, it's not that hard to boost their incomes through familiar means like income supplements (the EITC), day-care subsidies, health-care subsidies, schools, better training, etc.
But the fact that so many past market mishaps have happened during October (some famous, like the 1929 and 1987 crashes, others familiar only to insiders) makes traders jittery because they're afraid that everybody else is superstitious.
yeah well i i went to Dallas um when i worked for TI in Abilene and uh i i'm a little familiar with the city area Forest Lane and you know through that off off the freeway
A story argues that Nike's "swoosh" logo has become too familiar.
uh-huh well it does that up here well we get a lot of weather that's that's uh controlled by the ocean we're so we're so close to the ocean here in Rhode Island are you familiar with with Attleboro at all or in Massachusetts
Brokaw repeats most of the other familiar clichés: World War II veterans know the value of a dollar, they never boast, and they're reluctant to talk about their wartime experiences.
no no i'm not real familiar with that
I know little about free-speech issues as they relate to art, however, although not a lawyer, I have become quite familiar with the issues as they relate to certain aspects of disorderly behavior, especially panhandling in public spaces (begging).
and he had a uh series of uh called John Carter Of Mars i don't know if you're familiar with it or not but uh he's the one that wrote Tarzan Of The Apes and all that too and uh and uh
As the James Carville figure, Billy Bob Thornton does his familiar rancid hick act.
i don't know this was just i guess something freak that happened to me because i wasn't familiar with the um
But once the polite obligation to enunciate these sounds is got over, the narrators are back on familiar ground, most of them buoyantly loquacious and quite at home with the art of the monologue.
i know our policy i like in Nicaragua i'm familiar with that because we have um some friends that live on the Nicaraguan border and they're they're missionaries there and they
This is a familiar debate, but Rafferty turns the usual cant around.
uh my husband tries very hard to do that for us and we used the Managing Your Money software package with Andrew Tobias he is familiar with that one
Their task: To ask people on the street if certain well-known phrases from the Bible--not identified as such, of course--struck them as being in any way familiar; and, if the phrases were familiar, to ask the respondents to name the provenance.
yeah so anyway yeah we're kind of familiar with that part of the world now there's where the weather's interesting i think it's kind of dull around here compared to
His way of seeing things is too familiar to surprise us, too predictable to be funny.
it you have to be familiar with the one that you're going to be using most
most familiar with
For lay readers and students who are not familiar with the prevailing concepts of mainstream linguistics, stylistics, and literary analysis, Mills's Introduction provides a helpful explication of current theories and positions in these disciplines.
uh me and the uh insurance adjusters adjusters are are very familiar with each other and my husband still works there and uh
Afew moments later you'll be back in the familiar desktop environment.
i'm familiar with Commodore
Sure, they can point out that the most familiar conservative proposal--Dick Armey's Flat Tax--is a hoax.
all right that's a real different topic i'm not sure i'm familiar with
oh i'm from Wisconsin Kenosha yeah i'm not very familiar with Texas
To people who are most familiar with the term and most likely to take it seriously, if Clinton is a sex addict, he is clearly not in recovery.
i was really into the album oriented music even then so i was really familiar with a lot of with a lot of the AOR type music um the the album oriented like the uh James Taylor and
On a recent expedition by car, I noted a large number of roads with names like P Avenue, Q Avenue, and the like, and everyone is familiar with the street names in Washington, DC , that reflect the same sort of thing.
no mine doesn't either but with specific yeah but with specific cases people but you know the names aren't familiar anymore and
Even when something new breaks on the Clinton-scandal front, it takes on a familiar sound in "Clinton and the Media."
yeah i i do too and uh one of the things that we've run run into a a problem of course you're familiar with the TI drawing well with any drawing system you end up with uh you end up with things in inches
huh-uh but it it was it was really nice when you move to such a foreign culture to see all these familiar faces
The upper classes were familiar with both French and English, the cultivated classes with Latin as well.
a new version of propulsion that they're looking at um are you familiar with uh the solar sail idea
Apart from the tiresome degradation of society arguments from the puritanical, everyone is familiar with this word in its many forms.
i learned metrics you know in high school and and before that so i'm familiar with the system i'm still using inches and pounds and the like
uh and that they may have been forced i'm not that familiar with their future but i you know i it's easy to believe that they were probably more forced into a pact than uh a volunteer or willingness to join but
In couplets and the "beheaded" (first syllable omitted) four-foot iambic line, familiar from "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star," he speaks his mind directly and eloquently about feeling love ardently when no longer a youth.
i'm not really familiar with the homes in Garland i guess i know
You're familiar with unlisted telephone numbers, aren't you?
they did uh they got rid of a lot of familiar names and got a lot of names in that we weren't weren't familiar with
Some of these are ... hauntingly familiar growths, like catafalque trees and hangman trees, as Terry Dowling put it.
actually i didn't either um uh i really wasn't familiar with that and um i didn't even realize i had put that as you know this must be something
The concept of a plain-clothes policeman is familiar to most, but don't be so sure in the Caribbean: a policeman who is not in proper unformed dress is simply not dressed, as one witness saw it in this newspaper report of her testimony in court:
we also had a time share condo if you're familiar with those so we used and it was our home unit was in Vail Colorado
This ad is almost a nonpolitical bumper sticker, a simple image designed to give a familiar name fresh life.
very nice beach area if you're not familiar with it it
Another category is formed by the replacement of unfamiliar-sounding names by something more familiar.
i'm familiar with you know some Cajun food Italian Portuguese food
Time 's enthusiastic package echoes the familiar line about why Bush is the Republican favorite: The breadth of his support among blacks and Hispanics and his landslide re-election victory wowed the GOP.
We're more familiar with what economists call an English auction--prices start low and rise as people bid.
Last week, eBay listed a collectible knife with which I am entirely familiar.
However, despite exhaustive research, I am reluctantly forced to resort to the familiar lexical locution, `Source unknown.
Since then, groups like the Animal Legal Defense Fund--does the name sound familiar?
Readers familiar with my obsessions may fear that this column is just another attempt to spoil everyone's fun, to replace the beautiful mystery of life with ugly Darwinian clarity.
The Times says Hutchinson made some fresh points out of familiar details, and then the paper clearly states them: 1) In response to the White House claim that any help given to Monica Lewinsky in her job search was not a quid pro quo because the help preceded Lewinsky's role in the Paula Jones case, Hutchinson showed how nonetheless the job search assistance effort became markedly more urgent once she did have such a role; 2) To the White House claim that President Clinton could not have been attempting to sway Betty Currie's testimony because his odd conversation with her took place before she was called as a witness, Hutchinson observed that Clinton had just been questioned at length in the Jones deposition about Currie and hence it was clear to him then that she was likely to be called; 3) To the White House claim that President Clinton's denial of a sexual relationship with Lewinsky was literally true because of the odd definition of such relations he was presented with, Hutchinson points out that Lewinsky's denial predates the appearance of that definition and hence should be considered a common sense falsehood that Clinton encouraged.
By 1961, Kusama had begun covering familiar objects--an armchair, a stepladder, a rowboat--with carefully sewn phalluses (, 1962).
Still, in McCarthy's Mexican dialogue he shuttles between familiar and formal verb forms with an abandon that I find a bit excessive.
Those who have heard Bob Grant and others in the US are familiar with the pattern.
That is important because many familiar patronymics are based on otherwise obsolete nicknames, as we shall see.
In 1976 we had a flat on Regent's Park Road, facing Primrose Hill, and down the street was one of the familiar blue-and-white plaques that said: "From 1873 to 1895, here lived Frederick Engels, Political Philosopher."
Each of these specialized journals offers an obsessive's-eye view of the world around us, a new look at the seemingly familiar.
This collection of twenty-seven papers represents a broad spectrum of opinion, chiefly by linguists and teachers, some of whose names will be familiar to VERBATIM readers.
Best of all is a sequence in which Moses falls asleep against the wall of a temple and, in his dream, the two-dimensional hieroglyphs of familiar Egyptian painting begin to move, enacting the story of the Exodus in stiff, horizontal processions.
The WP describes Clinton's trip to China, continuing today with a community leaders' roundtable in Shanghai and an appearance on a radio call-in show(wonder how long the delay is), as an "experiment in diplomacy as personal performance," referring to the familiar campaign stump style Clinton used in two talks on Chinese national television.
After three days of using the gel, my mouth has returned to its familiar self.
He was alluding to a rarely spoken but widely known truth: There are two cultural styles of basketball, which we can conveniently label with the familiar code words "inner city" and "suburban."
Programmers familiar with ancient mainframes know how to solve Y2K problems, and can charge $100 an hour to do so.
The montage continues, familiar scenes reminding us what freedom has come to mean.
Among the most striking images in the show are three negatives of a ballet dancer assuming poses familiar from Degas' pastels (see [Arm Outstretched]).
Sound familiar?
In letter after letter Mr. Shawn gracefully responds to Farber's lengthy missives of life, love, and loss with reassuring replies, always beginning with the familiar greeting, "We regret that we are unable to use the enclosed material."
Those who are not familiar with this type of dictionary--that is, one that provides learners with grammatical, collocational, and idiomatic information far beyond what might be expected in an ordinary monolingual dictionary-- should familiarize themselves with the well-known precedent, the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary of Contemporary English , by A.S. Hornby, long a classic in the field.
By making a tax dispute the putative reason for invading a planet, Lucas merely transposed historical events that Americans ought to be familiar with.
Hours later, the paper recanted: "the source for the story, a longtime Washington lawyer familiar with the case, later said the information provided for Tuesday's report was inaccurate."
Great art, the critic implied, hews (comfortingly) to the familiar, but cultivates states of mind that (challengingly) make the familiar fresh.
Liberty Heights is less gaseous than Avalon . The Jewish boys' exploration of life among the "other kind" is often wryly funny, and when they show up at the familiar Baltimore diner to compare notes, time stops and we bask in their banter.
He was also not entirely familiar with English money and mistakenly paid her fifteen guineas, thus leaving Lady Coventry smiling at her unexpected gain of a further fifteen scheling (or was it shelin, seling, or even chelin?).
Once you start Xwindows, you're back in familiar territory.
They seem both ineffable and utterly familiar.
The company at first tried to claim that this was because the Tibetan leader's face is not well-known in the region--until confronted with the information that polls show 80 percent of Hong Kong residents are familiar with him.
These were the kinds of beer the panel members said they liked--and the ones they said they were most familiar with.
Both kinds of books have been around for many years: indeed, the latter type preceded general dictionaries that treat the broad spectrum of the English lexicon, for it was thought unnecessary to provide definitions and other information about words familiar to anyone who spoke English.
Quite a different sound is made by the owl, whose name represents its familiar hoot, otherwise the final, longer note of its conventional call tu-whit tu-whoo .
The familiar cliché about Wall Street is that it's only concerned about the latest quarter.
Their task: To ask people on the street if certain well-known phrases from the Bible--not identified as such, of course--struck them as being in any way familiar; and, if the phrases were familiar, to ask the respondents to name the provenance.
Driving out to Route 128, I see a weeping cherry tree, no less spectacular for being familiar, making its annual splash of purple-pink ...
The first scene is the familiar news footage from 1981: A smiling and waving Ronald Reagan outside the Washington Hilton takes a bullet to the chest.
Both the WP and the New York Times cite one source each (the Post identifies him/her as "a source familiar with the session" and the NYT goes with "a Republican counsel at the interview) saying that yesterday Lewinsky said that Currie's pick-up of the gifts could have occurred later than she previously testified, and hence after the much-talked-about cell call Currie made to her.
Stoppard's name, familiar to anyone who cares about modern theater or who took AP English in high school, signifies a deft blend of high culture and high wit, deep thinking and schoolboy cleverness.
Examining ready-made phrases referring to women, or in some cases men, Mills cites, for example, some familiar proverbs.
Those familiar with the Gorecki know that, on some full-size (if not very good) stereo systems, the first minute or so--bass violins growling quietly--comes off as a vague rumble, its melody barely audible.
Meanwhile we do no harm; for they That with a god have striven,Not hearing much of what we say, Take what the god has given;Though like waves breaking it may be,Or like a changed familiar tree,Or like a stairway to the sea Where down the blind are driven.
The 18 th film version of Victor Hugo's novel, this one from Danish director Bille August, wins modest praise despite its familiar story and conventional telling.
Its vocabulary may look strange but sounds familiar.
In fact, of course, we understand Jan Morris with no difficulty because she knew that we would take the whole sequence, live by the sweat of our ink (new to us), and map it on to a similar one that was familiar to us.
Presumably, much of the book's contents will be as fresh to such readers as it is familiar to anyone who already knows his names.
Neither did Hauser and neither did anyone Hauser knew of in the campaign (though they were familiar with its content from reading a transcript).
They will be familiar from intervention disputes dating back at least to Vietnam, but they are especially useful for the summer-squall-style military actions of today, in which we all agree to be frenzied about the occupation of Kuwait or a drug-smuggling dictator in Panama or warlords in Somalia or genocide in Bosnia on the strict understanding that we will be allowed to forget all about these matters and places in six months, max.
Ex-girlfriend Farrow levels some familiar charges (Allen put his face in the lap of their 8-year-old daughter, Dylan, and kept pornographic Polaroids of Soon Yi) but adds instances of pettier meanness (he lashed out at Farrow when she invited him to her son's sixth-grade graduation).
That sounds familiar enough, since we're used to the distinctiveness of designers' ideas and craftsmen's pieces.
Cameron deliberately excludes some of the more familiar work which is available elsewhere.
At the same time, reach out to women--who buy the pills and stock the medicine cabinet--by cleverly deconstructing the macho stereotype so that it becomes familiar, funny.
