2700 b.c. ). The major changes were not to daily tasks and routines, but to the political power base, which changed regularly and not necessarily peacefully throughout the ages.
As Athens rose in influence and power in the West, it was matched in the East by the rise of the Persian Empire.
From a power base in Anatolia, the Persians overran the eastern Aegean Islands and set their sights on the Cyclades.
Although the islands saw little action, as the war went on they could see that Athens was slowly losing its power.
His rise to power ushered in the Hellenistic period.
Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands, the next major power change brought influence from the West.
In 1967, the military took the reins of power in Athens, and until 1974, the “Colonels” held sway with a repressive and brutal regime.
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier, the positive effects radiate throughout our community: The business community welcomes not only another worker, but a consumer with increased purchasing power.
The Wall Street Journal "Outlook" observes, "In the U.S. job market, the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers," and states that "the retention frenzy was triggered in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing," which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers, which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries.
They evaluated legislative options, eventually setting up a federal compensation fund and defining the powers of a special master to run it.
In Phase Three, the United States would carry out "decisive operations" using all elements of national power, including ground troops, to topple the Taliban regime and eliminate al Qaeda's sanctuary in Afghanistan.
The remarkable feature of this ideal-bearing language is that it protects all persons within the power of the state—all those whom the state can touch with its legal power.
The Civil War enabled Americans of different cultural strains, some with power, others without, to see themselves as compatriots of a single nation.
The Constitution recognizes no power higher than the will of “We the People.”
All state power is obligated both to protect this value and to respect it.”
For now, it is important to note merely that the postbellum legal order begins with a commitment of all state power to eliminate the evil that had cursed the United States since its founding.
It can be presented as a higher power.
Power never needs to draw on the considerable first-aid and emergency training that every attendant must master.
It is symbolic exchange, where the relation (not the 'social') is tied, and this exchange excludes any surplus: anything that cannot be exchanged or symbolically shared would break the reciprocity and institute power.
uh politics and so forth people trying to maneuver and get power and back stabbing and
NEPOOL - New England Power Pool
But his painting felt more real than what had come before it, because it was bigger and wider and more maniacally detailed, and because every brushstroke contributed to the general sense of the water's ferocious power as it rushed to the edge.
"All we remember and all we forgot is here before us, the deer and other meat, the bear and tiger to whom we are meat, the plants and water and rock look at us with recognition, welcome us, dotted lines of light, of power shoot from everything into me, from me into everything" M, 28
uh given the the uh military powers on both sides i think it's always a threat
Figure 1shows the simulated power curves (for two-sample t tests) with respect to different α levels (i.e.
Banal conclusion: He's a fun-loving, good-hearted guy, but he has done as much as anyone to build a system where money buys political power.
Reproduction of labor power occupies a crucial but unacknowledged role
oh how awful sounds like Mister Power Hungry but you know just yesterday though i saw a girl in the spin out here at Lewisville that had on a pair of shorts
The statistical power of the sample size was approved by the AHCPR.
We're going to go broke buying all these power tools.")
We only had power off for like three days here.
One bets that Schumpeterian gales of creative destruction come in a power law distribution, with many small avalanches and few large ones.
that their hierarchies of power can be overturned, not
you know i i don't know i guess if if we had more power
We extended our power analysis by considering the impact of the heterogeneity parameter CV on the statistical power (Figure 4B).
The anti-draft protestors who trumpeted "Power to the People" were college-educated elitists themselves, and these rebels of yesteryear now embrace the system as today's leaders.
Drove it to the laundromat and that day our power came back on .
In general, this is just a mapping on the power set in which “machine bundles” act on input bundles to yield output bundles; that is, the set of possible input bundles, machines, and output bundles is the set of possible mappings of the power set into itself.
In 1936, the state set up the Vieux Carré Commission with powers to protect buildings of architectural value.
Unlike many of his peers, Siegfried was convinced by 1932 that the Nazis would take state power in order to save capitalism for the German bourgeoisie and its English investors.
depends on how much power you have and who you know
Assuming an unmatched case control design with alpha = 0.05 and beta = 0.80, post-hoc power analysis was performed to determine the minimum detectable relative risk detectable with the given sample size [ 24].
In an age when national power inheres less and less frequently--or, at any rate, less and less legitimately--in the hands of an all-powerful individual, the adoption of a symbolic personal name by way of an aggrandizing personal epithet has sadly fallen out of favor.
He's also really big into the Hell's Angels and he brought about 50 of his friends to it and the wedding took place in a hotel one of those classic areas where you have, you have the weddings, and it was, ah, basically a really stormy night, real stormy and the power went out, and it was open bar so now we've got, ah, 50 Hell's Angels, no power, and it's the middle a summer, so it is getting really hot in there, you know, there's, there's no lights so you know there's a few emergency power lights that people brought, ah, and they had some sort of battery they were using for the ah for the radio system and it was, it was getting really crazy in there because we had Hell's Angels running around without shirts on, uh, people highly intoxicated, I remember by 10 year old cousin saying, "Bottom's up, Thomas!
Exemption from race discrimination in respect of the civil rights which are fundamental in citizenship in a republican government, is, as we have seen, a new right, created by the nation, with express power in Congress, by legislation, to enforce the constitutional provision from which it is derived.
Following this, ancient Egyptians believed that the monument possessed prophetic powers and it still has a mysterious hold on the modern psyche.
The Power Elite
the glamour and the power and whatnot and probably make bad decisions bad choices sometimes
The goal of the data simulation was to generate data sets thatexhibit gene-gene interactions for the purpose of evaluating theclassification error, prediction error, and power of GPNN and atraditional BPNN.
Some have argued that because Kosovo represents such a huge commitment of U.S. power, it can't be compared to, say, Lebanon or the Bay of Pigs.
And the Power Ranger has to overcome some huge enemy and it's usually a bloody battle , but the Power Ranger always wins.
You see, I was worried one day that my wife or adult son might knock my PC oV the table, so I wedged the power cord into the first crack and plugged the cord into a floor socket.
While Florentine art developed its formidable intellectual and emotional power, the tone of Sienese painting — Simone Martini, the Lorenzettis, even the Mannerist Sodoma — remained gentle and delicate, bathed in the light and color of its surrounding countryside.
Marble white and leather black, a masked version of the empathic, equivocal Bernini angel, arrow in hand, sending St. Teresa into ecstasy, Tim shimmers in the light playing on his lubricated youthful muscles, his masculine energy rising to the rhythms of Marcel's rough power
uh either for the thrill of committing the crime or the thrill the feeling of power that they get from it or to
He is trying to build genuinely national institutions that can overcome the tradition of allocating powers among ethnic communities.
The main story examines life for homosexuals in America: Gays and lesbians are more accepted, according to polls, and exercise more political power, but right-wing opposition has become more focused.
He'll like, it's usually about a Power Ranger.
Since there are choices at each of positions, the number of possible proteins of length is raised to the th power, or approximately raised to the th power, .
Under the yoke of another foreign power, and with trade at an all time low, the Golden Age was truly dead.
"I come to a mental/bodily state where I embrace all of us as one, where our people feel special and right, where I and each one of us is full of light and power."
i don't know i don't know whether you can you know morally take the power of the state
Numerous Supreme Court precedents recognize a broad and encompassing power in Congress to engage in oversight and investigation.
He's also really big into the Hell's Angels and he brought about 50 of his friends to it and the wedding took place in a hotel one of those classic areas where you have, you have the weddings, and it was, ah, basically a really stormy night, real stormy and the power went out, and it was open bar so now we've got, ah, 50 Hell's Angels, no power, and it's the middle a summer, so it is getting really hot in there, you know, there's, there's no lights so you know there's a few emergency power lights that people brought, ah, and they had some sort of battery they were using for the ah for the radio system and it was, it was getting really crazy in there because we had Hell's Angels running around without shirts on, uh, people highly intoxicated, I remember by 10 year old cousin saying, "Bottom's up, Thomas!
With these designs, Hood developed the distinctly American approach to skyscrapers that would influence Van Alen and a generation of skyscraper designers: tall buildings conceived as Nietzschean symbols of corporate power or, to put it more mundanely, architecture as advertising.
He became involved in a power struggle with Columbus’s son, Diego, who through his father’s will had claims on the island.
  Meanwhile, planned communities burgeoning with groups of younger retirees will occupy Sirenia's  upscale Florida residential enclaves,  driving out future elders, who will be expected to work happily and harder at meeting raised expectations--- Old age is predicted to have more positive attributions-- such as maturity, competence, sophistication, confidence, self-reliance and power.
what power do we have
To investigate how the maximum number of challenges affected the statistical power, we plotted the power against C max for trials involving six and 12 animals per group (Figure 3).
The LAT leads its story with the big picture: Hashimoto will become the third Asian leader in less than a year to be toppled from power by the region's economic crisis.
Um, yeah, both my mother and my father's family all live there, and um, my mother and my father moved here with Duke Power, um, in about '73.
The resistance to an encroaching foreign culture, the loss of political and economic power, feelings of social marginality, and the resulting conflict of cultures all contributed to the creation of folklore in the form of legends, jokes, and songs by the Chicano people.
The task of rebuilding fell to the power behind the throne, an ambitious and tyrannical minister known as Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, best remembered as the Marquês de Pombal.
Malaysia has a complex history of conflict where the Malaysian Chinese have suffered the xenophobic odium of native Malays and the Malays have resisted the acumen and the power of the Chinese in the economic and cultural spheres, particularly under the racist colonial policies of Great Britain, policies that still rankle although more than 70% of Malaysians can claim mixed European and Asian heritage.
i i think politics you have to be real interested in power
Eighteen patients per group resulted in sufficient power (18 for 90%, 13 for 80%) to determine a difference of 4 wk or greater between groups in time to rebound of virus during the open-ended interruption.
Real-estate moguls, the only folks who made real money in D.C. until recently, were shut out of power Washington-except for sports team owners Jack Kent Cooke and Abe Pollin.
And the Power Ranger has to overcome some huge enemy and it's usually a bloody battle , but the Power Ranger always wins.
The endogenists, including me, admit some big rocks plummeted but note the power law distribution in the size of extinction events, with many small ones and few large ones, and see in these signs self-organized criticality models, discussed in the next chapter, in which many small and few large extinction events arise from the endogenous coevolutionary behavior of ecosystems.
Germany and Italy supplied Franco’s Nationalists with arms and air power, and the Soviet Union gave aid to Spain’s communists.
"Power of light
In fitting the Fourteenth Amendment to the reality of these diverse combinations, the Court could have insisted on stage six as the threshold of behavior included within the scope of the amendment, thus limiting the supervisory power of the federal courts to the official action of state officials.
Richelieu’s major achievement was the greater centralization of royal power, laying the foundations of the strong sense of national identity that has characterized France ever since.
Global market conflicts overwhelm any national power: look at Sudan, Russia, Indonesia.
Belief in her power as a mediator for the oppressed has prompted faithful followers to carry her image into battle for over 400 years.
Jerusalem’s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished, but its spiritual power for Jews, and for the struggling new Christian religion, remained.
With the dead power of capitalist command
At the phase transition temperature, something magic and “universal” occur: clusters of spins oriented the same way arise, and the clusters have a power law distribution of sizes.
Political and economic power resided with non-Hawaiians.
Despite regimes of power, humans make themselves subjects
Here power law distributions of small and large avalanches of change can and do propagate through the system as it adapts.
During the American War of Independence, Jamaica came under threat again from other European powers, which saw Britain’s problem to the north as a chance to capture its colonies in the Caribbean.
, a born-again Christian whose still-vital connections with power have landed him a position as the world's top anti-terrorist mercenary, head of World Security Operations, Inc, ;
The glance or power of a stronger person causes an adverse consequence on the weaker person, who is often a baby or a child.
With fast-moving tanks and superior air power, the Germans reached Paris 30 days later.
Although they have the power to make their victims ill in various ways -- such as by possession, gaze, etc. -- they have to leave them once propitiatory offerings of food, drink, etc., are made to them.
A new coalition, they hoped, would break the power of the landed élite and bring about a social revolution in the South.
After the Communists took power, they decided to revive the small, sleepy city as a model industrial center.
He wants to write a clear exhortation to his peers: voting for Kerry is only an unpleasant first step in a genuinely worthwhile project: he wants to argue that world-historical changes require that we accede to-nay, accelerate-the decline and fall of the United States as a global power.
Power law distributions can, in fact, arise in many ways.
Bermuda’s Senate has no legislative powers and is rather more of a debating forum; its sessions can be observed on Wednesdays.
I am not afraid of this power and the beings are not afraid of me" (gender uncertain), 30
If the logarithm of the cost per unit is plotted on the y-axis and the logarithm of the cumulative number of units produced is plotted on the x-axis, one gets a typical straight-line power law that decreases downward to the right.
To celebrate his unification of Japan after more than a century of civil war, Hideyoshi had made the castle the country’s greatest fortress, so the Tokugawa felt obliged to destroy it in 1615 after snatching power away from Hideyoshi’s heir.
"In social systems," Siegfried groans out between thrusts of the Softening Machine, "Freddie Hayek tells me, '[t]his means that, though the use of spontaneous ordering forces enables us to induce the formation of an order of such a degree of complexity (namely comprising elements of such numbers, diversity and variety of conditions) as we could never master intellectually, or deliberately arrange, we will have less power over the details of such an order than we would of one which we produce by arrangement.
A full-blown textile industry therefore blossomed in New England, fostered by the region’s access to abundant water power, capital, mechanical skills, and a hardworking labor force.
By the 17th century, after repeated forays, infiltrations, and invasions, forces from Manchuria capitalized on domestic upheavals in China to take power in Beijing, almost by default.
"Heavens," invoked Vyvyan, "we have to appreciate our small victories and work to expand the power of the multitude.
The entire constitutional structure drafted in 1787 needed revamping but, without a compelling theory to guide them, the political powers in Congress settled for the modest demand in the Fifteenth Amendment that the states not deny the franchise “on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.”
Because of its dramatic location and the fairytale turrets of its Gothic-Renaissance architecture, the Frontenac is one of the most charmingly bombastic of all the many grand hotels that the Canadian Pacific and Canadian National railways put up across the country as symbols of their commercial power.
Back to the fantasy of soviet power, collectivist nostalgia: if only they could have crystallized the revolutionary moment, but if only they can aid the Vietnamese, we can defeat US imperialism.
This is most noticeably clear in dictatorial societies where legal debate is reduced to little more than efforts to placate the powers that be.
“People power” began to exert its influence which ensured that, in Amsterdam at least, progress did not mean sweeping away the past.
Human society functions through the confusion of our connections and disconnections with others and ourselves, pretending we are individual identities and creating power networks that pervade every distinction.
The phase transition from easily solvable to virtually impossible to solve occurs at a point on the C/V axis equal to log x raised to the K power, or . x K. Hence, as K increases, the phase transition shifts outward to greater C/V values.
Roman power extended throughout the Mediterranean with a victory in the Punic Wars against Carthage (now Tunisia) and conquests in Macedonia, Asia Minor, Spain, and southern France.
Power of sound
In 1871, by a combination of military annexation, diplomacy and bribery, Otto von Bismarck was able to unify the northern and southern German states in the Imperial Reich, with Prussia as its central power.
A period of regional civil wars and power struggles among rival warlords ensued.
"As far as the homosexual-ecclesiastical cabal is concerned, we encourage your efforts to overthrow any number of non-Christian (non-Catholic) governments; they're only temporal powers."
These retablos may be painted for a specific saint in gratitude for a favor granted, or in praise of the powers of the saint.
The 1500s were a time of prosperity, power, and cultural and scientific achievement for the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Coughing and then moaning, the twin pigs cry out, "'Self' is not a personal identity so much as it is a relation of reflexivity, a relation of the human subject to itself in its power and its freedom. "
And that number is very large indeed, for it is on the order of N. Say there are particles in the Earth system, a very crude guess, then the total number of adjacent possible microstates is about raised to the to the st power.
The journey brings home the true power and wonder of nature.
back in the days when TI was making uh computers that were similar to in terms of power to the IBM i don't remember what those were the ATs or something like that or
The large-scale trend in all these rates—hatching time, individual and population growth, ecosystem metabolism, DNA substitution—is closely proportional to a quarter power of body mass.
The New York Times ' Ann Powers calls it "music that touches the essence of soul."
The slope is the power law relation between the size and number of avalanches.
It was not until 1128, when Dom Afonso Henríques became the Count of Portucale, that the struggle to regain power met with any real success.
on um what do you call um military power than anything they have more of a expense of military than we do
Environmental and public health problems resulting from power generation emissions include:
The story of the sexual activity is disturbing, given the power imbalances between the participants, but the story is a tawdry one, and most well-mannered people would just as soon not have to hear about it, especially since the "victim" is not making any complaint.
It is we humans who conceived and built the intricate assembly of chips and logic gates that constitute a computer, typically we humans who program it, and we humans who contrived the entire power grid that supplies the electric power to run the computer itself.
While facing the challenges of an ever-growing population that may outnumber even that of China by the beginning of the next century, India remains the largest democracy and one of the top ten industrial powers in the world.
and they want all this power and they want to control all these people and it's not for the people it's for themselves and the way you know that is because they didn't work their way up from the bottom up they went in and they took power and they took authority and they
This observation implies that experiments with pooling have greater power than those without pooling for a fixed number of chips, when conditions are comparable (i.e.
She ushered in (or, more accurately, restored) an era in which political power was seized not through backroom deals and exchanges of money but through cause-based kudos-accumulation.
The predicted species lifetime distribution is a power law.
In 1846, during the course of an unsavory palace intrigue involving an unsolved murder, meddling by the queen, and the massacre of some 100 high-ranking court figures who had been lured to a palace courtyard, the instigator of these events became the power behind the throne.
uh this thing they they gave the guys uh the power and the material and the
For example, a set of four chloroplast genomes (Figures 2and 3) and a set of five mitochondrion genomes (data not shown) from evolutionary divergent sets of organisms were run independently to demonstrate the power and capabilities of CoreGenes.
Event --"On Cultural Power: The Wilson-Brustein Discussion."
A whole generation—my friends and students—became skeptical about the use of military power.
It was finally put down by the intervention of all the great powers, which joined together in an unprecedented alliance.
in power that's not really seeking God and wanting to do good for the people and not deal for selfish motives is very dangerous and i don't see that this one world this new world order that him and Gorbachev keep talking about i just don't see that um
Notice that power curve 7 is not very far from power curve 8, with only one third the number of chips being used.
The tobacco cartel also fractured in 1996 when the runt of the litter, Liggett, sensed the power shifting and cut a separate deal.
Believing in the benevolent power of the saints and developing a special relationship with one particular saint is still a common habit.
The British Labour Party supported the return of domestic policy-making power to Scotland.
um-hum and it's and it's recognized that the two great powers are us and them and and the two great powers are always pitted against each other
Nothing in this title shall be construed to interfere with or impair any program for competitive bidding for power supply in a State in which such program is established.
It is tough slogging, but for the first time I sense that this commission--though divided, underfunded, timid, and without any power beyond exhortation--isn't entirely useless.
It drew its power from religious claims about the humanity of all human beings, and its leaders found their solace in psalms and prayers.
When the Ottoman Empire crumbled in the aftermath of the war, Egypt declared itself an independent kingdom, but real power remained in London.
in hindsight seen some things that i wished that you know i had done something about that was you know within my power or uh
An overview of the simulations performed is given in Table 1and 2. For the purpose of evaluating the relative difference in statistical power between the intersection test and the two marker test, the estimated statistical power of the two marker test was subtracted from that of the intersection test for each of the parameter combinations investigated, and a t -test [ 9 ] was performed to test the null hypothesis that the mean difference in power was zero.
Book -- Gain , by Richard Powers.
The model of the Hebrews’ deliverance from servitude and their ensuing acceptance of God’s law at Mount Sinai have repeatedly appealed to dominant powers of the West and often to opposite sides of the same conflict.
Hopes of setting up a constitutional monarchy were quickly dashed, and Spain was plunged into a century of power struggles at home.
at the tiller than you do say if you're in a power boat
A third approach is to select follow-up times based on maximum power given parameter estimates from previous trials and the effect size that one would like to detect [ 16 ] .
The Power and the Word
7 In the postbellum institutional shakeup, however, the Court would become more aggressive in exercising its power to overrule decisions by other agencies of government.
In 1967 a military dictatorship seized power in Greece.
it's you look at the computer power that the you know the personal computers put on our desk compare it you know with the you know i guess the the first computer i used with a a 7094 or something like that
Notice that power of (n25c5) ≈ power of (n20c20), which suggests that by randomly pooling RNA samples from 5 subjects onto one chip with equal contributions, we can decrease number of chips needed per group from 20 to 5 while number of subjects per group only needs to be increased from 20 to 25.
Perhaps rightly, few of them believe there's enough money, security, fame, power, and love to go around.
Therefore, in such networks a percolating frozen red sea exists, leaving behind isolated green islands, and the distribution of purple damage avalanches is a power law with a finite cuto at about times the square root of the number of genes (Figure .b).
She was a remarkable woman, gaining power as regent for the young Tutmosis II — her stepson — before usurping it for herself by claiming divine right to rule.
buying power over the age of or you know under the age of thirty or so to have some idea what it is anyway a liter's about a quart
Menarcheal age was also inversely related to adult BMI levels in the British Birth Cohort, with a mean difference of 4.1 kg/m 2at age 33 y between women who underwent menarche before age 12 y (n = 159) or after age 15 y (n = 232) [ 7 ] . In agreement with our findings, Power et al.
The WP and LAT front their own election stories--an above-the-fold WP piece says that a shift in Congressional power is unlikely, though the Republicans may well gain several Senate seats.
As the Romans took control of Athens they embellished the site with small additions, but the wake of Christianity and the decline of Roman power saw the Acropolis vulnerable to attack, theft, and vandalism.
yeah i had a uh a uh sixteen foot hundred and nine horse power cylinder one and i i had that for two or three years and then i traded it for a eighteen foot uh two hundred and twenty horsepower V eight
Whether metabolic rate really varies with the three-quarter power of body mass is still debated—some researchers still favor two-thirds, others think that no one exponent fits all the data—but a majority of biologists favor three-quarters.
You apparently represent the same money powers that are seeking to destroy the representative nature of our government.
This was sufficient for the state to bar her admission, and the Supreme Court, with only one justice dissenting, thought this was an acceptable exercise of state power.
Mameluke power was taken by Ottoman Turks in 1517, but little changed on a day-to-day basis as the Turks preferred to use local people to control their more remote dominions.
uh no i just think it's because power corrupt absolutely
4. Repeat steps 2-3 5,000 times for each combination of p 1 and p 2 . Estimate statistical power as the percentage of simulations in which the null hypothesis was rejected.
He sees the power center of the future, and he wants to dominate it.
Law .On a coevolutionary timescale, coevolving autonomous agents as a community attain a self-organized critical state by tuning landscape structure (ways of making a living) and coupling between landscapes, yielding a global power law distribution of extinction and speciation events and a power law distribution of species lifetimes.
Towards the end of the first millennium the land we now call the Netherlands was ruled by a number of feudal lords — assorted counts, dukes, and bishops who had total power over the land and the people who lived on it.
i don't either i i think uh even if people have good intentions and i think crime uh power corrupts or something or to a certain extent you know
As demonstrated in the case of diabetic nephropathy [ 74 ] , the discordant sibling pair approach can have greater power than the concordant sibling pair approach in certain situations.
The protagonist, Roy (Ben Stiller), calls himself Mr. Furious because his anger supposedly gives him powers undreamt of by mere mortals.
President Johnson himself identified with the class of small white farmers in Tennessee, who felt threatened by the potential rise of black political power in the South.
In 1972, however, the left-wing PNP was elected with a massive majority but with little change in the economic power of the people.
just that uh money is power and uh
Using an analogy, we can say that the case study analyst seeks to explain 100 percent of the variance by relying on a data base that includes more variables than most quantitative studies can accommodate, over more points in time, and on a method that draws on the integrative powers of the mind, which computers do not have.
Those inhabiting English's linguistic core may find the phrase cloying, but its popularity in finance and sport, and in the English spoken by non-native speakers, suggests that its colonizing power remains robust.
After his wife’s death, Jagiello ruled both Poland and Lithuania for nearly half a century, establishing a dynasty that would remain in power until 1572.
and in power anywhere i mean they're they're pure fanatics and there's that you know fundamentally no way to deal with a fanatic
The two time constants (for the increase and decrease of delta power) that resulted in the smallest deviation from empirical values within each individual were used to statistically assess genotype effect on the dynamics of delta power [ 10 ] .
The same is true of other sectors: generation of energy (where we've stepped back from nuclear power), and even, with the exception of computer-guided bombs and the like, weaponry.
43 If Congress could elaborate on a constitutional clause securing slavery, surely they enjoyed an analogous power, reasoned Justice Harlan, under an express grant of legislative authority in the Reconstruction Amendments to eliminate slavery and secure equal protection of the laws.
For the next several years the pendulum of power in Spain swung back and forth between Left and Right.
yeah it really is and it's got a lumbar support in the seats adjustable uh power and just kind of brings that support up in the small
Because any organization that is part of the power grid can potentially affect the operation and stability of the entire grid, members of these regional councils come from all segments of the electric industry: investor-owned utilities; federal power agencies; rural electric power cooperatives; state, municipal, and provincial utilities; independent power producers; power marketers; and other interested parties.
Thus "inequity" (or, more accurately, "insufficient redistributive power") is not a good .
His decisions, particularly in the early stages of the war, suggest a willingness to assert extraconstitutional executive power and, thus, to permit the exigencies of war to restructure the government.
But Britain backed this vested interest with tough diplomacy and a powerful navy, while Louis XIV was too wrapped up in his European power plays to pay much attention to French Canada.
also helping each other and you know if you know all the love interoffice love affairs and uh all that all that kind of stuff and you know power struggles to see who's going to be the next uh uh oh
In general, the required sample size depends on several factors: the true magnitude of the change of gene expression (say, d ), the desired statistical power (that is, probability) ( ) to detect the change, and the specified Type I error rate ( ). The problem of how to calculate the number of replicates for any given triplet ( d , , ) is equivalent to that of how the power depends on the pair ( d , ) and the number of replicates, which we consider in the paper.
Economic terms and concepts, on the other hand, have been absorbed into ordinary English by the dozens, mainly for their sheer descriptive power.
Of the ten succeeding amendments from the Sixteenth to the Twenty-Seventh (leaving aside the Eighteenth on Prohibition and the Twenty-First repealing the Eighteenth), seven have addressed the extension of the power of the people to choose their government.
After six years of power, General Oscar Carmona appointed his finance minister, António de Oliveira Salazar, to be Prime Minister, a position he was to hold until 1968.
took that uh went to war with Iraq i think we that was kind of a uh display of power
The weaknesses of the approach are its relative lack of power and the low resolution of the linkage peaks identified.
The solution is obvious: If you want elected officials who put principle ahead of power, voting for women gives you better odds.
The results (Figure .a) are a power law distribution of species lifetimes.
The Khedive Ismael had extravagant plans for numerous great works that were to be financed by Western European powers, but when he became stuck in a financial quagmire, they insisted on bringing in their own advisors to control key institutions.
the dealers the big dealers in drugs may be may be part of the power structure that's keeping us from spending the money in that direction
Personal Communication with Tony Licata, Babcock Borsig Power, February 20, 2002.
Parker is remembered as "a larger-than-life field general who could wield the entire arsenal of the magazine to tell a story with power, insight and drama."
There is now considerable evidence that over the past million years the size distribution of extinction events in the record, in terms of the number of species going extinct per -million-year period, is best understood as a power law, with many small and few large extinction events, (Figure .).
 awesome quality. A mighty power and grandeur emanates from these great mountains, holy to the people who live in their shadow. Whether you’re trekkin
by a stroke of a pen i think our president can forgive foreign debt and that's a lot of power vested in one
Power/type 2 error appears to be a major factor—if the genetic effect is sufficiently large ( HLA in Type 1 diabetes mellitus or CFH in age-related macular degeneration)—or, if the sample size is large, then there appears to be a greater chance of “hard” replication.
In power, the yin reasserts itself.
The answer is the power set, 2 raised to the 2 raised to the 100.
Spanish internal affairs became the concern of other great powers after Charles II died in 1700 without heirs.
and uh so power locks and power windows are just just things that uh uh just really help a lot what about you
The electric power generation sector is also regulated through a variety of traditional and innovative programs.
Today, feminism remains a bad word, but Republicans have adjusted their philosophy of motherhood to accommodate women's political power (hence their attention to "soccer moms").
In the vicinity of that maximum, a power law distribution of avalanches of local extinction events will occur.
Unlikely as it seems now, at one time these sugar islands were close to center stage as the great powers of Europe warred fiercely for world commercial domination.
power in the control of one person
Utility power plants are already installing SCR catalyst for the purpose of NOX SIP Call compliance in 2004.
The Power of Doubled Words
The next step in developing a U.S.-based industry was to bring the machine that took yarn and transformed it into finished cloth—the power loom—across the Atlantic.
Still there was little change in conditions for the black majority, who had no economic or political power.
well it's i didn't really need power windows but it has power you know windows and steering and air conditioning and and uh
Tests with broadband dipoles and different power levels showed that the output signal of the ITREL-III abruptly failed (inhibition) when the interference level was exceeded.
The Independent of London concluded that the "episode only shows how abnormal a state Russia remains, utterly unschooled in the orderly democratic transfer of constitutional power."
8 Because inner cities retained a high proportion of lower income families, increased purchasing power for shelter, food, and clothing shifted to the suburbs.
The Ottoman Sultan agreed to his request and he set about establishing his power base.
the government in power that under what seem what seems to be popular support uh Sandinistas had to a given extent popular support um starts
If Congress "would not have enacted those provisions which are within its power, independently of that which is not," then courts must strike the provisions as a piece.
In 1973, Congress reasserted itself by passing the War Powers Resolution over Nixon's veto.
One would guess that this mildly turbulent process is rather continuous, perhaps with some self-organized critical bursts on a power law scale.
The southernmost monument is the Circular Altar (Yuan Qiu), an open platform dating from 1530 where silk was once burned as a sacrifice to the heavenly powers.
and you can just get as much power as you need up there it's a matter of how big you build it
Thus, we could detect an SNP allele frequency of 0.70 in cases and 0.45 in controls with 80% power.
No, the bond here is Banquo's lease on life and his fatherhood, with great alluding to the supernatural powers of the witches, especially the Third Witch.
As we shall see, the best data now suggest that precisely such a power law distribution of extinction and speciation events has occurred over the past 650 million years of the Phanerozoic.
The House of Orange (with a power base around the small town in France) had claim to lands in the Low Countries, and one member, William the Silent, began to organize opposition to Spanish rule.
because it knocks out power lines and and you just you just absolutely at least when you've got snow just about everybody has four wheel drive vehicles
For example, assigning the cost of power to machine activities by machine hours is an allocation because machine hours are an indirect measure of power consumption.
Eventually his power was restored, and he threw Mount Aetna on top of the independent counsel, ah, monster.
The dissent, written by Justice Harlan, explicitly addressed the problem of unequal bargaining power between owners and bakers:
The moving power behind this unrivaled time of greatness, which has come to be known as the Golden Age, was Pericles.
uh and a and the little uh forty horse power Mazda four door sedan
After the power functions for many possible mk replicates have been obtained, we can determine an appropriate number of replicates by considering all the factors involved, the desired power and Type I error rate, the targeted expression changes and other experimental constraints.
But it added the rider that "this will only happen when the back of Serb resistance has been broken by Nato's air power."
Congress had acquired a general police power in this area comparable to the state legislative power upheld in the Slaughterhouse Case.
With the Dutch concentrating once more on Java and the Moluccas in the 18th century, the Bugis took advantage of the vacuum by raiding Perak and Kedah, imposing their chieftains in Selangor and becoming the power behind the throne in Johor.
use more of the power to the rear wheels um the only catch was the first set of under drive pulleys that i put on it were
[ 22 23 ] However, this categorization reduces the power to detect small associations between fetal exposures and birth weight, unless there is a change in the relationship exactly at the arbitrary cutpoint.
Asked if he was concerned about the increased concentration of economic power, Greenspan replied, "No."
The strong spiritual faith in the power of particular saints was frowned upon by the American church and considered to be an “exaggerated superstitious” belief (Dolan and Hinojosa, 57).
In ancient times Corinth rivaled Athens in its power and influence.
she was from a relatively wealthy family and when uh the Contras came into power
The power analysis outlined above was implemented in the R Language of Statistical Computing [25].
More generally, conspiracism (as Middle East scholar Daniel Pipes calls it) flourishes during turbulent times--revolutions in particular--when long-established orders seem imperiled by uncontrollable events, endangered powers imagine secret plots to undermine them, and the dispossessed worry about persecution.
Measure the size distribution of the avalanches and a power law distribution is revealed, with many small avalanches and few large avalanches (Figure .).
However Ayyubid control was weak and power was usurped by their Turkish slaves, called mamelukes, who succeeded in founding a dynasty that lasted from 1251 to 1517.
yeah now my roomie on the other hand he is a power user
It also serves as an officially recognized ISAC for combating computer-based attacks on the electric power industry.
When World War II ended, Orwell became preoccupied with Stalin's power grab in Eastern Europe and the way those whom he saw as dishonest intellectuals in the West were abetting it.
This 2N set is called the “power set” of the N symbol strings.
Huge representations of rulers like Ramses II illustrate the power held by the throne and by the cult of personality, though there are also tiny sculptures such as a bust of Queen Hatschepsut, which may have stood on a mantle or in a niche, showing that Egyptians were not just fixated by the epic and monumental.
government has all the power to decide who's guilty and who's not they wanted to make checks and balances against that
Currently, power plants are required to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOX) and sulfur dioxide (SO2).
Behind the inflated rhetoric, the Franklin panel has only a slim mandate and little power.
The basic freedoms protected in the first Ten Amendments, ratified in 1791, include freedom of speech and the press, freedom of religion, the right to bear arms, the right to privacy against state intrusion in one’s home and papers, and a plethora of rights designed to protect suspects of crime against the federal government’s power to investigate and prosecute.
The historic heart of Amsterdam has remained unchanged mainly because of people power.
so i don't know in Europe there's a lot of dependency on nuclear power and they recycle the fuel and then instead of of some people are really afraid to recycle the fuel because they're afraid it could become uh bomb quality
In the power analysis we performed, we assumed that we had equal numbers of unvaccinated and vaccinated animals, and that all animals within a group were equally susceptible to infection.
Yesterday, the Clinton administration said exporting encryption is okay, while it also gave law enforcement increased power to combat criminal uses of computers, although not as much as had been contemplated in several working drafts of the decision.
That is, the number of possible static categories of our tiny 100-spin system is about 10 raised to the power written with 1 with 29 zeros after it.
The subsequent power struggle at first split the country into two imperial courts, and then effective control of Japan was splintered for two centuries among scores of daimyo (feudal warlords).
uh it's for uh they got got some money from a power company and it's probably more generating power for you know uh electricity a hundred and twenty volt or whatever
It results from the sovereign power of the Government to directly create money and, although not an inflow of resources from the public, does increase the Government's net position in the same manner as an inflow of resources.
The news was greeted with half-hosannas, since it further establishes the fact that the real power in Northern California is in Silicon Valley, not San Francisco.
Speaking for the majority favoring the autonomy of state power there was Justice Samuel Miller, appointed to the Court by Lincoln in 1862, and on the other side, we encounter three passionate opinions expressing sympathy for the plight of the independent butchers.
The power struggle, with strong overtones of absolutism versus liberalism, excited the interest and intervention of other powers.
the power given to those people is just well beyond it should be
If the goal is to show comparability to usual care, then studies must provide adequate statistical power to show that the lack of a difference truly exists.
Your writing has the power to evoke strong visual images in the mind's eye and for that very reason I feel you should show restraint when reviewing a film early in its release.
Through their buying power, traditional retailers could dramatically lower the direct costs of procurement and, in the process, usurp the role of wholesalers in the apparel distribution system.
He appeased the other provinces by conceding important new powers in shared-cost programs, immigration, and appointments to the Supreme Court and Senate.
yeah yeah um i don't know i always like to to look for something a little with a little more power that's that's that's my main complaint against um like Toyota is because i think they always under power their cars
Says Powers, "This grant will help provide our students with valuable professional
Bad weather, presidential assassinations, and power outages all have resulted in the closing of the market.
This part of the power stroke is called “adiabatic expansion.”
Its prized possessions are two: the haunting Volto Santo (Holy Face), a wooden crucifix said to have been carved by Nicodemus and possessing miraculous powers; and the graceful white marble tomb of Ilaria del Carretto Guinigi by master Sienese sculptor Jacopo de lla Quercia (1408) in the former sacristy.
and uh they're looking at where you have a battery operated car basically but it has a a engine in the back that charges it so the engine kicks on when the batteries need power and it turns off
Except for the catalyst, most of the material/equipment used to assemble an SCR system is either standard mechanical and electrical components (pumps, blowers, valves, piping, heaters, pressure vessels, temperature and pressure sensors, etc.) or is largely manufactured for other power plant applications and has been adopted for use in SCR systems (cleaning devices such as soot blowers or sonic horns, gas analyzers, etc.).
Meanwhile, DeLay will retain the only true power base in the House Republican Caucus: a 60-odd member whip organization, the best access to corporate campaign contributions, and a fearsome personality.
With the assassination in April 1865 of the man who had preached a new order of ideas, the United States became a country obsessed with power.
In just 40 years, Japan had established itself as a viable world power.
thing that happens and it's like a spirit of witchcraft it's like a a bad spirit goes over that nation because you have these people that want they're power hungry
This phenomenon must be considered in calculations of sample size and power during design of future trials, and also may influence how clinical and regulatory bodies interpret trial results.
The self-styled "awkward old maid," immune to the blandishments of Beltway power, is supposedly the beefy substance of this superficial government.
If the postbellum constitutional order were taken seriously, as an independent source of constitutional law, its legislative provisions would be construed as liberally as the grants of legislative authority under the “interstate commerce” clause and the other provisions of Article I defining the power of Congress in the old Constitution.
Glitzy hotels went up in a hurry, supported by new boulevards, power plants, and a superhighway.
and sure you can veto veto it at the last minute but then it's not like you have all that power and i think along time ago Presidents did have a lot of power and i think we're
When = 20%, the naive method has slightly better power when bias is absent.
[S]aying that our only hope is to cultivate a kind of stoned aesthetic detachment whereby even a man with his brains blown out becomes an object of beauty and a signpost to a Higher Power.
Major Horace Bell (1927) states: “In any country in America except the United States, the bold defiance of the power of the government, a half year’s successful resistance, a continuous conflict with the military and civil authorities and the armed populace—the writer repeats that in any other country in America other than the United States—the operations of Joaquín Murrieta would have been dignified by the title of revolution, and the leader with that of rebel chief.
De facto power was exercised by the militarily and economically strongest family.
oh wow i that's one of the things we've been fortunate with is our wiring been okay we don't have a we don't have enough power
Truth is the basis for the power of a whistleblower, one that can withstand the assault of unprecedented odds against being heard put forth by that sum of political power, expediency, and money.
A nationwide poll that the LAT plays big both in an off-lead story and a big top-of-the-page graphic suggests that by a large margin Americans support the use of force against Iraq and additionally think the purpose of an airstrike should be to remove Saddam Hussein from power.
The Court had assumed the power to declare federal and state laws unconstitutional ever since Chief Justice John Marshall so interpreted our basic charter in 1803.
Roads are refreshingly free of traffic; a prime source of motive power is still the tiny ponies pulling unlikely loads in two-wheeled traps.
i hope not i we will we will do everything in our power not for it to
Although we can point to these cases, it is important to realize that for most of the scenarios no difference in power was observed (see Figure 1).
Besides, what other kind of saw would he (or Shakespeare) have known, power tools then being in their infancy?
The end of the Philadelphia Declaration resonates with another invocation of a higher power: “with a firm reliance on the protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.”
The threat of overfishing has been cut back, and, in a province where revenues from hydroelectric power are second only to those of Québec, the energy industry has been prevented from damming the Fraser so as not to damage the salmon’s spawning grounds.
it had all the features i needed the uh you know the power and the uh adjustability and power windows and things like that
William Powers, UT law school dean, says the project will benefit the students who participate, teaching them early in their careers about the need for pro bono service.
Power Gel's consistency was like a more viscous yogurt.
More, if species and genera have a power law distribution of lifetimes, what of firms?
Armed with almost absolute powers, Solon produced a constitution advancing the ideal of equality before the law for citizens of all classes, set up a trial-by-jury system, freed the peasantry from debt to landowners, and introduced far-sighted reforms that revived the languishing economy.
uh on uh well it was actually it was put on by the power companies and about the various sources of energy and
Power plants might install equipment one year that is rendered obsolete the next.
Today, some poor soul (two actually) at the Wall Street Journal has to write about Scottish Power's expected announcement that it has agreed to acquire PacifiCorp, yadda yadda, but elsewhere in the paper, another reporter lucks out.
In the Carnot cycle, completion of the work cycle involved the cylinder piston system doing exergonic work on the external world during the power stroke, then the outside world doing work on the cylinder piston system when you pushed on the piston to recompress the working gas.
The monarchies regrouped to force him from power in 1814.
to prevent that kind of misuse of power
From an enforcement perspective, the SEC has certain civil enforcement powers that it can use to address violations of the nation's securities laws.
Rather than swallow Saddam's bluster about inspections and sanctions, the U.S. should actively pursue the removal of Saddam from power.
At step 3, the end of the power stroke, you push on the handle, pushing the cylinder into contact with the low-temperature reservoir, T2.
It was the seat of power for anyone who ruled the region, control of which passed from Scotland to England many times over the centuries.
and but if you look back you say wait a minute while he was in power he built roads he tore down all the temples he
It is superior to the single-step methods proposed by Bonferroni and Šidák by allowing different p values to be adjusted differently; therefore the power of the procedure is improved.
And last March, an inspector was able to smuggle a fake pistol into the nuclear power plant in Vernon, Vermont.
And conservatives, who are generally skeptical of the power of government, would do well to ponder the analogies between Prohibition and the drive for prayer in the schools or the criminalization of flag burning.
A strong independence party, the Wafd, gained political power during the 1920s and became a prominent force throughout the next few decades.
absolute power corrupts absolutely
In this paper, we addressed the question of how many replicates are needed to achieve adequate power while considering an efficient technical procedure that is applicable in microarray experiments.
Kael called Mean Streets "a triumph of personal film-making," and even though it may be the single most imitated movie of the past 30 years--cf The Pope of Greenwich Village, State of Grace, Federal Hill, Boyz N the Hood , etc.--it has lost remarkably little of its freshness and power.
Given eight treatment regimes, the control, and the seven other treatments consisting of all combinations of one or more of his three perturbations, in principle, there are three raised to the seventh power, or about ,, possible patterns of response.
The Vandals, who destroyed almost all evidence of the Roman occupation, settled in North Africa, becoming a sea power.
get more power over that Arab
The goal of image-based patient selection is to narrow the range of patient characteristics, leading to a more homogeneous sample, reducing within-group variance, and increasing the statistical power of the experimental design to demonstrate efficacy.
Why did the equally conservative Richard Gid Powers call Heilbrunn's accusations against Yale "absurd" and existing "only in the minds of the pathologically suspicious" on the same page?
Perhaps the very brevity of Lincoln’s words lent them additional power.
It has a fine central portal with reliefs of Old Testament scenes on its pilasters sculpted with great dignity and power by Siena-born master Jacopo della Quercia.
power boat then there's always uh stuff to go wrong with it the sailboat at least doesn't have an engine to mess up but you still have to
The hardware items such as steel, piping, nozzles, pumps, soot blowers, fans, tower packing, and related equipment required for a typical SCR, FGD, or ACI systems installation are used in large industries such as construction, chemical production, auto production, and power production.
In Russia Tuesday, Izvestiya published a rare interview with President Boris Yeltsin in which he said he will retire next year when his current term of office ends and hand over power to a successor elected by the people.
The individual state governments must not only guarantee due process for all persons within their jurisdiction, they must also secure “the equal protection of the laws” for all to whom their power extends.
One Kwakiutl giant accompanied by two slaves, emphasizing the homeowner’s power and prestige, originally supported a massive central roof beam.
right i don't see them in positions in power in corporations either not many
The more I learn about the cost and inefficiencies of the current and future regulatory regime to which power generators will be subjected if we do not have new legislation, the more I am convinced that we can --and must -- develop a smarter approach that protects the environment and public health while reducing the cost to consumers and industry and optimizing the size of both the state and federal government machinery necessary to achieve that protection.
Utah Jazz power forward Karl Malone.
Yet, the Constitution of 1787 studiously avoids any word suggestive of a power higher than the will of the people.
In recent elections, power has alternated between parties backing the status-quo and those preferring even closer ties with the United States, though a referendum in 1998 defeated a move towards statehood.
uh but of course the people who have challenged that or tried to do on it have have not been world powers
This could help explain why NREMS delta power is chronically high in cry1,2 -/-mice.
Its subject isn't the power of "enchantment" but the power of Benigni to celebrate, Jerry Lewis-like, his own beautiful martyrdom.
Law .On a coevolutionary timescale, coevolving autonomous agents as a community attain a self-organized critical state by tuning landscape structure (ways of making a living) and coupling between landscapes, yielding a global power law distribution of extinction and speciation events and a power law distribution of species lifetimes.
Expatriate Cubans settled in nearby Florida, establishing a colony that would steadily gain in political and economic power.
and that they're basically rejecting that power structure in favor of another which is you know return to a fundamentalist thing i mean it's not to unlike what happened in the United States
The results of this study show that a population of even 200 subjects lacks the needed statistical power since the modest statistical associations are well below the standards set for the reporting of true association [ 88 ] . In order to adhere strictly to these guidelines, power estimates suggest that N = 600 subjects will be needed to reach these criteria for genetic studies of executive attention using the ANT.
In a familiar pattern, we have Grolsch bringing up the rear, with less than one-quarter the Taste-o-meter power of Busch , the No.
Smolin’s rough answer is that the volume of parameter space for the constants of nature that would yield a complex universe are something like raised to the minus th power.
Elaborate carvings on the walls of both buildings depict Amenophis making offerings to the gods in thanks for his divine power.
very performance power i mean they're there is yeah big time
The payments made by Federal employees are in the nature of taxes, compulsory payments demanded by the Government through the exercise of its power to compel payment.
Much of the power of his bilious attacks comes from a righteous Christian sense of sin.
My rough bet is that systems capable of coevolutionary construction, such as British common law, can evolve and accumulate complexity because they are somehow self-organized critical, and a power law distribution of avalanches of implications of new precedent ricochet in the law and in other complex coevolving systems to allow complexity to accumulate.
Sweden had become the strongest military power in Europe after the Thirty Years’ War, and in the mid-17th century, it set its expansionist sights on Poland.
you know power structure and that power structure happens to be religiously aligned and aligned with uh you know a religious based monarchy in a lot of those countries
Delta power was calculated as the average EEG power in the delta (1-4 Hz) frequencies for epochs scored as NREMS.
Now they are saying Bill Clinton's coattails might just be long enough for the Democrats to ride back into power.
All players are, on average, fitter in the sense of surviving as species for much longer periods, yet the ecosystem appears self-organized critical with a power law distribution of extinction events.
By 1204 Dublin Castle was the center of English administrative power in Ireland.
yeah i agree i been interesting to see how Gorbachev has uh been releasing the power to Yeltsin including including the uh button for the nuclear arsenals
But perhaps most troubling is the way celebrities, with their star power, can help to fundamentally shift the public debate about major health problems.
One of photography's most terrible strengths is its power to accuse.
The remarkable feature of this ideal-bearing language is that it protects all persons within the power of the state—all those whom the state can touch with its legal power.
One can’t fail to marvel at the feat of design and organization that resulted in millions of individual stone blocks being transported to the site and placed precisely one atop another with very little error in alignment, all without the aid of power tools or lifting equipment.
you know the atrocities that they've commit and the drug dealings and in the just in the drug crimes because i feel like a lot of the leadership of those nations are so engrossed in the drug crimes that until they repent or they're moved from power
The screens contained within the LSTAT were selected to reduce power consumption and minimize light emission.
The paradox is that while a deal would shore up Newt's position, he hasn't got enough power to negotiate one.
An institution emerged to articulate and preserve this myth of autonomous states enjoying residual powers under the Tenth Amendment, and that institution was the Supreme Court.
The liberal constitution, the oldest in the modern world after that of the United States, provided for the separation of powers among legislative, judicial and executive branches of the government.
the lightning flashed in through the power and uh hurt something in it so it wasn't the set's fault at all it was just uh one of those circumstances
Next, we consider the effects of both aspects on statistical power.
All nuclear power operators in China are required to have licenses and be well-trained."
There was no economic infrastructure outside the plantation system, and power remained in the hands of a small minority of white and mixed-race individuals.
and then the power went off again lightning or something knocked it out and we hooked it back up and now it's running ten or fifteen minutes fast again but on the east side of the house it runs fine
An overview of the simulations performed is given in Table 1and 2. For the purpose of evaluating the relative difference in statistical power between the intersection test and the two marker test, the estimated statistical power of the two marker test was subtracted from that of the intersection test for each of the parameter combinations investigated, and a t -test [ 9 ] was performed to test the null hypothesis that the mean difference in power was zero.
After all, he fervently participated in the anti-Vietnam movement, and the War Powers Resolution was a great triumph of that movement.
Theodore Parker, among other devout leaders of the movement, preached against “the Slave Power” in tones that made one think that the devil was marching into the new territories.
Even if you don’t believe in its mystic powers, jade’s aesthetic appeal cannot be denied.
i do think one of the effects was that the uh people involved in that kind of an um activity were surprised at the power that the media had on um intervening and probably
For concordant sibling pairs, assuming that the candidate locus is near a stroke susceptibility locus (θ > 0), power depends upon λ s (sibling recurrence risk) and λ o (offspring recurrence risk).
It vanishes as soon as the subject turns to the Internet and its alleged power to transform our lives.
In fact, you will achieve a characteristic size distribution called a “power law.”
A President with honorary (rather than political) powers is chosen by an Electoral Assembly of parliamentary and regional representatives.
and keep his power but well
Figure 11shows the E field distribution for 1800 MHz at a transmit power of 0.14 W, which corresponds to the observed interference level at 1800 MHz.
Last week, the NYT reported that for the first time ever the U.S. military has asked for the power to take charge in the case of major terrorist strikes on American soil.
We discussed the power law distribution of extinction events in the biological record.
During his rule, Balinese power, culture, and influence reached a peak, with a boom in temple building and the associated crafts of sculpture and woodcarving.
um-hum so they're saying that government officials would tend to be power seekers but
The existence of at least eight hypervariable loci exponentially increases the discriminative power of the assay for the characterization of closely related strains beyond the biovar level.
We do not pay taxes for any one reason, nor do we have veto power over particular expenditures.
High demand uncertainty, previously associated only with fashion products, is now pervasive, characterizing even those items once regarded as basics—such as power tools, industrial seals, men’s dress shirts, and blue jeans.
She, too, is deified and in a façade of six colossi 111/2 m (38 ft) high stands at equal height to her husband — a very rare honor for a consort in Egypt — though his statues outnumber hers by 2:1, a more subtle indication of his supreme power.
we've got power surges on the west side of our house we've got our stereo hooked up
Post-SD delta power was compared to baseline during the first hour of spontaneous sleep subsequent to SD, while NREMS amount and bout duration (Table 2) were compared over 12 hours (ZT6-ZT18), in accordance with the distinct dynamics of the compensatory responses of these variables to SD [ 57 ] . NREMS bouts were defined as periods of NREMS initiated by three consecutive 10-second epochs of NREMS and terminated by three consecutive epochs not classified as NREMS.
Money hasn't supplanted power but may have matched it.
Were these restrictions on the butchering trade an “involuntary servitude” as prohibited by the Thirteenth Amendment, or were they a violation of the “privileges and immunities” of citizenship, either state or federal, or an infringement against the state’s duty to accord all persons subject to its power both due process of law and the equal protection of the laws?
The Germans responded by installing in power a Hungarian fascist group called the Arrow Cross.
well how do they compare with like um you know the the big um the big you know the ones that that took up a whole room in the sixties i mean how would you you know power wise was that less well actually less powerful
A minimum significance level for type I errors (alpha) of P < 0.0001 is based on the recommendations of Lander and Kruglyak [ 88 ] . Using a computer-based power determination algorithm, a minimum sample size of N = 600 is required to achieve a power of 95%.
If the Chinese leadership under President Jiang Zemin emerges more confident of its power, this will give Hong Kong more leeway to run its own affairs.
If the engine is operated more rapidly, hence irreversibly, the temperature is held nearly constant during this part of the power stroke, thus this section of the power stroke is called the “isothermal expansion portion” of the Carnot work cycle.
For a guided tour of the high points, check out the 2-hour Haight-Ashbury Flower Power Walking Tour offered Tuesdays and Saturdays at 9:30am (Tel.
and sure you can veto veto it at the last minute but then it's not like you have all that power and i think along time ago Presidents did have a lot of power and i think we're
Power calculations were performed using GraphPad StatMate version 1.01i (GraphPad Software).
A WP op-ed by two former government nuclear power specialists details an important fact about India's nuclear weapons program that has drawn little notice: the plutonium India dipped into for its recent bomb tests was provided nearly forty years ago as part of an "Atoms for Peace" reactor built by Canada and fueled by the U.S.
It is a syndrome, a folk illness, believed to be transmitted by certain individuals, witches, some think, who have a special power.
Agricultural machinery such as coffee bean huskers can be seen in the original buildings, and the water mill and canals, which harnessed the power of the Canas River, are now in working order.
pure power hitter anyway i mean i don't like these guys that get up there and swing for the downs every time i mean uh i think that uh that a player ought to hit a home run if he's got the pitch to do it
Whichever of these two forms are chosen, the goal should be a structure- codified by resolution with powers expressly granted and carefully limited- allowing a relatively small group of members of Congress, given time and reason to master the subject and the agencies, to conduct oversight of the intelligence establishment and be clearly accountable for their work.
Praising Alan Greenspan's record as he embarks on a fourth term as its chairman, the FT said, however, that "the concentration of so much policymaking power in the hands of one individual does not constitute international best practice.
25 For the government to serve as the vanguard of a new constitutional order, the people must trust officials in Washington with additional powers and run the risk of governmental abuse.
When Roman power split in two, the eastern Byzantine Empire inherited the island (though its hold on islands in the south of its dominion were, in reality, nominal).
but the idea the merit the thought of somebody who publicly was a member of the Ku Klux Klan is pretty repulsive being in a position of power like that
For morphometric traits such as brain weight, with narrow sense heritabilities of around 0.5, 100 RI strains will provide a level of precision and power that is conservatively equivalent to that of 600-1,000 F2 intercross progeny.
He played Tom Powers, a street punk who gets rich running booze during Prohibition, grows too big for his britches, and winds up being shot.
The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
In August 1992 the Progressive Liberal Party, still headed by Lynden O. Pindling, was toppled by the Free National Movement after 25 years in power.
uh couple of years ago we had uh America uh was a one of the leading powers and one of the strongest nations in the world as far as economics were concerned and now we're
Our power analysis reveals that we might have missed a positive result if all non-responders had answered in a way to favor an intervention effect.
Will the 21st century see still more diversification of English and encouragement of that diversity or more standardization and conformity to the medium employed by major industrial powers?
But the mandate of equal justice for men and women requires that we inquire whether in light of the existing power structure, the participation of the women is really voluntary.
Lured by the promise of treasure galleons and stores of ammunition, some pirates worked independently; others, however, were employed by the various European crowns, particularly the British, to help carry on their power struggles in the colonial world.
because because when you you know you can like pick Dodge for instance they got two sizes of mini vans one's the extra long and then the other the extra long option with all the power options you know windows locks and the nice stereo
In principle the power of pooling studies can be improved by creating multiple pools from the same individuals (reducing pool-formation errors) and multiple measurement of allele frequencies (reducing the pool-measurement error).
When the first Tarzan books were published, the British Empire ruled the waves, the United States had recently joined the ranks of imperial powers, and white supremacy was the norm in the United States and throughout the world.
Given a set of possible initial lisp expressions, say, N diVerent expressions, the diVerent subsets, or bundles, that are possible are just two raised to the Nth power.
Süleyman, known in Turkish as Kanuni (The Lawgiver), reigned from 1520 to 1566, during which period the empire attained the height of its wealth and power.
and uh uh major powers like uh the the British and the central European economies being less and less dependent upon that kind of industry
If the vaccine is 90% effective ( VE S = 0.9), i.e., it reduces the susceptibility by a factor of ten, the number of animals per group could be as low as five to achieve more than 95% statistical power.
Rod Cross, a tennis-obsessed Australian physicist, went to the lab to figure out the science behind Pete Sampras' power serve.
The citizen should be able to address representatives of the U.S. government in person, make claims against the higher power, and receive its protection as a citizen abroad or on the high seas.
There were once more than 70 towers — erected as symbols of its merchants’ power and prestige — until the town’s Florentine conquerors ordered them dismantled in the 14th century.
they'll say and here those of us at Dalmarva Power which is our power company you know we now recycle forty five percent of our solid waste and they
Second, although it is amongst the largest studies analyzing of genetic differences based on carcinogen exposure, the sample size remains small limiting statistical power to detect existing differences.
The St. Petersburg Times said that "Yeltsin's problem seems to be that he wants to be remembered as having overseen the first democratic transfer of political power in Russia--but at the same time doesn't want to give up power.
The power law distribution implies that there is no preferred size scale in the system.
Despite the distraction of the constant crowds (quiet is requested), visitors seem to yield to the power of Michelangelo’s ceiling, and his Last Judgement (restored in 1994).
yeah well unless they finally do take care of it themselves but you know you kind of have to wonder whether it's going to be any better with uh you know depending on whether it Shiite Muslim or uh or the Kurds in power but uh you know
For CASP4, predictions were made with computing power 1/4th of the capability shown.
I was as least equally interested in--and impressed by--Cook's awareness of how much Eleanor came to savor power.)
As in the economic context, power tends toward exploitation.
Nonetheless, since ancient times the Dead Sea has been known for its healing powers.
you know there the military still has a lot of power
the projected impact of the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowancesavailable starting in 2018 and the projected impact of adjusting any of the limitations on the total annual amounts of allowances available starting in 2018 under paragraph (a)(1) on the safety and reliability of affected EGUs under subpart 2 of part B, subpart 2 of part C, or part D and on fuel diversity within the power generation sector;
The Washington Post off-leads this development, but goes instead with continuing post-Floyd power outages up and down the East Coast.
The nation as a prepolitical reality finds its embodiment in the apparatus of state power.
The missionary influence waned, and the royal court asserted its power, as well as its love of luxury.
and it was um you know it was definitely a projection of US power
The discriminatory power of the different CTX isoforms or CTX ratios in distinguishing groups from controls was assessed using T or Z scores (i.e.
What a concentration of worldwide power!
The number of orbits among configurations that constitute the power set of classes of the 100 spins is vastly larger than the number of static categories.
The most important are clustered around three adjoining squares: the triangular Piazza della Cisterna named after the city’s 13th-century travertine well, surrounded by elegant palaces; the Piazza del Duomo, grouping church and town hall as the center of civic and religious power; and the Piazza delle Erbe ­market place with twin Salvucci towers.
but when those when those people leave uh the power's going to go um there isn't really anything here because we're not really big enough so the economy is going to going to suffer i think because the the
For the African American group, we generally have power for relatively high-frequency polymorphisms in controls (approximately 45%-50%) and detectable differences of 40% in cases (0.
Would you like the power to drive nine hundred people to collective suicide like Jim Jones?
First, the federal and state governments used powers of enforcement to seek compliance with labor standards.
As the center of power shifted from Athens to Alexandria, Macedonian troops occupied Athens twice — first in 322 and then in 262 b.c.
well i think it's easy to you know once you get in the position of power it's easy to just sort of relax and uh abuse that power just naturally without hardly trying
The Federal Reserve was established by Act of Congress pursuant to the Government's sovereign power over the nation's money, and its investment in Treasury securities is necessary for carrying out its monetary function.
Sports junkies hoard trivia for the same reason political junkies lock their remotes on C-SPAN and Hollywood obsessives salivate over the Academy Awards pre-game show: Power.
The argument was close, but in the end the advocates of state power won in the Supreme Court the battle they could not win on the killing fields.
Despite the symbolic gesture, Castile, the power center of Spain, exclusively exploited New World riches, excluding Barcelona for 300 years.
power mower with that with a with a pull tractor on it so i don't have to push so hard
The remaining 20 parameter combinations showed 10 as having no difference in statistical power, while the remaining 10 favored the intersection test.
Nelson Rockefeller was born into a family of such wealth, power, and influence that it's hard to understand how he could have been so perennially eager to please.
As the power stroke initiates, the working gas expands and starts to cool.
Other European powers began to put pressure on the defending forces, and British naval power in the area was badly stretched.
that that makes sense so to speak you know this is a government that stays in power that can stay in power but it seems like most of them don't
9 efficiency/energy intensity of the electric power industry
One antagonist says Putin was dubbed "Stasi" (the name of the former East German secret service) for wielding behind-the-scenes power.
In Figure 3.2, the adiabatic expansion step carries the system from step 2 to step 3, the end of the power stroke, a point where the pressure is at the lowest point, and the volume of the working gas is at the highest point of the work cycle.
Land was divided into provinces and prefectures, with power vested in a central government staffed by highly educated bureaucrats.
you know their their income is less and yet they're being taxed at the same rate and therefore it hurts their spending power but you know i've heard different ideas to where they will make it so that uh you know depending on your income that it'll be maybe a different level of tax but
I think it almost does not matter what the judge does since it's clear that the balance of power is shifting again, although it not clear where it will land.
She has embraced the markers of dignity, refinement and power."
President Bush approved military plans to attack Afghanistan in meetings with Central Command's General Franks and other advisers on September 21 and October 2. Originally titled "Infinite Justice," the operation's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan:"Enduring Freedom."
Within about two months of the start of combat operations, several hundred CIA operatives and Special Forces soldiers, backed by the striking power of U.S. aircraft and a much larger infrastructure of intelligence and support efforts, had combined with Afghan militias and a small number of other coalition soldiers to destroy theTaliban regime and disrupt al Qaeda.
23 In the mid-nineteenth century, it was relatively easy to believe that we were in the grip of a great historical force, possibly emanating from a higher power.
All state power is obligated both to protect and respect autonomy, by eliminating slavery and involuntary servitude.
As my rewriting of the Thirteenth Amendment would have it: Securing and protecting the autonomy of labor would become the duty of all state power.
and have some judge that was paid off or you know had good a good old boy network or for whatever reasons you know politics just let all kinds of people through so he he would have a heck or she would have a heck of a lot of power
We had to stay in a hotel, a ratty hotel at that, because there was no power, no--.
This information becomes relevant, it is said, to Justice Department officials monitoring the distribution of voting power in congressional districts.
Disappointed with the Western powers, Dr. Sun Yat-sen turned for support to the leaders of the young Soviet regime.
Empowerment refers to meeting the needs of girls and women so that they can freely exercise the power to determine and direct their lives.
Because you'd hear furniture crashing, but I can remember we went straight over to the window and we still had power, but we went straight to the window and it was just, I honestly, I think, thought we were going to die.
Carnot, like others at the time, realized that part of the success achieved by the English had to do with early industrial economic power.
The Slaves), St. Matthew, and a Pietà — each a fascinating revelation of how Michelangelo released their power from the marble.
I, I like, uh, uh, those kinds of things that talk about why people do what they do when they're in positions of political power or aspiring to positions of political power.
All state power is obligated to protect it and respect it.”
When Ramses built these temples in the 13th century b.c. , he was at the height of his power and was stamping his mark all around his Kingdom.
The working people historically assert their power
yeah and it's certainly and it's certainly been going on over there for hundreds of years and it's going to continue as long as you have so many diverse groups that are that are vying for power it's going to happen all the time
In nocturnal rodents, lesioning the SCN results in more fragmented sleep, with lower EEG delta power, but leaving the daily sleep time unchanged [ 6 7 8 31 ] . Lesioning the SCN in a diurnal primate, the squirrel monkey, did result in an increase in NREMS time, but sleep was more fragmented, with a higher proportion of 'light' NREMS [ 5 ] ; i.e., with lower overall levels of EEG delta power.
In the name of universal service, the federal Rural Electrification Administration spends $33 million subsidizing electric power for upcountry customers.
Power in the form of electricity, water—especially if items like jeans are to be washed—and a phone are about all that is required.
However, during the decisive years between 2140–2040 b.c. , a split occurred between the two Kingdoms when rival power bases arose in Heliopolis in Lower Egypt and Thebes (modern Luxor) in Upper Egypt.
Can I bear to watch them invent power hierarchies of gender, occupation, accumulated wealth, religion or other devilments without acting to help them?
playing power broker they're not going to do anything to tap tap out the well
The overall employment outlook for boilermakers should be quite good, considering the work created by a multipollutant initiative and the work on new power plants that is projected over the next 20 years.
Protestant unionists rejected a plan to implement last year's peace accord on the grounds that the plan requires sharing power with the political wing of the still-armed Irish Republican Army.
And I thought, "What magnitude of power it would take to move the LAX airport?"
The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
If you insert a finger, it comes out damp — the moisture is known to have miraculous healing powers, especially for eye diseases.
Others feel shame too, but our shame is inscribed with the dichotomies and hierarchies of masculine power in our own particular gay male way, as constructed by the social processes (gender, class, race, geographic accident) of the last several centuries.
and even that's you know small time mostly uh the biggest chunk of what's going on there is is uh industries coal mines and chemical plants and power plants
IPM can be used to evaluate the cost and emissions impacts of proposed policies to limit emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon dioxide (CO2), and mercury (Hg) from the electric power sector.
A spate of explicit "parental responsibility" laws passed by states and communities over the last couple of years give judges the power to make parents pay for juvenile detention or undergo counseling with their kids.
I, I like, uh, uh, those kinds of things that talk about why people do what they do when they're in positions of political power or aspiring to positions of political power.
This tendency to take the Courts at face value derived largely from academic skepticism about the possibility of a higher law prevailing over the uses of judicial power in our understanding of what the Constitution really required.
The Congress Party regained power, however, following Rajiv Gandhi’s assassination by a Tamil suicide bomber during election campaigns in 1991.
Sexuality is one of the confusing connections/disconnections that is infused with power and powerlessness, and is--like all other processes--actually not composed of self and other, in and out, good and bad, creative and destructive, because these binaries are inadequate but just about as far as our brains can go with the delusions of continuity and self-identity.
work around or go through two or three different steps to get to the the final one but i am amazed at the power
Only to a limited extent are they like regulatory user fees, based on the Government's power to regulate particular businesses or activities.
In a country where form and substance were inextricably interrelated, two things counted in politics: symbolic authority and real power.
Powers of beings revealing their being to our eyes and ears
yeah the press has a lot of power
Optimal statistical power (minimal false-negative rate) is ensured when using a likelihood-ratio test statistic, as demonstrated by the Pearson-Neyman Theorem [ 28].
The contributors repeat this figure as though it had talismanic power.
The image of Guadalupe provides support for those who believe in her divine power as the deliverer from oppression.
Over the next several hundred years a series of dynasties, some led by foreign rulers, held power under almost constant threat from usurpers at home and abroad.
Bush and Kerry both use the rhetoric of American security and American power, but neither will admit that it's not even about this country.
well we get the same things trees being uprooted limbs falling all over the place power lines getting
spent much more than originally planned to develop and acquire its weapon systems, significantly reducing the department's buying power over the years.
It is interesting to note that one of the most successful vocabulary books bears the title, It Pays to Increase Your Word Power , that is, not something like “It Pays to Increase Your Vocabulary.
He's also really big into the Hell's Angels and he brought about 50 of his friends to it and the wedding took place in a hotel one of those classic areas where you have, you have the weddings, and it was, ah, basically a really stormy night, real stormy and the power went out, and it was open bar so now we've got, ah, 50 Hell's Angels, no power, and it's the middle a summer, so it is getting really hot in there, you know, there's, there's no lights so you know there's a few emergency power lights that people brought, ah, and they had some sort of battery they were using for the ah for the radio system and it was, it was getting really crazy in there because we had Hell's Angels running around without shirts on, uh, people highly intoxicated, I remember by 10 year old cousin saying, "Bottom's up, Thomas!
Now that manufacturers of power tools and ball bearings talk about their products as “fashion” items, the apparel industry—always subject to the whims of fashion—has much to say to any industry that involves retailing.
As Greek colonial power grew weak from Athens-Sparta rivalry back home and pressure from Phoenicians in Sicily, the vacuum was filled by an uppity confederation of Latin and Sabine tribes living on seven hills known collectively as Rome.
Confronts the dead power of capitalist command
i've always uh felt that uh uh one of the long term solutions that at least a few of our problems would be to have uh some sort of uh solar power satellites up
One-hundred interviews were needed to insure adequate statistical power.
-- This may seem sexist, but it's not: It's gurrrll power, like at Sears.
They had power, right, electricity.
But that computer is an open nonequilibrium thermodynamic system, its openness visibly realized by the plug and power line that connects the computer to the electric power grid.
But they concentrated their power more for commercial than military gain, showing a taste for the good life rather than a hunger for an empire.
Power of leaving, watch all the past die, you don't need us.
you know it was and you know and and they and we didn't have power for a week and there are still people who don't have power it's it's oh yeah it's been over it's been ten days already and there are still something like
Significant cost savings can be achieved for power generators and consumers through a comprehensive legislative package.
It also instructs them about how things can be different from what they are in today's China--where all power resides in the bloody hands of a narrow oligarchy and a broader party of bootlickers.
and on top that spending a good portion of my earlier years in the military as a Green Beret i definitely respect the power of weaponry
A core group can begin the work, but structural and programmatic changes -- mentoring, opportunities to talk about real problems and see solutions implemented, power sharing, diverse boards of Directors, new definitions of leadership --will be necessary to achieve lasting change.
It will reduce the power of money.
i think that that's right i think i think a lot of that right there and and i think that that's where you come into the private schools the private schools have more power
Most recently, GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group, which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers.
Power, the consumer research firm that uses public opinion polls to rate products.
but you know people are buying them you know whose buying them the power company
If we can have an estimate of f 0, mk  , then we can obtain the corresponding power function ( d , ) for mk replicates in the same way as described earlier for m replicates.
And it has that power because its network has been architected to give it that power.
i don't know so that's kind of my thing on the war i'm kind of like nah it's all power plays you know there's so much stuff going on we don't know about
In adult mice, SC was lined with attenuated endothelial cells and at low power several giant vacuoles were always present (Figure 5E).
Women's fashion hasn't been the same since, and the feminine appeal of muted black clothes, later extended to menswear for women, has kept its mainstream power.
i've the only the only thing i see about Cuba though is uh after Fidel Castro dies i don't think there'll be Communist power anymore i i can't see Communism in that country carrying on past him
Even the lower boundary of the GSM power specifications (1.
And in his most recent anti-terrorism proposal, which he tried to wing through Congress in the wake of the TWA 800 disaster, Clinton requested vast new wiretapping powers for the FBI.
i i i and i don't quite understand why the power base uh doesn't uh
Weestimated the power by calculating the percentage of datasets wherethe correct functional SNPs were identified.
Unionization shows "how aggrieved many doctors feel," says the Washington Post . It changes the image of physicians who have "sometimes arrogantly presented themselves as part of an elite profession as opposed to members of a workers' group," says the New York Times , and it "may turn out to be a strong force against health plans that unfairly use their market power to limit quality of care."
it's fine for my size yard but uh it really doesn't have the power of a gas motor
Special diligence was taken to measure the radiated power (forward minus reflected power).
George Bush Jr. had made the right decision, from his own point of view, to show no mercy--after all, he might wish to run for the U.S. presidency, which is probably how Bill Clinton thought when he was governor of Arkansas and didn't once exercise his power of clemency.
were good little V eight engines that were not gas guzzlers but they had enough power to pull all this weight And the four cylinders just don't have it
The coinages and cadences of the Tyndale Bible--"eat, drink, and be merry"; "a fool's paradise"; "fight the good fight"; "suffer the children"; "the salt of the earth"; "in his right mind"; "the powers that be"--and of the King James Version have for three centuries served both as psychic libretto and as percussion section for English speakers everywhere.
i i don't need uh you know power windows are nice but i don't need them
Secondly, and more importantly, there are stability and power concerns that pertain in small sample settings [ 17 ] .
There are plenty of pleasingly creepy moments in ABC's $35 million blockbuster , The Storm of The Century , the first Stephen King horror movie written directly for TV ( Sunday , Monday, Thursday, 9 p.m.) The small, isolated town of Little Tall Island finds itself under siege from both a brutal winter storm and a sinister visitor, a placid-faced killer with supernatural powers, Andre Linoge.
you know hitting a tree or hitting a power line or hitting a phone line or anything else that was the rough part of it they closed school for kids for like a week just just because of that
Among these include the slow start of the 107th Congress due to the power sharing arrangements in the Senate, closer margins and committee leadership changes in the House, and delay in filling many Bush Administration policy positions.
The [victorious] army yielded power harshly...
well in South Africa yeah In South Africa i think they are but yet you know Idi Amin was you know in power for so long
There was 80% power to distinguish the mean log 10 [lux] of the control group from a mean of 0.81 or less among postpartum women (one-tailed t-test, alpha = 0.05).
Three Kings uses the mechanism of the action picture for its visceral power, and to make a point about the callousness of action movies, a programmer with a bit of The Third Man slipped in to make a point.
but that's about it i just find it interesting that somebody with that much money uh would be interested in the presidency in the first place i guess it's it's as much you know just the sense of power and the sense of being able to accomplish things
The Patriot Act vests substantial powers in our federal government.
To sum up, then: What does Shakespeare really have to say to businessmen who think that his kings make good role models--rather than, say, troubling, interesting, morally questionable dramatizations of the effects of power?
well i guess i'm um more traditional in that i don't like power power windows or power locks because the people that i know have who have them always seem to have trouble with them
The magnification of power function continued until the 6-fold input ratio.
In a provision of the recently passed budget bill, Congress used its constitutional authority to strip power from the mayor and City Council, and to vest it in the financial control board that was set up in 1995.
but i used to work for a power company so it was very important that they make sure their employees especially linemen
This result replicates the known association and linkage of HLA to CD [ 22 25 29 ] and demonstrates the power of the family resource to detect linkage in the set of candidate gene markers.
Moore's Law is really just a prediction that the processing power of the state-of-the-art computer chip will double every 18 months.
well i guess i'm um more traditional in that i don't like power power windows or power locks because the people that i know have who have them always seem to have trouble with them
Importantly, however, the power did not decrease linearly with heterogeneity: it was sufficiently stable in the range 0 < CV < 0.3 and dropped mainly for CV > 0.3.
There are plenty of reasons to be skeptical about the power of these new treatments.
A good guess is that an organism or organization needs to be poised in an ordered regime, near the edge of chaos, where a power law distribution of small and large avalanches of change propagates through the system such that it optimizes the persistent balance between exploration and exploitation on ever-shifting, coevolving fitness landscapes.
The British were furious and went to war in 1780, destroying the Dutch navy and signaling a sudden decline in power and influence from which the Netherlands never recovered.
uh i happen to work for an assemblyman at one time and i saw abuse of power there uh really subtle
In order to ensure reliability of electric power, nothing in this title or title V shall beconstrued as requiring termination of operations of a unit serving a generator for failure to have an approved permit or compliance plan under this section, except that any such unit may be subject to the applicable enforcement provisions of section 113.
The Post emphasizes that DeLay's support is truly decisive, and that Hastert's elevation would further expand DeLay's already-impressive power base.
Since there are choices at each of positions, the number of possible proteins of length is raised to the th power, or approximately raised to the th power, .
Egypt was already dominated by foreign power — the Assyrians — and also began increasing trade and diplomacy with the expanding Roman Empire.
and there's a lot of things out there that we could do uh for our own country let alone other countries and i think that we've got the the people power to do it it's just uh we need
After SD, wild type mice displayed the typical increase in REMS and NREMS time, NREMS bout duration, and EEG delta power above baseline levels ( [ 10 13 ] Table 2, Figure 1).
3: If it's true that campaign finance reform would give the editorial pages such awesome power, it's darned impressive that the Journal alone is immune to this temptation.
The relative abundances of these tunes the albedo, or reflective power, of the planet, hence, the fraction of solar energy absorbed by the biosphere.
Begun in 1329 at the height of Catalonia’s expansion as a Mediterranean power, Santa María del Mar is the greatest example of pure Catalan Gothic, with unadorned exterior walls, a flat roof, sober façade flanked by two three-tiered octagonal bell towers, and a large rose window over the portal.
so i mean they they didn't have any power and it was really cold and and rainy and uh we went up about a year later and it was better but not a whole lot better
SO2 and NOx emissions from power generation react in the atmosphere to form nitrates and sulfates, which are a substantial fraction of fine particle (PM2.
Saying in an editorial Monday that "Saddam means terror, confrontation and war," that "[h]e is bent on building Iraq into a dominant regional power with the assistance of weapons of mass destruction," and that the authority of the United Nations would be "in tatters if he is allowed to terminate Unscom operations."
Hundreds of careworn buildings were brought back to life, and power cables were buried underground and out of sight.
either win or lose based on the fact that it's a war and not just uh uh mealy mouth their their way through the thing and try to get the other side to give up on the basis of what they thought we had in terms of power and so forth
These codes appear in association when the power goes down or a short circuit occurs in the system.
4) Nominee-stoning is what the two-party system and separation of powers are for.
Highest power: Highest powers: 
The Minoans developed into one of the great naval powers of the Mediterranean, with the wood from the vast cypress forests providing material for boats.
yeah the it's going to be really tough for them to swallow but but we don't want a Kuwait there that's also you know just has no power at all and and and that you know because Iran still isn't too friendly with them
GOVERNMENTAL RECEIPTS - Collections from the public that result primarily from the exercise of the Government's sovereign or governmental powers.
They began to find evidence of power law distributions of such extinction events.
It is still thought by many to have healing powers, and the pools here are often thronged with those seeking purification.
but i'm concerned with whose going to have the power over this new world order that they keep talking about you know
We applied these screening criteria to the Emissions and Generation Resource Integrated Database (E-GRID) [ 20 ] to determine a subset of 553 power plants potentially able to respond to demand-side management efforts.
But the Rome paper La Repubblica focused, in an editorial Thursday, on the power of Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan, whom it depicted as being, like Hillary Clinton, a second "surrogate president."
The distribution of firm lifetimes is again a power law.
During the reign of his son, under a regent, the borders were pushed further north and west, provoking reactions from the Tibetans and Chinese as well as the British East India Company, the power to the south.
yeah yeah since Khomeini died over there things have got a little more normalized normalized not quite as radical a stance more moderates are in power now
We tested the assumption of a relationship between delta power and the sleep-wake history by using a mathematical method that predicts the level of EEG delta power occurring in individual NREMS bouts based on the 42 h sequence of 10-sec behavioral state scores for individual animals [ 10 ] . With this analytical tool, the time constants of the increasing delta power during wakefulness and its decrease during NREMS are estimated.
Whence do they derive those powers?
16 The notion of legislative power to regulate the economy prevailed.
Strong central government under a High Commissioner left considerable powers in the hands of the States’ Malay rulers.
that they maybe go overboard and do too much they i guess they do have a lot of lobbying power power and you know their big thing is well if you you stop banning one type then it's going to lead to the next and so on and
In other words, if the Type I error rate and other parameters are fixed, then the statistical power of the test will increase as m increases.
Now the power over reputations is passing from magazines, radio stations, and so on to--well, to everybody.
Furthermore, the lifetime distribution of species, as well as genera and families, is, indeed, a power law (Figure .a,b).
Spain’s internal affairs became the concern of the other great powers after Charles II died without an heir.
yeah yeah that uh that that kind of power was was was at one time flourishing in this country
The term "independent power producer" means any person who owns or operates, inwhole or in part, one or more new independent power production facilities.
Wars have a way of throwing open basic questions of this sort, and by unleashing aggression within a society, a Civil War inevitably invites a redefinition of governmental power.
When Attila died in 453 the Huns were overthrown and the Avars became the dominant power, occupying the region from the middle of the sixth century to the early ninth century.
and it's like all these pawns on this chess big all these players on this big chess game you know and it's a world championship and who is ultimately going to get the power who's going to get put in checkmate and who's going to be ruled out of the game
The discriminating power of PSA testing for detecting prostate cancer, as estimated by the area under the ROC curve (Figure.
The NYT reports that Clinton administration officials reviewing the proposed tobacco industry settlement have concluded it puts too great a restriction on the FDA's power to regulate nicotine, and thus that this deal is not likely to receive President Clinton's support.
Covenanted with higher powers, the nation has a destiny—a “manifest destiny” as journalist John L. O’Sullivan dubbed our policy of westward expansion in the mid-1840s.
It is difficult to understand why Charles V, who was born in and had strong family ties to The Low Countries, should treat the region with such harshness, however the dynasty power base was in Spain and emotion had no part in Empire-making.
if you've got money and brains you can you can wield a lot of power
But these were attacks by major powers.
The program might start by inducing the young men to acknowledge the power of their sexual impulses, and then explaining why human males have evolved in that way.
And for the majority, the issue was the one that should have been resolved by the Civil War: the struggle for power between the states and the federal government.
Seven years later, the opposition of radical forces toppled Primo de Rivera from power.
and the men that drive the trucks with with the guys that fix the power lines aren't tested as much
For large interactions we have > 99% statistical power.
Slobodan Milosevic, an old party boss, has retained power since 1989, appealing to Serbian chauvinism to elude liberal reforms.
Hence, the distribution is a power law distribution, with many small and few large avalanches of change propagating through the network.
Laozi is immortalized by his book of thoughts on man, nature, and the universe, Daodejing (“The Way and Its Power”), which became the major text of China’s greatest indigenous religion, Daoism (Taoism).
power
Where feasible, this should include power plants both within the conventionally defined electric utility sector as well as electricity generated by industrial cogenerators and other independent power producers."
Congressional Democrats and Republicans have cooperated in abandoning war powers.
You initiate the second part of the power stroke by pushing on the handle and moving the cylinder out of contact with the hot T1 reservoir to a position between the two heat reservoirs, touching neither.
At their best, the popes and cardinals replaced military conquest by moral leadership and persuasion; at their worst, they could show the same hunger for political power and worldly wealth as any caesar or grand duke.
but other than that you know we don't have the unless we're catching it from the midwest the emissions yeah from the power plants
The United States emerged into the post-Cold War world as the globe's preeminent military power.
How much of the world would Milosevic sacrifice for the sake of his power?
Species lifetime distributions are also power laws.
Portugal and Spain, the planet’s foremost maritime powers, agreed to divide the world between them by means of the 1494 Treaty of Tordesillas.
it's in our power to take these people from a sovereign state and say you don't deserve to live because they're feeding our consumer needs
First, a publicly available power/sample size calculator ( [ 17 ] , available at http://www.mc.vanderbilt.edu/prevmed/ps) was used to determine the power of the paired test (two-sided, df = 7).
Knight's link to the vice president is now the power axis for a circle of his friends and clients, all of whom benefit from the relationship.
In 1791, when the Bill of Rights was ratified, it made sense for the Tenth Amendment to affirm that all federal power derived from the states and from the people.
Head out into the lagoon on one of the fleets of jet-skis or small power boats, sign up for a snorkeling tour, or if you’d like to see marine life but stay dry, ride the Sub See Explorer, a mini-submarine with viewing windows so you get just as good a view as those in wet suits.
and everything was fine i also have power windows and i had to have the window down to do what i was doing
Another major difference between mobile phones is the emitted peak power due to the GSM specifications which allow a peak power tolerance of +/- 2 dB.
Personal charisma, a hefty electoral mandate, and the cooperation of the legislature can augment the power of any governor.
Deeper in the ordered regime, the size distribution of avalanches remains a power law, but the slope down to the right becomes steeper, so there are fewer big avalanches compared to small avalanches.
Peisistratus established a dynasty that remained in uninterrupted power for half a century.
uh the causes of crime um i think it was an imbalance of of power in the United States that's causing the lower class class to rebel
Certain Municipally Owned Power Plants.
I do support parents who don't believe in corporal punishment--if they can raise their children well without an occasional spanking, more power to them.
When legal cultures lose sight of their natural end of bringing a reign of justice and harmony to human affairs, they decline into corruption and the arbitrariness of power.
Probably the most important reform was the least glamorous: the decentralization that increased regional autonomy and reversed the age-old trend of concentrating political, economic, and administrative power in the national capital.
a completely honest system of government because people who choose government for their positions are power seekers
Glaser, R., Licata, A., Robinson, T., "The SCR Retrofit at the Montour Steam Electric Station," Electric Power Generation Association Meeting, Hershey, PA, October 24-25, 2000.
This is significant, because in the film it is Kinnear who gets to articulate the case against concentration of corporate power.
6 In the fifty-five years leading up to the Civil War, the Court used this power sparingly.
But important though the resuscitated imperial authority undoubtedly was, the real power under the restoration known as Meiji (“Enlightened Rule”) was in the hands of a new generation of forward-looking administrators, who set about abolishing the ancient feudal apparatus in favor of a modern government based on merit rather than ancestry.
because that's where all the drug the gangs get their power over the drugs because it's illegal
We extended our power analysis by considering the impact of the heterogeneity parameter CV on the statistical power (Figure 4B).
And power.
The question now was whether under a new governmental structure with Washington at its head, the individual states could nourish the principle that they were the residual source of governmental power as set forth in the Tenth Amendment, “The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.”
Theoretically sovereign, the new state was an artificial creation — the result of pressure from other European powers — and the 17-year-old Bavarian Prince Otto was installed as king.
be a potential power problem later with um who's going to be in charge with this new world order
[ 4 ] present a comprehensive comparison of the statistical power for many of the commonly used flanking marker or two marker methods employed, and conclude that two marker mapping provides a relatively small gain (5%) in power over single marker methods when the two markers define an interval of width less than 20 cM, but a substantial increase (greater than 30%) in power for intervals upwards of 70 cM, indicating that the gain in power may come from the addition of the second marker to the analysis, or the addition of information from that marker, rather than the map.
Inflation, however, would turn that into a 9 percent cut in annual purchasing power.
In short, in principle the next state of our chunk of the universe is drawn from among raised to the to the st power neighboring microstates.
). This sudden change brought chaos to Egypt and she lost international influence, but Akhenaten’s successor — his son, the young Tutankhamun — brought power back to Thebes and reinvested the priests of Amon Ra and his fellow gods with religious supremacy.
United States is going to flex its muscle and be the super power that it is
Such an approach will benefit the power generation industry, the economy, and the states, while improving public health and the environment.
In a front-page news analysis of the Group of Eight summit in Birmingham, England, this weekend, Alan Friedman of the International Herald Tribune in Paris wrote that the meeting served merely to "highlight the limits of power in an increasingly complex world."
As in all cases where partnerships might benefit the various parties involved, real-world considerations—who has the most power, who is responsible for instigating change, who will make the initial investments—often slow integration.
Sanford Dole, head of a missionary family, and others led a successful movement to curb Kalakaua’s powers.
and and electric windows and power locks no
Without pooling, nine replicates per group (curve 8) give much higher power than three replicates per group (curve 5).
The real reason to worry about Democrats retaking Congress is that after two years out of power, they have begun to reconsider their approach to government--but they've only just begun.
27 The primary issue, as understood by the majority, was whether the states would retain their own special authority over their own citizens, an authority that was expressed in the “police power” to legislate for the common good.
A process of decentralization was started, with more powers being devolved, although not equally, to 17 semiautonomous regions.
that's a lot of power for one or two people to have
Assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001, almost $450 million is required in FY01 to maintain the purchasing power (and services) of the FY95 level.
It is expected to be the most controversial term in recent memory, with cases on free speech, church and state, and the federal-state balance of power.
Conversely the power of a witch cannot be exerted over a person named Juan or Juana.
After the war the Guomindang Nationalists took power, but Communist troops seized Shanghai in 1949.
they're subject to corruption just like any other human being and they do have a lot of power
The result of this power analysis is shown by the green curves in Figure 2. We calculated the power for vaccine efficacies of 67%, 80%, and 90%.
As a result, the already meager international purchasing power of China's rock-bottom wages is suppressed even further.
No comparative data yet show whether the size distribution of avalanches in real organisms is a power law, nor whether the largest avalanches scale as a square root function of the number of genes in the organism.
Versailles was truly the shining star of Europe by its architectural splendor, and most of all by the sheer hypnotic power of Louis XIV’s cult of self-glorification.
create another power structure
Ironically, this committee was eliminated in the 1970s as Congress was undertaking the next most important reform of oversight in response to the Church and Pike investigations into abuses of power.
The majors also dutifully tell us that today's New England Journal of Medicine concludes that power lines probably don't give you leukemia.
The Democratic Party gained the loyalty of white Southern voters and remained in power for more than half a century, largely on the basis of segregationist principles.
After the more sober spirituality of the Romanesque churches, the soaring Gothic cathedrals of Chartres, Paris (Notre-Dame), Bourges, and Amiens were at once monuments to the glory of God and testimony to the sheer power, spiritual and temporal, of the Roman Catholic Church.
icewise were okay it was just that um there were there were power lines down everywhere on the road and there were trees downed everywhere and wherever you drove was sort of like driving through an obstacle course you didn't want to
Those out of power love to accuse those in power of being overly solicitous toward Beijing on human rights and other issues.
If so, perturbations of a single gene in one type of cell should trigger a power law distribution of avalanches of changes of gene activities that spreads from the perturbed gene to other genes in that cell and species, and to cells of other species.
During the 16th and 17th centuries it was one of a ring of forts that held the key to Spanish power in the Caribbean.
yeah just the power i'm i'm trying to uh get an upgraded machine mine is uh just putting along and it's not fast enough for me
0 under the alternative non-central t distribution g ( t, df 1 , δ): . Now when the n samples are randomly assigned into pools of size p with equal mixing, power is decreased because the degrees of freedom are reduced to df 2 = 2( n / p - 1), which makes the tails of the central t distribution under H 0 heavier and thus the critical value t 0 * will be further from 0, while the non-centrality parameter is unchanged: (since the variance is reduced to σ 2/ p and the number of chips reduced to n / p ). However, if n + k subjects with pool size p are compared to n subjects without pooling, then the power change is not monotonic.
As the power of traders and private bankers has grown, government economic policy has become hostage to the financiers' and speculators' fears that economic growth will spur inflation, which will reduce the value of their holdings.
Figure . shows that the distribution is a power law, with many small and few large extinction events.
The huge sanctuary, which holds 13,000 worshippers, commemorates the healing powers of Brother André.
and so the i think Bush wanted to break up this other power thing
It is not only a 200 plus sector model of the U.S. economy, but it also includes the Argonne Unit Planning and Compliance model and database that captures a wide variety of technology characteristics within the electric generating sector, including industrial combined heat and power systems and the typically available emission control technologies.
Book -- Other Powers: The Age of Suffrage, Spiritualism, and the Scandalous Victoria Woodhull , by Barbara Goldsmith (Knopf); Notorious Victoria: The Life of Victoria Woodhull , Uncensored , by Mary Gabriel (Algonquin).
Harlan’s most devastating argument was that the courts had long assumed that Congress enjoyed a general legislative power to regulate the conditions of slavery.
As possessors of magical power associated with ritual sacrifice and sacred utterance, Brahmins were the sole interpreters of the Vedic scriptures.
The number of EST clones is reported to be proportional to the abundance of cognate transcripts in the tissue or cell type used to make the cDNA library and thus the EST distribution can provide a quantitative assessment of differential expression of a gene [ 17 ] . The expanding tissue diversity and EST coverage have increased the statistical power of EST-distribution based expression analysis.
László Moholy-Nagy essentially invented the diagonal, for instance, and Umbo (Otto Umbehr) shares credit with his Russian colleague Aleksandr Rodchenko for discovering the graphic power of the shadow as seen from a perpendicular perspective.
The dimensionality of the adjacent possible from a given microstate might be as low as or as large as the mathematical number of adjacent microstates, raised to the raised to the st power.
The realm was divided up among his heirs and progressively fragmented by the rivalries of the Merovingian dynasty that battled for power over the next 300 years.
yeah that's what i like because they've got plenty of power and uh
EPA-DOE-EPRI Combined Power Plant Air Pollutant Control Symposium: The Mega Symposium and The A&WMA Specialty Conference on Mercury Emissions: Fate, Effects, and Control, Chicago, IL, August 20-23, 2001.
Not only are the live performances transcendent ("the music, in its acoustic beauty and power, jumps off the screen," says Peter Watrous in the New York Times ), the scenes of Havana are spectacular, and the story of the artists' recent professional rebirth is gripping.
2 And then came the dispute about Lincoln’s authorizing his generals in the field to suspend the writ of habeas corpus—the great writ by which the courts retain the power to supervise the arrest and detention of criminal suspects.
Upper Egypt was the heartland of the Kingdom at the peak of its power and influence, and the remains of its ancient cities form one of the most important and breathtaking archaeological collections in the world.
uh most people would have absolutely no idea and that that motivation is to um you know to establish a one world order and to break up the monopoly power of the Middle East will
That evidence can include corroborative witnesses -- and even a layperson representing himself has the power of subpoena to require testimony.
One reason the lobbying culture is bigger in Washington than in London is the American separation of powers.
To think of them as being the residual source of powers delegated to the governments that created them is the kind of self-deception that only lawyers can devise.
Power struggles at home and rebellion by colonies abroad ensued.
and it's much less than clear to me that as a military power um there's going to be anything left uh given that anything like that happens
Extending SNPs to haplotypes has the advantage of increased information, yet decreased power in small samples due to the increased number of possible haplotypes to be tested.
The power of beauty should be transcended, not exploited.
From the outset of the Industrial Revolution, spinning, weaving, and finishing have called for substantial investments in plants, power, and equipment.
As the winds of perestroika blew in from Moscow, Kádár was removed from power in 1988, and, in 1989, the formation of opposition parties was legalized.
yeah like gives gives them a little too much power
A bigger, more complex brain may have advantages over a small brain in terms of computing power, but brain expansion has costs.
The question now was whether under a new governmental structure with Washington at its head, the individual states could nourish the principle that they were the residual source of governmental power as set forth in the Tenth Amendment, “The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.”
Like many dynasties before and after, the Han succession ended in a new struggle for power and anarchy.
i don't know if i'm afraid to say that's probably who they need to trade to get someone in there good but and that can really help the team but they do that they trade the nucleus of their power right now
Professor Martin asserted that LSNY "has no plans" under consideration to exercise its powers as the sole corporate member to force any changes on the boards of the local corporations.
Meteorologists had predicted the storm would equal 1992's Hurricane Andrew in power and destruction, but Bret hit the least-populated stretch of the Gulf Coast and was quickly downgraded to a tropical storm.
The British were not letting go, but a new Government of India Act two years later promised Indians real executive power at the head of provincial ministries for education, public works, health, and agriculture.
what kind of a system does he have does he have a power mower or a riding mower
The Yule distribution in particular was reported as providing a better fit for the occurrence of 'mers than the power law [ 27], and the stretched-exponential and lognormal distributions have been cited as providing good fits for non-biological data.
Power Users Dump Baudy Language: The Ambivalent Nature of Computer Slang
Now in order to return the Carnot engine to its initial state, 1 (in Figure 3.2), such that the working gas can again expand and do mechanical work on the piston, work must be done on the engine to bring the piston back up to its position near the head of the cylinder and to recompress and reheat the working gas so that its temperature and pressure values, or state, correspond to state 1. If the work done on the Carnot engine simply retraced the exact pathway from step 3 to step 2 to step 1, at least as much work would have to be done on the Carnot engine as the engine released in the power stroke in going from 1 to 2 to 3. If so, no net work would be carried out by the Carnot engine on the external world.
This meant deposing Sultan Mehmet VI, who as caliph (leader of the Islamic world) and sultan stood for the old tradition of combined secular and religious power.
that that makes sense so to speak you know this is a government that stays in power that can stay in power but it seems like most of them don't
[ 4 ] present a comprehensive comparison of the statistical power for many of the commonly used flanking marker or two marker methods employed, and conclude that two marker mapping provides a relatively small gain (5%) in power over single marker methods when the two markers define an interval of width less than 20 cM, but a substantial increase (greater than 30%) in power for intervals upwards of 70 cM, indicating that the gain in power may come from the addition of the second marker to the analysis, or the addition of information from that marker, rather than the map.
In the latest novel she addresses race--sort of--in the form of a rich, power hungry, sexually overactive but ultimately humane black activist and publisher.
The purpose of the amendments is to insure both that innocent persons will not be convicted but just as critically to protect the dignity of every suspect as he or she falls under the investigative and prosecuting power of the state.
Even so, the Moors were regarded as an occupying power by the local Christian population.
yeah yeah um i don't know i always like to to look for something a little with a little more power that's that's that's my main complaint against um like Toyota is because i think they always under power their cars
It may be hypothesized that these regions enable humans to bring far more cognitive power to bear on odor discrimination than is possible in the rodent and other mammals.
Lenzner's ease in finding sensitive personal info leads the piece to conclude that "the power once held by J. Edgar Hoover--someone who worked behind the scenes, who knew all the secrets and exerted enormous influence on public affairs--has passed into the hands of private men."
All three grant the power to Congress to enforce the basic framework “with appropriate legislation.”
In the 50 years that followed Ashoka’s death, Mauryan power went into decline.
to get elected and then once they do get elected they don't have the power or the authority or the willingness to do those things that they promised you know beforehand
The initial increase in delta power (relative to baseline), measured over the first recovery hour, was significantly smaller in cry1,2 -/-than the increase observed in wild type mice (Table 2).
But the important thing about this line is the way it illuminates just how dramatic the shift in power in the media world has been over the past three to four years, and how real certain of these supposedly inflated Internet valuations have become.
In addition to effective buyers and merchandising, successful traditional retailers relied on a third element: purchasing products at low costs through buying power (volume or cash position), or via access to the cheapest domestic and international sources for apparel.
Created at the height of the Chandellas’ power in the mid-11th century, the sculpture inside is the most sophisticated and ingenious: apsara dancing-girls and sura-sundari nymphs coquettishly yawning, scratching, applying their makeup, or playing with monkeys, parakeets, or with their cheerful lovers.
he's powerless but still the fact that he's still in power it's over there that's a symbol of
Regulating Emissions from Power Generation
Then again, the natural state of our species is also a small hunter-gatherer society, with little wealth and thus, only mild inequalities of status and power among men.
And we discussed the power law distribution of lifetimes of species and genera.
For seven centuries the real and symbolic center of British military and social power, it is a monument that still has resonance for Dubliners.
they'll say and here those of us at Dalmarva Power which is our power company you know we now recycle forty five percent of our solid waste and they
Since the beginning of the Republic, few debates have been as hotly contested as the one over executive versus legislative powers.
(My favorite tester routinely yanked the power cord out of the computer during Outlook operations to see how the program handled loss of power.)
Such was the incredible cutting power of the Japanese sword — embellished perhaps a bit by Japanese superstition.
they abuse their power
The rank order of the mean-square errors does not change when the modular power and/or the transition bias are varied over the range one to ten, so the correlations are robust across parameter space.
If we attack militarily, we must use ground troops: As the Gulf War proved, air power alone won't cripple Iraq's forces and won't topple Saddam.
It has suppressed the romantic will to break all restraints for the sake of glory in power.
Naval skirmishes ensued between the two powers, but at the end of the war of succession between Portugal and Castile, the wide-ranging Treaty of Alcaçovas ended Lisbon’s claims to the Fortunate Islands.
but uh those overhangs and things do have to be painted you know every four or five years and i bought a uh a power roller
This can be seen by noting that the non-centrality parameter for pooling is now , which is non-trivially larger than . This shifts the alternative distribution further away from the null distribution and thus increases power.
There she will place her faith in a higher power and pray that next time she's tempted to discourse on that of which she knows absolutely nothing, He'll shut her up.
You then let go of the red handle and allow the working gas in the cylinder to expand, thereby pushing the piston downward away from the head of the cylinder, in the first part of the power stroke of the Carnot engine.
Sacred to Hindus, it is a destination of devout pilgrimage on festive days for the sight of the imposing stalagmite called Shiva’s lingam; this phallic symbol stands for the god’s fertility, power, and creativity.
well that the power makes it run it's never ran it's always ran just fine the clock and stuff but it runs about ten minutes fast except for about a month for about a month the the clock ran normal
Apoptotic cells were counted in 10 high power field (HPF) at 40 × magnification with a field diameter of 0.35 mm.
The Crusaders convinced themselves the Jews were a secret cabal with insidious powers, out to destroy Christendom.
Power law distributions are easily seen if one plots the logarithm of the number of avalanches at a given size on the y-axis, and the logarithm of the size of the avalanche on the x-axis.
the same money could probably be far better spent on uh uh lunar bases and solar power satellite research and and uh and uh so forth
Tests on other locations of the dipole relative to the phantom (near the ear, the loop or the meander) showed no influence up to a maximum available radiation power of 6 W. The uncertainty of the transmitting power measurement was less than ± 30%, and is basically composed of the uncertainty of the power measurement itself and the uncertainty of the direction coupler parameters.
HCFA's Vladeck has already entertained extending the program, noting that if jealous congressmen from other jurisdictions "think this is a good deal, they have the power to make it more available."
Finally, as Tomás Ybarra-Frausto explains, Chicano/a art reflects a “continual effort toward developing an enhanced art of resistance—an art which is not a resistance to the materials and forms of art, but rather a resistance to entrenched social systems of power, exclusion and negation” (1990, 67).
Throughout the centuries of imperial expansion, decline, and fall, Italy took a back seat as the realm of power moved with the armies away from Rome, east to Byzantium and to the north as far as Gaul or Germany.
it it it was very interesting that it seemed like some of the commentators had their axe to grind you know there were some that were screaming for air power there were some that were saying the air power wasn't going to do it and they seemed to mold the events
But the regulation of power generators does not end with existing regulations.
The scenarios under consideration tend to emphasize making membership entirely or partially elective, which would make the House of Lords more democratic, and then giving the upper chamber greater power than it currently enjoys.
His analysis focuses on the dynamics of this joking behavior, relajando, and how the working poor utilize it to disrupt values imposed on them by the social classes in power or the dominant culture.
Prayer wheels (which hold a scroll covered with prayers) and flags multiply the power of prayer by adding to devotion the energy of movement.
well i think anytime you've got a a Republican administration and a uh oh a so-so senate as far as uh the split between the Democrats and the Republicans and then the democratic uh House uh whoever's in power
• Combines IPM and EIA information with data from the National Regulatory Research Institute and Center for Advanced Energy Markets regarding the restructuring of the power industry.
Just deserts, you might say, for those minority multiculturalists who pretended that equality of cultural recognition was as good as equality of actual power: Now whites want to play the same game, recounting to us the sufferings of the Celts, the indignities borne by the Welsh, yet still retaining the power premium they've long enjoyed--as whites.
Selection tunes communities of cells to the phase transition between order and chaos where a power law distribution of damage avalanches on all scales propagate across the system.
Archaeologists have found votive offerings dating back over 3,000 years, attesting to the ancient power of the site.
that they maybe go overboard and do too much they i guess they do have a lot of lobbying power power and you know their big thing is well if you you stop banning one type then it's going to lead to the next and so on and
At each examined frequency, the transmitting power of the dipole was increased until the implant showed an influence.
A LAT front-pager claims that despite a stock price and profits that continue to climb, Microsoft's power in the computing world is beginning to wane.
Behind the Sturm und Drang of the nation’s first impeachment trial was a struggle for power between the Congress and the presidency.
For the next several years the pendulum of power in Spain swung back and forth between Left and Right.
Soviet Union i think that a lot happened with the dissolution of their of their military power
The open trading program gives power plants the flexibility to choose how they meet their target emission reductions, which minimizes compliance costs and lowers consumer electricity prices.
According to the Star , the ANC had supported the government's responsible economic policy; rejected Winnie Mandela and her followers; reaffirmed the principle of "non-racialism"; and, "unusually for Africa," presided over a smooth transfer of power from Mandela to Thabo Mbeki.
In general, this is just a mapping on the power set in which “machine bundles” act on input bundles to yield output bundles; that is, the set of possible input bundles, machines, and output bundles is the set of possible mappings of the power set into itself.
By the eighth century, the Byzantines held the balance of power with the Lombards (a Germanic tribe), who had invaded Italy in 568 and set up their capital at Pavia four years later.
yeah and there's a the huge power vacuum and no one to control the local economies over there the inner
The power (variance) in the signal and the mean will be the same, but the original order of the time series will be completely lost.
Third, a purely quantum exponential expansion over many orders of magnitude should presumably yield a flat power spectrum over many size scales for quantum fluctuations in the earliest small fraction of a second of the life of the universe prior to the end of this exponential expansion when decoherence of geometry occurs.
From 1962 until 1972, the JLP held power.
another thing that was good if you're looking at the balance of the super powers between the United States and the Soviet Union you know the United States went in and led the battle and and solved the problem and the Soviet Union is is a whimpering
"Congress should pass legislation to establish a flexible, market-based program to significantly reduce and cap emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury and voluntary reductions of carbon dioxide from electric power generators.
The king saved Spain by surrendering his own power to the people: Now even socialists want to preserve the monarchy.
Curanderas are sometimes mistaken for witches because of their healing power, but they are also often called upon to undo the work of witches.
He appropriated for the State much of the personal fortunes of the princes, but found it harder to curtail the power of land-owners who had extensive contacts with the more conservative elements in his Congress Party.
and there's quite a few if they can do the job i think more power to them you know i would i i i would dearly love to find out that you know i could i could say well i guess i was wrong about Ann Richards
For example, the 550 MWe boiler at Kansas City Power & Light Company's Hawthorne Generating Station required rebuild and NOX, SO2, and PM simultaneous control retrofits.
She believes in the uplifting power of work.
Firms do show a similar power law distribution of lifetimes.
By the time of Patrick’s death in a.d. 465, the whole country was effectively Christianized — a peaceful process, without a single martyr, which speaks for Patrick’s natural diplomacy as well as his powers of persuasion.
that's right i don't trust maybe i guess it's because of the way what happened over there with their own people how they threw him out of power and
Power spectrum analysis of the population of responses among all slices, showed similar frequency peak of hyperthermic and post-tetanic gamma oscillations (Fig.
The picture of him linking arms with the white and Hispanic soldiers "will exert great power in the United States, and Jesse Jackson should be applauded for making it happen," it added.
Major physical innovations were hidden behind this visual wonder: sixty-eight state-of-the-art elevators; the latest in fireproofing; a large power plant devoted entirely to the store; and sophisticated heating, ventilating, and sanitation systems.
In the middle of the sixth century, Athens’ first dictator took power.
you know it was and you know and and they and we didn't have power for a week and there are still people who don't have power it's it's oh yeah it's been over it's been ten days already and there are still something like
(iii) an electric utility has issued a letter of intent or similar instrument committing topurchase power from the facility at a previously offered or lower price and a power sales agreement is executed within a reasonable period of time; or
The glory of the book--of most of Greene's books--is in the dialogue, in which all that vague spiritual yearning coalesces into candor so biting that it still has the power to shock.
For many, the limitations on governmental power represent a trivial and self-evident proposition.
As Górtis rose in prominence towards the end of the first millennium b.c., the fortunes of Phaistós declined, though it had been the seat of power for most of southern Crete in Minoan times.
i i you know there are a lot of women here there are a lot of women in power positions but uh
Using statistical power analysis, we compare two experimental designs (see Figure 1): (i) a single low-dose challenge design in which each animal is challenged only once, and (ii) a repeated low-dose challenge design in which each animal is challenged until it is infected or a predetermined maximum number of challenges is reached.
On modern cars with power locks, however, unlocking the driver's-side door automatically unlocks all other doors.
This was a reasonable exercise of the state’s “police power,” its general authority to promote the common good.
He was replaced as caliph by his cousin, whose powers were strictly limited by secular laws, until that position, too, was abolished in 1924.
because they want control over the i know they want control over the European economic community and that you know that's why i see them diversifying their their power and their control that they have
The statistical power achieved with the repeated low-dose challenge design is generally higher than that achieved with the single low-dose challenge design.
Maddox, far too young to have visited the Joyces in Paris, was relying on an account by Arthur Powers in The Joyce We Knew , who had visited the Joyces in the 1930s and who had mistaken the city.
A warlord seized power in Beijing, hoping to restore the monarchy.
the Sandinistas aren't in power anymore because i think that they were very wicked and uh probably some of the biggest drug dealers that the world has probably ever seen and i feel like
Also, with just two replicates, the power to detect a change as high as 4 is very low, smaller than 30%.
The Post also said that Yeltsin's attempts to "subvert or cancel" elections could backfire, and added, "Even more ominous is the possibility that political infighting in Moscow could shift the real power to regional governors, many of whom are even less democratic and more self-serving than Yeltsin himself.
Chapter 5 discusses how the retail revolution has led to a tremendous shift in bargaining power within the channel—away from manufacturers and suppliers and toward lean retailers.
To the left of the high altar is a small chapel whose 10th-century Madonna di Nicopeia, a bejeweled icon also from Constantinople, is said to have healing powers and is a runner-up as Venice’s protective patron after St. Mark.
can we really do it are we are we that good that we can really do it it's like uh like nuclear power plants you know it's a great idea
The American Public Power Association commented that conversion to secondary status would have a severe impact on the limited budgets of small, non-profit public utility systems.
William Kristol and Robert Kagan say that the U.S. should remove Hussein and his regime from power.
Does a power law distribution of avalanches of change erupt or not?
If, after repeated warnings, a State was judged guilty of misgovernment, it was simply annexed by the Paramount Power — the British.
just coming around to the point that we can recognize that the power that that a woman offers to the society you know in terms of nurturing as well as
Tests with increased transmitting power have shown that an inhibition of the ITREL-III is caused at frequency dependent power levels.
Was the power of Marx and Marxism entirely bound up in the fate of Eastern Bloc capital "C" Communism?
Highest power: Highest powers: 
In southern India, power was shared by the Pallavas in Kanchipuram and the Pandyas and Cholas vying for control of Thanjavur (Tanjore).
yeah but it's it's power power but you have to push it i've uh i've got to admit that the last two lawn mowers that i've gotten um were uh power driven
The results of AEA can then be used to adjust the power of an association study accordingly.
If "critical" systems--such as power grids, defense computers, and hospital equipment--had not been fixed, disaster might have followed.
The confusion came to a head in 1868 when the House impeached Lincoln’s successor, President Andrew Johnson, for arguably asserting excessive executive power in firing his Secretary of War Edwin Stanton.
Finally, in 1898, the European powers forced the Turks to grant Crete autonomy within the Ottoman Empire and accept Prince George, second son of the Greek king, as governor.
yeah you know people you think about having somebody uh somebody like that in power and the
The towers lost power and communications capability.
only scratches the surface of this issue by focusing on the murky areas of politics, raw power, and corruption.
This kind of efficient allocation of functions would make sense against a conception of the nation as the foundation of governmental power.
They said that she was a white witch with potent magical powers who had murdered three husbands and an unidentified number of lovers before she herself died under mysterious circumstances.
and is it pretty well integrated as far as are you know positions of power or you know where i work
But the most important explanation of the Washington establishment's Clinton hating is that Clinton threatens its waning power.
Indeed, you have arranged things such that at the end of the power stroke the working gas is itself at this lower temperature, T2.
Sailing instruction and boat rentals — rowboats and power boats, sailing dinghies, and yachts — are all available at Mission Bay, San Diego; Marina del Rey, Los Angeles; in Santa Barbara; and in Sausalito.
it was it was the strangest i'm i'm not sure it was gerrymandered but the way they drew these little patterns and stuff i i i guess i'm a little cynical of the of the power base
If we have a new legislation that significantly reduces emissions of SO2, NOx and mercury, we can eliminate many of the individual programs that apply to the power generation sector and replace them with a system that will reduce the administrative burden on industry and governments, use market-based incentives to keep compliance costs low, and provide the industry with more certainty about its future regulatory obligations.
McCain's approach, on the other hand, is incremental . He will be satisfied with reducing the role and power of special-interest money in Washington.
•The expected power law size distribution of avalanches of gene changes after perturbation of a single gene’s activity seems plausible and fits the still sparse data.
In Cairo they built vast palaces and ornate mosques, and expanded the influence of the great Khan el-Khalili market to expand Egypt’s trading power.
well everybody's concerned but you know we give uh Congress and we give the state legislators the you know all these powers and authorities and everything and they they spend a lot of time on it and they can't come up with the answers so right
Our reviews over the past 20 years have consistently found that DOD's weapon system acquisitions take much longer and cost much more than originally anticipated, causing disruptions to the department's overall investment strategy and significantly reducing its buying power.
Notwithstanding the logistic difficulties of constructing synonym differentiators and collocations dictionaries, particularly the latter, it is now possible for information technology to deliver direct to socalled end-users lexical data retrieval systems of great size, power, and usefulness.
The Black Legend originated in the sixteenth century during the Protestant Reformation, with the beginnings of a rejection of Catholicism and abhorrence of the political and military power of Spain.
Kemal handled the problem with his usual vigour and eloquence in a speech to the Assembly, by linking the power of the caliphate with that of the Assembly: “… It was by force that the sons of Osman seized the sovereignty and Sultanate of the Turkish nation… Now the Turkish nation has rebelled and has put a stop to these usurpers, and has effectively taken sovereignty and the Sultanate into its own hands.
because my my other one bit the dust after after a power failure
An organization like al Qaeda, headquartered in a country on the other side of the earth, in a region so poor that electricity or telephones were scarce, could nonetheless scheme to wield weapons of unprecedented destructive power in the largest cities of the United States.
Never designed for public exhibition, these experimental sketches and gifts for intimate friends have a distinctive power, like secrets revealed, or conversations overheard.
There is no preferred size scale revealed by the power law distribution of sand slide avalanche sizes.
Fast power boats from Nassau whisk visitors on day trips to enjoy the area.
it had all the features i needed the uh you know the power and the uh adjustability and power windows and things like that
Until recently, nicotine research has been driven primarily by nicotine's unparalleled power to keep people smoking, rather than its potential therapeutic uses.
The story does go on to point out some hopeful developments in the relationship between the two rival A-powers: at meetings in New York yesterday, their prime ministers agreed to resume high-level talks about the region in dispute between them, Kashmir, and also to set-up a communications "hot line."
Instead of retracing the power stroke pathway, the Carnot engine, and all heat engines, use a simple trick.
cheating when they have certain positions you know what i mean little bit little bitty positions and in your own home town and they'll cheat somehow or you know bend the rules use their power so maybe it's just man's inner nature
Despite significant improvements in air quality throughout the country however, emissions from power generation continue to result in serious health, environmental and economic impacts.
This development should bolster the country's stability at least for the short-term, though the NYT says that Habibie's hold on power is still fragile.
In other words, direct measurable information of consumer behavior translates into market power.
and they want all this power and they want to control all these people and it's not for the people it's for themselves and the way you know that is because they didn't work their way up from the bottom up they went in and they took power and they took authority and they
The loss of power due to reduction of degrees of freedom will be partially compensated by gain of power due to increase of effect size.
All of which makes me glad that the two great powers that lost out in this century's power struggles were Germany and Russia, or we might be savoring the delights of borscht, potatoes, and sauerkraut, washed down by gallons of vodka!
As in the ordered regime, however, in the chaotic regime there is also a power law distribution of small avalanches, present in addition to the vast avalanches that rocket through the green sea.
They later rebuilt it to bolster their own prestige, only to burn it down once again in a fit of pique when the Meiji Restoration of imperial power abolished their shogunate in 1868.
i mean if he ever gets any type of military power back i mean for that area that's just going to be same situation again and
Many women and girls become infected after being raped by men or because their social circumstances rob them of the power to refuse sex.
Quite simply, he has an apparatchik's attitude: He will hang onto power at all costs.
Needing lots of power, the engineers began with a huge engine block and sought to mount the block on a chassis.
In 1070 b.c. the country was split again and foreign powers began to overrun the borders.
yeah but it's it's power power but you have to push it i've uh i've got to admit that the last two lawn mowers that i've gotten um were uh power driven
Due to the interconnectivity and interdependency of the electric power grid, information sharing is a necessity for (1) maintaining the reliability of the power supply and (2) conducting business transactions in a deregulated environment.
Power, to be sure, brought other benefits to a female's genetic legacy, so women naturally like having power.
The corresponding segment of the work cycle connects the starting position in Figure 3.2, position 1, to position 2 by a line segment representing the simultaneous values of volume and pressure during the isothermal expansion part of the power stroke.
Nearby — where Mitropoleos meets Pentelis — is another church, Ayía Dinamis, which means “the holy power of the Virgin.”
in positions of power really
least cost) approach to operating the electric power system over a given time period subjectto specific constraints (e.g.
So-called public intellectuals like West, bell hooks, and, yes, Henry Louis Gates Jr. himself, seem to me both dishonest and selfish--they're in it for the money and the power as much as out of any sense of obligation or responsibility to the black community.
By comparison, the estimated number of particles in the known universe is about 10 raised to the 80th power.
The reform movement, intent on breaking the political power of the big corporations, attacked corrupt practices in administration, public finances, and banking, but did nothing to oppose the businessmen’s traditional resistance to unions and more liberal labor laws.
because then you start to feel like you've got no real you know power to change anything
Today, President Bush proposed the most significant step America has ever taken to cut power plant emissions, the Clear Skies Initiative.
This would complete the return and vindication of the company's prodigal son, who had lost a long-ago power struggle with former Apple CEO John Sculley.
Leaving the British official who twice searched his luggage none the wiser, he managed by meticulous observation to memorize the principal features of the power loom well enough to produce his own version of it on his return to Boston.
Other European powers began to put pressure on the defending forces, and British naval power in the area was badly stretched.
uh it's for uh they got got some money from a power company and it's probably more generating power for you know uh electricity a hundred and twenty volt or whatever
The discriminative power of phylogenetic profiles will be improved when a proper strategy for sampling organisms in different taxa is developed.
The Republicans who hold real power keep Barr at a distance.
If the engine is operated more rapidly, hence irreversibly, the temperature is held nearly constant during this part of the power stroke, thus this section of the power stroke is called the “isothermal expansion portion” of the Carnot work cycle.
It also housed the national treasury, bringing together the spiritual and secular power of ancient Greece.
and power corrupts
There is no question that Congress has expansive oversight powers with respect to agency processes and activities.
According to Indian scientists, says the NYT , the hydrogen bomb (code-named Shakti-1, from the Hindi word for "power") they set off is considerably smaller than the largest hydrogen bombs tested by the U.S., Russia and the other established nuclear powers.
It is we humans who conceived and built the intricate assembly of chips and logic gates that constitute a computer, typically we humans who program it, and we humans who contrived the entire power grid that supplies the electric power to run the computer itself.
The décor celebrates Florentine power — Vasari frescoes of victories over Siena and Pisa and Michelangelo’s Victory statue.
yeah that's got a little little power more powerful engine and a lot more uh little more options on it so
In words, this is the observed divided by the expected to the power of the observed inside the cylinder, multiplied by the observed divided by the expected to the power of the observed outside the cylinder.
"Having originally been written off as a stop-gap solution, the new President seems to have acquired a surprisingly firm grip on the reins of power," the newspaper observed.
The most effective weapon used by American capital in weakening the power of organized labor has been to hire immigrant workers.
The wars of independence began in Oriente in the 1860s, and nearly a century later Castro concentrated his power base in the inaccessible Sierra Maestra.
and power and they they just couldn't understand why with the technical surveys that were done by the uh Institute of Electrical Engineers and uh others
We estimatedthe power of GPNN as the number of times the functional SNPs wereidentified in the model divided by the total number of runs.
But unlike Roosevelt, Rockefeller never developed the resilience to stay in power.
