When it really got thick, when, um, it got to one point where him and sheriff fell out, and the sheriff, you know, he wasn't really, I guess, evidently, let them tell it, he was the cool guy.
Several physiological and biochemical changes distinguish plant genotypes during and after cold acclimation [ 5 6 7 8 9 10 ] . One such distinction among genotypes is tissue water content that decreases more rapidly in certain genotypes than others during the cool autumn season [ 11 12 13 ] . Martin [ 11 ] observed from field results that northern selections contained less tissue water in late autumn than did those selected farther south where winter freezing conditions are less severe.
And, of course, you know, dating was a cool thing if you were smart about it.
From the home of Cardinal Ippolito d’Este, guests can look down at the terraced gardens, the real reason for Tivoli’s fame and your visit: alleys of cypresses and soaring fountains (500 in all, including Bernini’s Bicchierone), grottoes, waterfalls, reflecting pools, and everywhere the cool sound of rushing water.
cool cool that that's
Also, Che chic: A story notes that Che Guevara is cool again, 30 years after his death.
In Chicano communities, in-group chatter, and published literature one frequently comes across the expression bato loco, meaning a “crazy guy,” a “cool dude,” or a “wise guy.”
This is how, this is how we interacting, so I'm thinking everything is cool, you know, funny dude at the job, you know, get along with him real easy-going compared to the assistant, uh, manager that was there, you know what I'm saying.
This may account for a cool reserve, almost aloofness, that some read even into the architecture of the tall houses in the straight and narrow streets behind the port.
Monte has been a fashionable hilltop town ever since wealthy merchants and exiled European aristocrats in the 19th century built their splendid quintas up here in the cool air above Funchal.
I was baffled for quite a long time by a conversation on a bus, in which someone announced that because the cool autumn weather had arrived they were going to buy a kite .
There are paired but separate chambers for the sultan and the valide sultan, each having a changing room, a cool room, and a hot room.
Dearborn casts a cool eye on Mailer's attention-getting tactics (he suggested that soldiers in Vietnam should only kill people they were willing to eat), his drunken outbursts, his wife-stabbing episode, and delivers what critics agree is an evenhanded, engrossing, "crisply written" (Sven Birkerts, Esquire ) book that will prove difficult for Mailer's official biographer to follow.
The cool season is from October to March, the ideal time for seeing most of India ( except in the northern hills and mountains, where it’s bitterly cold).
Each sketch is also a cool study of leaders and weak, grasping followers in love.
Raised on the cool medium of television, undergrads are skeptical about passionate ideas, doubtful of genius, and intellectually timid.
Winchester invents some luscious women: young, chocolate-skinned, giggling naked girls with sleek wet bodies and rosebud nipples and long hair and coltish legs with scarlet and purple petals folded behind their ears, who play in the white Indian Ocean surf and who run, quite without shame, along the cool wet sands on their way back home (40).
He said to me last year, "Maybe I'll see you in national politics; maybe I won't I have a cool life."
yeah well see um i'm i'm a cool person they call they and they i think that's relates to the same thing as the winter
For an authentic feel of old Portugal, slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado (“Loyal Senate” building), a fine example of colonial architecture.
but they like that with the the cool ranch dressing that goes along with that so yeah
But there's also a cool complacency, an indifferent shrug.
Due to the compression of the working gas and the fact that it is not in contact with the cool T1 reservoir, the working gas heats up, so the pressure increases appreciably while the volume decreases slightly, as the gas is compressed until the initial state of hot compressed gas, step 1, is achieved.
Uh, and if they see adults doing some other things they we, accuse them for, uh, they figure that this is cool.
Here amid the cool afternoon breezes or gentle mountain mists of the Cameron Highlands, the English palate for tea (on a plantation scale ) and strawberries still thrive.
oh yeah so that that was that's nice there because you do have some cool weather and some mountains
I'm not sure if the correspondents realize that the Hindu concept of Brahman has been around considerably longer than Sullivan's cross-pollination of something like the following: a powerful (yet devout) bearded man, a cool breeze on a clear summer night, a John Lennon tune, and the Lion King.
And, as the media report every few days, Sinatra is cool again.
Evenings are immeasurably calmer, when the local folk venture out to reclaim the cafés and restaurants until the cool wee hours, and restore some of the charm and seduction for which Capri has been a magnet since the times of the ancient Roman emperors.
In the first sequence, Cheung re-creates her character's nocturnal prowl in her own hotel, the camera coiling around her like a boa and hovering breathlessly over her shoulder as she snatches a necklace from another guest's room, then regards it on the rooftop in a cool neon-lit drizzle.
It contrasts with the cool dignity of Piero della Francesca in his Federigo da Montefeltro and wife Battista (1465), portrayed against their Urbino landscape.
Clearly, however, the cool stuff is what's inside, and a few journals always have the cool stuff.
I would like to quote myself on two points readers seem to have overlooked: 1) "I work for Microsoft" and 2) "Java is cool."
It's got a cool title, contemporary package design and clear-reading, single-column type."
On the days I go to my office, I wear a flannel shirt with no necktie if the weather is cool.
But to immature minds, the message may be simply that brutality is cool and funny.
You pull on the handle, pulling the cylinder out of contact with the cool T2 reservoir to a position between T2 and T1, touching neither.
When Dunph tells them he likes the girl he's seeing so much he doesn't think about banging her, they say she "sounds like a cool mule."
Run in the reverse direction, the Carnot engine uses mechanical work to pump heat from the cool reservoir, T2, to the hot reservoir, T1, making T2 cooler.
But, um, also another story that I used to tell people, but wasn't true, was that when I was little my dog, my little dog ran me over and stepped on my nose and gave me a scar on the side of my nose because I couldn't think of any way to do it, any cool way of making my scar, of how it got there, and so I just made up stories.
The country villages of Frascati, Grottaferrata, Marino, and Rocca di Papa make delightful stops, not least of all for a cool glass of their white wine, especially during the autumn grape-harvest festivals.
yeah it won't take but a like uh maybe generation or so before it uh it it no longer the cool thing to do i don't know
The very president of the United States has put the case in these terms--Joe Camel, declares Bill Clinton, tells minors that "smoking is cool."
But thanks to contact with the low-temperature reservoir, the heat generated by compression in the working gas diVuses into the cool T2 reservoir, holding the working gas only slightly warmer than T2.
in fact i'm a little worried about this one coming up here we have a long weekend and it sounds like it's gonna be a little bit on the cool side
Reeds grow at the edge of this cool blue spring and tiny fish swim in it.
And Basinger, a cool customer, has never looked more comfortable with another actor, not even Alec Baldwin.
A typical Chongqing method of escaping the heat is to take refuge in a cool cave.
Like television, the book is a cool medium; Bennett's anger is convincing because he holds it in check.
Clearly, however, the cool stuff is what's inside, and a few journals always have the cool stuff.
we strayed into a cool alcove, lingering where the pharmacopeia detained us--ephedra, belladonna, one small gray-barked tree without a label,
Raised on the cool medium of television, undergrads are skeptical about passionate ideas, doubtful of genius, and intellectually timid.
So Frank Sinatra is cool again.
We not only get to explore a cool new technology; we get to collaborate with the composer.
