They were a barbaric race, and their custody of the area brought about a dark period during which the written word was forgotten and art disappeared.
Homer wrote his epic works on Chios; and lyrical poetry was much admired, particularly the work of the poets Archilochos on Paros and Sappho on Lesvos.
It was here that he wrote what was to become the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos.
I can write my name on the deposit slip.
I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be written about this era (probably decades and decades hence as it is too close).
Clarke has written that on the evening of September 12, President Bush told him and some of his staff to explore possible Iraqi links to 9/11.
73 The next day, Wolfowitz renewed the argument, writing to Rumsfeld about the interest of Yousef 's co-conspirator in the 1995 Manila air plot in crashing an explosives-laden plane into CIA headquarters, and about information from a foreign government regarding Iraqis' involvement in the attempted hijacking of a Gulf Air flight.
And he told me I would have to write this paper.
Well I didn't like writing at the time but I took it upon myself to go ahead and write a paper.
and they'll tell you they've written something down and you
And the stories that they write predominantly are municipal stories.
And at the time when you wrote the original order and you used the words "perceived, saw, and heard," we were concerned, as you well know, with the word "perceived" in terms as to what's the thought process.
But I was as clear as I could possibly be that what is at issue here would be, for example, the particular events that the reporters wrote about and questions such as -- simple questions, did they attend the meeting, did they hear them say the comments, did they write the story immediately after, did they take notes at the time of the meeting.
As you see, I'm far more genial than I express in writing.
All I'm doing is adding something to what it is that you basically have already written.
How long after the meeting did they write their article, did they use the tape recorder, did they use notes as it related to that statement.
Did you write letters to the editor about what the school board was doing?
As I know it and as it is written, there is no test on intelligent design.
I wrote a letter to the editor -- I believe it was actually written before I attended the board meeting, but it wasn't published until after that June 14th board meeting.
It looks to me to be a copy of a letter to the editor that I wrote.
She wrote the letter.
So there's no question then that this represents a letter written by Ms. Geesey to the York Daily Record.
British-born explorers did not set out to write Australian English, of course.
' ” In Bleak House (Chapter XXIV) Dickens may cause some readers to blush when he wrote of Mr. George's blush that “He reddened a little through his brown.”
Yiddish is written in the characters of the Hebrew alphabet and from right to left and enjoys borrowing words from Russian, Polish, English, and all the other languages and countries along the routes that Jews have traveled during the past thousand years.
As the pyramids were already about 2500 years old when Diodorus wrote his World History , one is given to wonder what his authority might have been for such a vivid description.
Citing a Judaic law-book of the 16th century which identified a woman for the days preceding, during, and following her period as niddah `impure,' Miles has the lack of taste to write the following:.
About languages that had no writing system, we know nothing at all.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
On it was written this sentence: “Please make me go to the bathroom.”
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays, his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer: he must do his utmost to be accurate; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers; and he must write well.
Those familiar with Safire's editorial style, reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off: I cannot put my finger on why, but “On Language” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute.
Writing containing such labored figures makes for hard reading.
While I acknowledge that it is not easy to know how to sort out the many topics to be covered in a usage book, most reasonable writers have taken a stab at writing an entry under a heading that seems a likely place to look, then have provided a detailed index.
Much has been written about these riots from both literary and historical perspectives.
Well, let's see, there's I guess one of the favorite author's of mine is Isaac Asimov who wrote some of the best science and science fiction that was ever written.
María de Agredo lived in a convent and wrote several books, including one with the title The Mystic City of God.
Within the grounds, there’s a Catholic church with a splendid Romanesque portal (another reconstruction) and one of the city’s favourite statues, which depicts the medieval chronicler who gave Hungary its ﬁrst written records.
Um, her, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, um, having experienced pain in my childhood, her writing about her pain which, you know, I write about my pain privately in my journal, but writing it for someone else to read is a totally different story!
Almost all publications on Chicanos and Mexicanos up to that date had been written by Anglo American sociologists or anthropologists, and the few published Hispano scholars, such as Aurelio Espinosa and Arthur Campa, were only known within a narrow circle of folklore specialists.
Not only did this highly progressive leader produce Japan’s first written constitution and legal code, thus laying the foundations of an organized state, he is also credited with having introduced the concept of wa (“harmony”) as the fundamental value shaping the Japanese character.
My purpose in writing to you is twofold.
And uh, he said, "Especially the fellow that was wearing these soles that say Vivran on them," and uh, Craig has his boots sitting by the door and looked on the bottom of them and had, uh, the sole had, uh, was written, it said Vivran on the bottom of it.
If one placa is written over by the placa of another gang, it is accepted as a challenge to a confrontation.
Bunraku’s heyday was the beginning of the 18th century, when playwright Monzaemon Chikamatsu wrote works specifically for the puppets that are regarded as among the greatest achievements of Japanese literature.
Because we believe everyone in our community should have an opportunity to learn to read and write, we are asking you to help by sending your contribution to Indy Reads today.
And um, so I'm writing all this down, and he's like, "Ramona did such and such at the office, she did this for me, she did the same thing for me, she can tell you what you know, she can help you out," whatever.
A specter is haunting Europe,” Karl Marx and Frederick Engels wrote in 1848, as the first sentence of The Communist Manifesto.
Thus developed the katakana system used as a vehicle for writing Buddhist names and concepts.
I'm writing to you as one of our strongest supporters asking for a gift of $100.
Um, he's a Christian author and he writes very dramatic stories uh, concerning um, such issues as, the second coming, Satan being among us, and they're not, they're not so much preachy gospel type books as they are very good um, drama, you know, almost scary type stories, but they're very good.
In his autobiography, Barrio Boy, Ernesto Galarza writes about the pochos he found in Sacramento, California, in the second decade of the twentieth century: “They had learned to speak English of sorts and could still speak Spanish, also of sorts.
Irishman Samuel Beckett happily wrote plays in French.
In writing our invitations for this years century Club reception we noticed that you did not renew your membership for 1989.
There's something, well not only that aspect of the way that the writer, he writes, he basically gives two different endings to the story.
The layout and organizational aesthetics of Chicano yardas are unique enough that folklorists and cultural geographers have written about them.
From the seafaring Minoans, the Myceneans learned to make bronze by combining copper and tin and, with no written language of their own, they adpated the linear script used by Minoan scribes.
I'm writing to tell you about an investment opportunity.
I know that some teachers, they require a student to write in a journal everyday.
A few sentences written on the retablo express the favor granted, starting with the words “Doy gracias” or “Doy infinitas gracias a la Santisima Virgen de San Juan de los Lagos” (I give thanks, I give infinite thanks to the most holy Virgin of San Juan of the Lakes) and the reason for the retablo is written out, with the location and date added at the end.
On the outskirts of town, on or near Route 2A are: Emerson House, which is full of Ralph’s memorabilia; the enchanting Orchard House, owned by the Alcotts (including Louisa, who wrote Little Women here); and the Wayside, which was home to both the Alcotts and Nathaniel Hawthorne.
He writes, "Receiving the Challenger Scholarship was a great honor and continues to be a source of inspiration to me as I work toward my doctorate degree.
Somebody who obviously that English was not their first language, but they wrote a book?
Any computer program can be written as a sequence of binary, and , symbols, where that sequence represents the input data to the program and the program itself.
Another skill with stones was evident in the islanders’ deadly use of the sling, which brought them onto the world stage and into written history.
Two law reviews provide opportunities for research and writing, as well as a forum for articles of state, national, and international interest
Well, it's been real interesting, your life story about reading and writing.
The Mexican intellectual José Vasconcelos wrote a book in 1925 titled La Raza Cósmica: Misión de la Raza Iberoamericana.
•1312Dante writes Inferno
I am writing to ask for your direct assistance in educating a child.
I could read and write before I went to school, because Mama had a lot of time to spend with me.
I write in this chapter of religious ideas and their value in understanding our legal experience.
Also exhibited are examples of Linear B type, which was deciphered in 1952 and is of Mycenaean origin — showing that by the time the tablet was written the Minoans had lost control of the major cities.
If any of us at the dental school can be of assistance, please write or call.
Like, I write for myself in my journal and I don't hide things in that, but I haven't gotten to the point of sharing my journals with the world!
Griffith writes about the foods of the region, folk art, yard shrines, cascarones (decorated eggshells), religious practices, and the various musical traditions.
On the wall is his epitaph, written by himself.
That's why I'm writing to you and asking for your help in this year's Annual Fund.
While I was writing Home, I discovered that the most useful historical sources for information about how people furnished and decorated their homes were often paintings.
Why am I writing today to ask you to support Purdue University?
And I wrote it out of an actual experience that, um, my husband and I had.
The purpose of the publication, McKim wrote, was to document in sketches and photographs, “the beautiful, quaint, and picturesque features which belong to so many buildings, now almost disregarded, of our Colonial and Revolutionary Period.”
He served as lieutenant-governor in Java and Sumatra, during which time he wrote a History of Java.
I am writing in regards to our alma mater, Cathedral High School and her Annual Fund Drive.
Harold, was, um, a little boy, and the way that this book is written, it's somebody that's drawing.
Although there have been many publications about the santeros (saint makers), wood-carvers, tinsmiths, and other male artists, very little has been written about the work accomplished by women.
Concord’s literary heritage is rich indeed, for it was the cradle of Transcendentalism and the place where Nathaniel Hawthorne, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Louisa May Alcott, and Henry David Thoreau all wrote.
This is why the Indiana University Center on Philanthropy was founded and why I am writing to seek you support of our mission today.
Speaking of reality, you like the realism type of writing.
Should we look to the people who wrote the document, to the majority who voted for it, to the states who ratified it, or to the “people” as a whole for whom these various democratic agents acted?
A provision written into the bride’s dowry granted special favors to British settlers on Madeira; had Charles been more aggressive still, perhaps the Portuguese would have agreed to hand over the island to Britain in its entirety.
In 1729 Benjamin Franklin said a journalist ought to be qualified with an extensive acquaintance with languages, a great easiness and command of writing and relating things clearly and intelligibly, and, in a few words, he should be able to speak of war both by land and sea, be well acquainted with geography, with the history of the time, with the several interests of princes and states, the secrets of courts, and the manners and customs of all nations.
So your, your writing first came about in high school.
That is, the number of possible static categories of our tiny 100-spin system is about 10 raised to the power written with 1 with 29 zeros after it.
And written language (which evolved as early as 4,500 to 5,000 years ago) was already in use, originally by oracles and then by official scribes — China’s first scholars.
Fundamental lawyering skills --advocacy, client counseling, negotiation, legal research and writing --are vital.
I heard that you were writing a Christmas list.
Consider a typical program, say written in C, Java, or some other language.
Anne wrote a diary which paints a clear and terrifying picture of the life the family lived.
We look forward to your written response, membership support, and having the opportunity to work with you.
I like writing stories and poems and I write them for school a lot and I'm part of a magazine to write stories and poems and we draw too, to put stories that students write in the magazine for school.
Arthur Rubel writes about the supportive social environment provided by the palomilla of young coming-of-age Chicanos in the barrio of New Lots in south Texas.
The author Plutarch wrote of fertile lands somewhere off the coast of Africa, where the breezes of springtime never stop.
I am writing to thank you for your past gifts to the IUPUI University Libraries and to ask you to renew that support.
authors authors like Bobbie Ann Mason she's from Kentucky and writes a lot of just kind of contemporary realism sort of stuff um John Barthelme who wrote he just died a few years ago and he wrote kind of weird avant-garde
Author 3 (TCG) did the literature search and data abstraction, and contributed to writing the manuscript.
Yet the only interactivity open to me is to write a question to the president, who is being interviewed by Tom Brokaw.
Uh, I remember, actually, I remember reading a book, it was on the best seller list at the time, it was uh, it was probably written in the late seventies and it was called The Third World War and it was, it was uh, it was written as if it were factual but it was uh um, sort of a fictionalized account of what of a, of a potential third world war and I remember the funny thing, I remember was I read this book like after it was probably `77 or `78 and the war took place, according to this book in like `85 or '86.
Also known as La Pastorela, the complete title of this folk drama is El Coloquio de los Pastores, and it is written in verse and performed on Christmas Eve.
With no written culture to document it, the pre-European history of the Inuit and other early peoples is a vague archaeological patchwork of bones, stones, and artifacts.
It is wonderful to be able to write this letter to you as a special friend of the Leukemia Society of America.
what do you write for stutter
During the comment period APHIS also held four public hearings at which both oral and written comments were received.
He writes, “genealogical information is occasionally added.
So, I wrote this proposal to do this and I got an interview from one of the readers who was from Kentucky and I met him in Greensboro, he interviewed me.
There have been countless books, chapters, and articles written about Murrieta or about the legend of this famous Mexican bandito.
Call them toll-free at 800-32-SPORT (within the US only) or at 305-932-0051, or write for information to 19495 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 809, Aventura, Florida 33180, USA.
A few months ago, Carl Newton and I wrote a letter asking you to consider a financial contribution to graduate Endodontics at Indiana University.
but it is not written as well as Time staff uh writers do
DOD did not circulate written rules of engagement until sometime after 1:00 P.M.
, the Random House 2nd Unabridged ). We know that the language is inconsistent, and there can be nothing wrong in reporting that fact: the dictionary merely reflects the practice of the majority of written citations available to its compilers.
Now, the writing that I do, like the journaling that I do, um, of course, that's real life so that has a different intensity.
In Mexico the experience was written about from the perspective of those who returned, as in such books as Aventuras de un Bracero, by Jesus Amaya Topete, published in 1949 and reprinted several times, and in the United States the novel Macho!
Marcel Proust spent many summers at its splendid Grand Hôtel, where he wrote part of his A la Recherche du Temps Perdu.
Now I am writing to ask if you would continue your support with a further donation for 1990.
um well where where for instance um a Baudelaire poem that was written in the French and then has been translated into English by various people and the translations are all so different from one another um-hum
Some patients wrote on the questionnaire other questions they wanted answered.
Kazin's conversational style now closely resembled a memoir in progress--he chatted casually about Harry Levin, the great Joyce scholar at Harvard, and about critic Clifton Fadiman's TV appearances, and about Singer, whom he had recently written about for the New York Review of Books .
I like writing stories and poems and I write them for school a lot and I'm part of a magazine to write stories and poems and we draw too, to put stories that students write in the magazine for school.
Sadi Carnot was a French engineer writing in the 1830s.
Part of India’s legacy after several centuries of bureaucracy (don’t just blame the British civil service — it began long before) is an inordinate respect for the written document and the rubber stamp.
I am writing you in the hope of getting your support for this year's United Way campaign.
so i decided i didn't want that to be my hobby any more after paying thousands and then moving the next year so um now i'm i'm just writing at home
Notice to the Recipient: Whenever OCE proposes to review the records of a recipient either through an on-site visit or otherwise, OCE notifies the recipient orally and in writing about the purpose of the visit or review, what activities OCE will conduct, and what specific information and records are planned to be within the scope of the review.
Merrill (Bob) chose the diminutive deliberately to avoid confusion with Merrill (Robert), though it's hard to see why anyone would think a fellow who makes his living singing Mozart and Verdi would go home at night and write "If I Knew You Were Comin', I'd've Baked a Cake."
Umm, but, because our family history, or I mean, there is so much history that I don't know; but, because of so many complex issues regarding my family, I don't think the older members of my family could probably appreciate me writing about, umm, our racial heritage at this particular point in time.
Her folkloric work is extremely important because she wrote about women and how their complicated and elaborate daily work so profoundly maintained the culture and traditions of the Hispanos.
In those gardens, the Song of Songs was written by Solomon.
Items include: Coffee Mugs - T-Shirts - Puzzles Caps - Cookbooks - Posters - Cards For more information about these and other items, you may write call, or send us an e-mail.
i i'm not really too i don't really like his endings so much but uh i think some of his books are pretty good and then there the other one that i've read a little bit is uh um oh God let me go look at his name here it's the one that wrote uh
Author 2 (KFH) contributed to the study design, did the literature search and data abstraction, conducted the analyses, interpreted results and wrote the manuscript.
Scraping writing off papyrus irreparably damages the surface; washing produces only a smudge.
What types of stories does he write?
“The aesthetic understanding [of architecture],” writes Roger Scruton, “is inseparable from a sense of detail.”
After the garden, venture into the hall at the end of the corridor and try your hand with a calligraphy brush along with the Japanese visitors writing traditional prayers to the central Amida Buddha.
I am writing to thank you for contacting Prevent Child Abuse New York and to invite you to continue sharing our mission by becoming a member.
if i write a check real large it'll go ahead and pull it out of my savings account
On the other hand, EPA's Office of Water docket site contained a narrative description of the docket, an email address, and other written descriptions; no electronic rulemaking materials were available.
Writing on the LAT opinion page, contributing editor Robert Scheer makes the provocative argument that the quickest way to halt China's belligerence is to simply hand over all our nuclear warhead and ballistics secrets.
But she, he had, my great-grandfather had written a lot of letters, during the Civil War, home to my great-grandmother.
Ybarra-Frausto has written a wonderful essay about rasquachismo that shows how Chicanos incorporate this spirit in the cultural life of the community.
Here Picasso, Braque, and Juan Gris developed Cubism, while Modigliani painted his own mysteries and Apollinaire wrote his first surrealistic verses.
I am sure you will understand my writing to you once more about the important work of the American Cancer Society.
and uh it did not disappoint me and it's it's just so well written of course Fanny Flag wrote it
Auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement, including external funding organizations, unless legal restrictions prevent it.
In the Oct. 23 "Today's Papers," Scott Shuger writes of a Washington Post piece referring to the "Bubba vote" and notes that "this is a perfect illustration of the truism that there's still one group in this country that 'respectable' people, even (especially?)
Uh, but I've been really glad that I've held on to the early things that I wrote.
The bracero experience has been written about in novels and depicted in numerous movies, and although the image presented is often a negative one, like other Chicano folk heroes the bracero has become an archetype of the culture.
Girl Scouts experience a wide range of real life skills--first aid, resume writing, and managing money.
you know things to write about
SGB wrote the initial draft.
she wrote.
I'm just a happy person, and my art reflects that, and I think that I, you know, love to read stories that are written and everything that also, you know, have a good moral background to them, and something where you can learn something of value and virtue in it, like Louisa May Alcott, you know, her work, I love her work.
Stephen Austin, in 1822–1823, after a trip to Mexico City wrote, “To be candid the majority of the people of the whole nation as far as I have seen them want nothing but tails to be more brutes than the apes” (Weber, 298).
As if that wasn’t enough, processions paraded with placards emblazoned with MANIPOL (Sukarno’s political manifesto) and DEKON (his economic declaration) written on them, and there were others which condemned NEKOLIM (neo-colonialism and imperialism).
On the chance that my guess is right, I am writing to you today to invite you to become a member of LOGOS-the League Of Greek Orthodox Stewards.
write this long detailed letter and everything like that to them you know and then it takes three weeks and all and i'm like baloney
To block the possible fee increase, 51% of property owners in the district must submit protest votes in writing.
The problem stems in no small part from the fact that--as usual--by the time the manual is written, the programmers are so familiar with the terminology they have been using while writing the programs that they lose sight of the users' ignorance.
Well, let's see, there's I guess one of the favorite author's of mine is Isaac Asimov who wrote some of the best science and science fiction that was ever written.
Cervantes wrote a play about him in 1615, Comedia Famosa de Pedro de Urdemalas, so we know Pedro de Urdemalas was already a folkloric character in the seventeenth century.
Architect Buscheto didn’t hesitate to write in Latin (in the far left arch) “This marble church has no equal. ”
I am writing to ask for your direct assistance in our education programs and artistic product.
okay Karen uh you know it always has amazed me and in fact i think i wrote a paper on this in college uh that the national elections uh just have
Further we have collaboratively written the manuscript and take public responsibility for it.
It is instead something far more rare: the work of a great master still locked in unequal combat with Eros and Time," says Louis Begley in the New York Times Book Review . "Bellow writes now with as much authority and energy as he did nearly half a century ago" (Jonathan Yardley, the Washington Post ).
And I said, "I don't know, I don't write down who does my tires."
The to the N combinations of alleles of the N genes are therefore located on the vertices of the N-dimensional hypercube, like Figure .. The fitness of each type of organism, or vertex, is written on that vertex and can be thought of as a height.
In Chinese, the word Ming is written as a composite of the characters for “sun” and “moon,” which are combined to mean “brilliant” or “glorious.”
The account description written in 1971 for the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic Fund states "Expenditures of the fund shall be approved by the fund committee of six.
one person might write one book real extremely well and some other ones might not write as well
PP helped in planning the study, collecting the data and writing the manuscript.
However, Kinsley long ago confessed in the New Republic's "TRB" column that he "experimented with marijuana in the distant past," and wrote, "I deeply regret this youthful indiscretion."
\\ But one of the things that, um, I guess if any particular subject that I would feel that I might write about, it wouldn't just be from, like, uh, the Black culture because, other than, my experiences in the Black culture tend to not be traditional from the standpoint that I don't seem to fit in or be generally excepted um, at least from a childhood perspective.
For instance Fabiola Cabeza de Baca, Cleofas Jaramillo, and Nina Otero all wrote about the weddings of northern New Mexico.
The Shaw Birthplace Museum (see page 66), 33 Synge Street, is marked by a plaque written by the great man himself.
Please write one of the above account numbers on the face of your check to be very sure that your $$ stay in the WOST family.
i don't know you know some of the health insurance is written that way you know that uh
The bUSM recursion is then written as
The New York Times ' Anthony Lewis, an anti-impeachment stalwart, endorses the expert judgment of John F. Kennedy, who wrote in Profiles in Courage (1956) that Ross' "heroic" vote "may well have preserved ...
You wrote this out all by yourself.
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was written.
Reconstructions of workshops, pubs, and family rooms show how people lived in previous eras, augmented by written and oral testimonies from townsfolk and a 20-minute introductory video.
When I last wrote to you about the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic Fund, it was with the news that expenditures were greater than contributions for 1992.
uh they're real good she's been writing for a long time and i was trying to remember she wrote one uh she writes they've always have gone the spy um
There must also be summary statistics to put into the meta-analysis, available either from the written material or in writing from the investigator.
If men must naturally write only of men, and women only of women, then feminism and femininity become the only natural subjects for women writers and reporters.
So when I spent time in the Scriptures, I, um, write my insights and sometimes I write my prayers and I also, you know, pour out my heart.
Most of what I shall write in this chapter reflects my conversations and work with Lee and his colleagues, who have been wonderfully welcoming to this biologist.
A contemporary film composer, Zbigniew Preisner, who wrote the scores for the Polish director Krzysztof Kie§lowski’s films, including The Double Life of Veronika, Dekalogue, and the Three Colors trilogy: Red, White, and Blue, is worth seeking out.
And that's why I'm writing to you today.
yeah it's i have not uh i have not seen vacation policies you know written in about seven years so i'm not real sure how they're how they're changing what they're doing now
In that Notice, the Commission prepared and published an Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis and invited written public comments on the proposed rulemaking, including comments on the Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis.
For someone writing on desire, Wolf, curiously, has a good deal of trouble describing the actual experience of letting loose.
Let's see, the others that I could think of that I read recently, there were some Civil War books written by Jeffrey Shaara and the other by his son Michael.
For example, Harland writes that to insure that “the purposes of the nation might not be doubted or defeated . . . the Fourteenth Amendment was proposed for adoption.”
Many of the most popular heroic and tragic dramas were written by Osaka’s own Monzaemon Chikamatsu (1653–1724), the playwright the Japanese claim as their own Shakespeare.
I've enclosed letters they, and some of their teachers, have written us.
uh republic documents uh when they were arguing through constitutional law written by Hamilton and all those people um oh Hamilton i think it was Hamilton who wrote number ten or something where he was arguing for a republican
These same state officials, he said, were responsible for dictating clinical policy and writing guidelines for the treatment of patients in the state system.
One company wrote an entire playbook and spent $2,000 on a practice field, and the NEC Corp. pulled its team out of the Tokyo league, citing too many injuries.
you know it's just like oh i love you and i you know this that and the other but she write she wrote when she was talking to her baby
The fact that the USS Cole was attacked during the last Administration does not absolve us of responding for the attack," he wrote.
( The New Yorker wrote about this topic a month ago.)
i use mine a great deal um for groceries for everything that i can and then just write one check at the end of the month for the entire thing right
We studied 50 patients undergoing elective coronary artery bypass surgery, following approval from the local ethics committee and once written informed consent had been obtained from each patient.
I'm going to break with tradition and write about something I've enjoyed recently about
that they're going to write a book they're gonna go on talk shows they're gonna that that that's a reward
The other RNA molecules we maintain (5S rRNA, tRNA, and group I and II introns) are not as advanced at the time of this writing.
For example, out of a sampling of 481 Hindi loanwords (that is, I know, an odd number for a sampling of any kind, but it happens to be the number I had carded as of the moment I began writing this article), 167 were borrowed by Hindi from Sanskrit and another four from Pakrit.
i'm an adult but i'm going back to school and everywhere on the campus where i write a check it's they want social security numbers on everything and i just go bananas
skills to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing; and
Ryder and Weaver have exchanges as stilted as anything in Plan 9 From Outer Space --surprisingly, since Whedon (who wrote Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Toy Story , and did the uncredited rewrite of Speed ) has a pretty good ear.
but i knew that David Bowie produced it right so if David Bowie wrote a song and somebody did it i ran bought i bought the album you know
A program was written in DELPHI to calculate the strength of a branch point.
Siegel clearly wrote this book out of a frustration, which I share, with a general failure to face up to the shortcomings of the policies of the 1960s.
what does he read write
I am writing in response to an essay published in the most recent issue of PLoS Medicine by Deborah Hayden, entitled “Alas, Poor Yorick: Digging Up the Dead to Make Medical Diagnoses” [1].
As income inequality in the United States rises--a problem Krugman has written about eloquently--any economy-wide average will of course deviate increasingly from the median, which much more accurately describes the situation of the typical worker.
all the various publications that give out all the information about schools and write to the schools themselves
Each toxicity test laboratory should (1) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program; (2) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives (DQOs); (3) prepare a written description of laboratory standard operating procedures (SOPs) for culturing, toxicity testing, instrument calibration, sample chain-of-custody procedures, laboratory sample tracking system, glassware cleaning, etc.; and (4) provide an adequate, qualified technical staff for culturing and testing the organisms, and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data.
The introductory essay reminds readers that a similar list compiled a century ago would not have included Edith Wharton, Theodore Dreiser, Jack London, or Willa Cather because all wrote their best work after age 40.
kind of paralleled that with kind of a space version of it and it was kind of it was interesting i don't know if it was interesting just because i knew the person who'd written it or if it was actually a good book
MHA conceived the idea, helped in the analysis of data and participated in writing the manuscript.
A student of Dialect A, sees the written word posts , and pronounces it [posts].
that's in uh Arizona who used to be in Dallas it seems like we have a lot of these that have been in Texas called PM Melody who does a lot of writing on codependency and she's got some fabulous workbooks out and a whole series of tapes and uh
GAO prefers that agencies provide written comments, and GAO is requesting that the written comments be provided electronically.
The Star 's regular "Star Style" feature is frequently written in a breezily intimate manner that could fool the unsuspecting reader into thinking that the celebs have actually cozied up, pajama-party style, and dished with the Star about their beauty, fashion, and health secrets.
you know things that are written by like Christian authors or um
KA supervised development of the guideline and implementation of the program, participation in literature search and writing and editing the manuscript.
"How terrible it is to reach the end of one's life," Monet had written in 1899, after the death of the landscapist Alfred Sisley.
i we had this last year of school i had my last paper of college and i am writing this paper on Bette Midler i was decided i was not going to be very academic finally and uh
There is no indication as to who wrote this note or to whom it was directed.
Imagine how  Slate  and others would slice me up if you found out I was running a magazine about journalism--one that some call a "watchdog"--and was getting paid writing assignments from one of the organizations I was supposed to be watching and, of course, not disclosing it on the pages of the magazine whenever the magazine writes about that organization.
well of course the question is what Gorbachev does i guess he goes and writes his memoirs or something
The sequences, as text files, were processed by routines written in SPlus, Version 4.5.
Semans says she wrote that line into the narrative after she had told a lot of people, including her parents, about the spot.
yep all kinds of demographics just from that info and anymore you know uh you don't have to give out your well you know how they used to ask for if you wrote a check they would ask for your credit card number
We wrote checklists of merger issues to consider during the merger process and shared model documents developed by other programs.
(This was what I was imagining at the end of the last Moneybox, when I wrote about GM truly becoming an Internet company.)
and uh uh ended up writing a writing them a a fan letter
In his book Mountains of the Mind , Robert Macfarlane writes: ‘[F]or the hunter risk wasn't optional—it came with the job.
!) and lame parodies of Xena: Warrior Princess , Rambo ("Roseambo," the episode was titled), and I Dream of Jeannie . TV husband John Goodman, who'd grown sick of the show and Roseanne, was all but written out of the plot.
but uh you know we heard stories we heard all kinds of stories of people you know it's like well if my kid doesn't do well on it i'll just write in the answers you know uh
To circumvent this problem, we split the alignment of Drosophila cDNA and EST sequences into two serial tasks and wrote a utility program, sim4wrap, to manage these tasks.
Written by Linus Torvalds, a Finnish programmer who couldn't afford to buy a commercial operating system, Linux is free, is maintained by a vast network of loyal volunteer programmers, and never crashes.
uh the first time that i saw his schoolwork uh i remember being you know taught and i think you know it you have to teach how to write an answer and you know how to construct a thought process
Writing the Spoken Word
well you have yeah you have a good career for that crossword puzzles and writing you don't have to go out my wife's my wife's an editor and we just had our first child so she's
27, 2004); Commission analysis of letters written to OSHA concerning the September 11 attacks.
"I mean by a picture," he wrote, "a beautiful romantic dream of something that never was, never will be--in a light better than any light that ever shone--in a land no one can define, or remember, only desire."
it was pretty good it was nothing to write home about it's typical you know it's typical um
Committee requests for GAO detailees should be in writing and be for specific purposes for a period not to exceed 1 year.
As Kershaw writes in the passage quoted by Finkelstein, the Nazi state enjoyed a certain "popular legitimation and basis of plebiscitary acclamation."
so you can if you want to write a check for somebody's birthday present you don't have to worry about the other person seeing it that sort of thing
If you've got limited resources and you think you can do it, and the court does help, then maybe this is the one thing that you forego in order to pay for something else," said Sally Fox, a former state representative who helped write the legislation to establish Family Courts and who used to be the state director of Family Court operations.
Writing in the Washington Times , Robert Alt contrasted the Roman Catholic belief in transubstantiation, "whereby the bread and wine, while maintaining their ordinary physical qualities, are substantively transformed in the Eucharist into the body, blood, soul and divinity of Jesus Christ," with consubstantiation, the Methodist (and Lutheran) teaching that "the bread and wine and Christ's presence exist simultaneously."
if i wrote out a five hundred dollar check i'd transfer five hundred dollars in
For all three possible unrooted tree topologies maximum-likelihood values and posterior probabilities were calculated using in-house JAVA programs that were written utilizing classes from the Phylogenetic Analysis Library version 1.0 [ 54 ] and parts of Vanilla package version 1.0 [ 54 ] . If not indicated otherwise, likelihood values were estimated using the automatically selected suitable substitution model (chosen from BLOSUM62, CPREV, Dayhoff, JTT, MTREV24, VT and WAG) with no ASRV.
For this to be appreciated I must first briefly describe the complex Japanese system of writing.
and so what we do is we anytime we do or make or charge something we write it out as if we wrote a check
Auditors should normally request that the responsible officials' views on significant findings, conclusions, and recommendations be submitted in writing.
Glassman and Hassett write in to say I have misrepresented their argument.
i mean you can just sit you know those little booklets that come along with it and you can just see the things that they're trying to show with music my my little boy has gotten so into it that he's identified the the people that have written certain songs and he buys the
Between January and June 1995, after obtaining written informed consent, we conducted a sero-survey and administered a questionnaire to the study participants, soliciting medical and behavioral risk factors for liver disease.
Besides, Shoemaker writes, Europeans at the time usually described Indians not as red but as "tawny."
because i could tell by the theme of almost when it was written
By virtue of the MAR assumption in (9), we could also write ψ 
He writes that several years ago he tried to persuade Norman to devise a screenplay about Shakespeare's relationship with the homosexual playwright Christopher Marlowe, whose murder in a tavern in 1593 forms a subplot to Shakespeare in Love . Other scholars are gentler on the film.
you know when i you know i just use it whenever i feel like i don't want to write a check and then but i don't charge anything that i can't payoff at the end of the month
CoreGenes is written in JAVA-based programming incorporating the 'setdb' and 'BLASTP' programs from the WU-BLAST package of Washington University, http://BLAST.wustl.edu.
My father was a working man and a collier was he, at six in the morning they turned him down and they turned him up for tea.
yeah because i bought some furniture where the top was scratched and uh i just wrote a letter to the manufacturer well they they had a warranty sheet saying if you have any damage send this in
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue provided written comments generally agreeing with the contents of a draft of this report.
When Will writes about baseball, America pays attention.
well no it seems like she doesn't write as often as oh well like Danielle Steele and those silly things she writes the same thing
In June, Clarke wrote Rice and Hadley that a new al Qaeda video claimed responsibility for the Cole.
The next morning I marched into the rival classroom and confidently wrote my new sentence on the blackboard, only to be instantly one-upped by young Monrad, who stepped forward and inscribed:
that's wonderful yeah and and i guess um that uh because of your um your uh profession i mean i um i'm in corporate communications but i've done freelance writing in the past
The primary client-user GUI, written using the Java Swing API, takes the form of a three-panel window in which the user can inspect GO categories and genes.
"How can we proclaim as the goal of American foreign policy the 'expansion of democracy,' " Buchanan wrote, "when democracy is being ditched in D.C.?"
you know it's just like oh i love you and i you know this that and the other but she write she wrote when she was talking to her baby
1. The consensus amino acids are written in capital letters.
Besides, he did not write his life story till thirty years after his visit to England, with no more than his memory to rely on when writing a language he had spoken but, very likely, not written before.
yeah well i don't know my wife's a medical student and uh you know we got some of the uh Journal of the AMA and American Medical News thing and it seems like that physicians unless they're in writing or video tape or something
Replying to a frustrated colleague in the field, the Bin Ladin unit chief wrote:"having a chance to get [Bin Ladin] three times in 36 hours and foregoing the chance each time has made me a bit angry.
"Clearly," MacGregor wrote in a 1992 exhibition catalog, "Darger was not free."
well and i've also written down the Taste of Italy we'll have to try that sometime
Software for the implementation of the statistical estimation and testing procedures described above was written in FORTRAN and run on desktop PCs [ 13].
But consider what a younger, sharper-tongued Sontag might have written.
and the other is you know you got that statement and you can make one payment you don't have to write out a bunch of checks or always be paying for things it's convenient from that standpoint
In these situations, an official authorized by the agency head (or designee) must grant advance authority in writing, and the agency must ensure that effective controls are in place to ensure the proper reporting of T&A data.
This is in spite of the fact that I taught courses on technology for more than 10 years before I retired and have even written books on the new technology.
that was my problem in school i could not write programs
EPA held a public hearing on March 31, 1995, in Washington, DC, and received more than 283 written comments.
The WP finds front-page space today for what you might call the Y2K problem for classicists--there is no agreed-upon way to write out 1999 in Roman numerals.
two thousand dollars left let's say on on the loan if you go up there and write them a two thousand dollar check it doesn't all go towards principal
RAM was involved in data extraction, quality scoring, analysis and writing.
Written sentences that in isolation appear ambiguous will snap into focus when enmeshed in a larger discourse; moreover, written language has the advantage over spoken language in that it allows rereading (and reading ahead) in order to ensure an accurate interpretation of a given sentence.
wonder if it was by one of those famous writers you know Margaret Truman Daniels writes a lot those
2. Beneath each consensus amino acid are written in capital letters all variants determined to be positively selected (in descending order of frequency).
Mitchell, currently with NPR and the Fort Worth Star-Telegram , has the perfect sensibility for writing about a steady profusion of disaster movies and romantic comedies.
yeah uh i think his name was Bachman he wrote under the name of Bachman
In 12 of the 25 DOL rules allowing participation by facsimile, commenters had to submit original written comments as well.
Some very talented people have brought their knowledge to bear on everyday questions and problems of language in this book: Martin Manser, whose Penguin Wordmaster Dictionary was favorably reviewed here [XIV, 2]; Betty Kirkpatrick, editor of Chambers Twentieth Century Dictionary ; Jonathon Green, compiler of the Thesaurus of Slang, Newspeak , and a Dictionary of Jargon (soon to be reviewed here); and John Silverlight, who writes a language column in The Observer , which I have not seen.
in general that uh they i've seen checks deposited the very next day i mean cleared my account the next day my wife will write a check for groceries and
Indeed, already, sadly as a result of the way the sections on aging research in the report were written, the myth that longevity has an inevitable tradeoff of diminished fertility is now gaining a further foothold: witness the January 26, 2004, issue of the The New Republic . In it, an article about this report of the Council falls right into the trap: it states, “But changes come with longer life.
Except, of course, for the part about the lips, which look though you may, you will not find in this book, for I did not write such nonsense.
and so uh you know then i had to put write the name on the whole bedspread i'm talking uh like it's
Auditors should normally request that the responsible officials' views on significant findings, conclusions, and recommendations be submitted in writing.
He was writing a warning, not a prescription.
uh you know because students really do seem to be freer when they write on the computer as you probably found out yourself
participated in the design of the study, carried out the immunofluorescence stainings, interpreted the data and wrote the manuscript.
1 stung 2 by 3 what happened, Lederer began 4 trying 5 to write better 6 than Monrad, 7 who fainted.
um and yet you have big corporations that that manage uh just because the way the laws are written not to pay anything at all year after year after year
LSC will only adopt a different configuration based upon good and substantial reasons clearly articulated in writing and tied to the specific standards enumerated herein.
The o in reliHion ought to carry a written accent, as does the i of aquí , and poco ought to be poca.
you know this is one of the big things with kids kids are writing letters to the newspapers about you know uh telling adults to clean up their act and
For example, VBA streamlined its claims process by allowing one employee to handle all aspects of a claim, instead of requiring employees to write referrals and wait for responses from other divisions.
About ten or twelve years ago, when I started traveling in the course of my business (as international business manager for a medical company), I would often look up Schindlers in local phone books and write them to see if we might be related.
uh William Shatner wrote it
Written comments on the unapproved collections are requested and no one need respond to such collections until approved by OMB.
When a literate Chinese had to write about this new kingdom a problem arose as there was no charactter for the Viet.
yeah and then i was reading in the paper just this morning it's interesting because i had forgotten i guess that i wrote this little topic down that it costs more to execute somebody than than it does to keep them
Synopses, written by PLoS Medicine 's professional editors, should provide any health professional with a quick introduction to an article.
Gesang) wrote: “und sie legt' ihm die Hand auf Haupt and sagte die Worte” [`and she laid her hand on his head and spoke the words']: nekrast negibaul geid sum manteflih dnudna mein tedachs . Thus, Garrison Keillor's boy narrator, with his arooaroo halama rama , is simply continuing a universal tradition, hallowed by generations of priests, magicians--and children--through the millennia.
i really don't i'm just wrote my resume up because told we might be facing layoff over at Digital and they've never had well they've had layoffs recently but when we got hired here no no never any layoffs never never
FEMA personnel will be on hand to meet with flood victims to answer questions and provide recovery information and written materials about various assistance programs.
Aleksius Jemadu, a lecturer in international relations at Parahyangan Catholic University in Bandung, Indonesia, wrote that the East Timor militias might target Australian troops, "thus drawing Australia into a conflict much more complicated than it ever expected.
and it uh it was expensive we were writing out checks for you know eight hundred dollar prescriptions and medical procedures and all of that
Collocation also eliminated communication barriers, such as the need to write memos or leave voice mail messages
If they're absolutely right, then why didn't they write better separate articles instead?
and i said well i i'd like it for eight thousand dollars i said for eight thousand dollars i'll sell you know i'll write out the down payment now and you know because i can get financing i can get financing through my credit
He explained, for instance, that provisions were being written into the new bylaws that would prohibit LSNY from forcing any bylaw changes for two years.
My skill at writing software, I believe, is God-given.
uh it's kind of related to like who writes history because obviously the the news eventually does become history it's just always going to be someone's the prevailing opinion
One especially important higher-level application is computerized physician order entry, in which providers write orders including prescriptions using computers [ 11 ] . Computerization of ordering is important because most actions in health care follow an order; computerizing this process allows provision of real-time decision support to providers, for example implementation of guidelines and critical pathways.
Since art is infinitely various and complex, it's particularly implausible that anyone else would have written Shakespeare's plays.
if they have a return envelope with it i write across the face of it no thank you your rates are too high and i mail it back to them
After the primary reviewers have written their reviews, shorter reviews are written by their superiors, with the process culminating in a decision about whether to approve the drug for the proposed indication.
The story is unimportant--some bucolic tale--but the writing is extraordinary, and I must assume that while the art of the original remains, no small credit is due to the translator.
he's good did you ever read he wrote Texas a few years ago
GAO will generally provide written notification to the agencies involved in the work electronically in an agreed-upon format that protects the files from alteration.
The Nation , for example, has written extensively against the war.
yeah i knew his literary agent in Houston when she was just uh convincing him to write all this down he was teaching
Dr. Rich contributed to writing the portion of the manuscript that refers to the statistical analytical plan.
Snow wrote his famous essay about the war between the "two cultures," between the essentially literary sensibility that we expect of a card-carrying intellectual and the scientific/mathematical outlook that is arguably the true glory of our civilization.
you don't want to end up having to pay for it a couple times i've had to write big credit card companies and say you know i didn't really get this or
It is written for the intelligent lay public, many of whom avidly collect and read “brain books” to expand their minds.
I'm writing in the voice of a doctor.
that he's written
This may disturb those who write culture with a capital C , and hence view it as uniquely human, but it is a serious possibility nonetheless.
And I you know, made up a big headline, you know, "Such And Such a City Destroyed," you know, give a by-line, you know, give a date and time and then just start writing what I, what I thought were journalistic articles at that point about that event, event which I had read about in a book, which I had imagined.
Luis Rodriguez has written a wonderful memoir, dedicated to his son, that depicts the crazy life he led in Los Angeles in the 1970s.
Prudie wrote in the column to which you refer, "People of good will cannot begrudge those in genuine need."
that the Arab guy wrote that the Abdul is going to come uh
President Clinton, a voracious reader, received his daily intelligence briefings in writing.
I, I can't remember when I wasn't writing poetry.
In more recent times the individual who writes on walls has been called a tagger, and the art of writing is tagging.
Having written Taxi Driver (1976) and Hardcore (1979) and other vigilante pictures in which the underlying motives of the avenger are called into question, Schrader embraced the story of a vigilante who turns out to be dead wrong, driven mad by an increasing sense of his own impotence in a world that has left him behind.
they had to write uh a little brief autobiography of themselves and about what they had done and what they wanted to do and
Author 1 conceived the study and participated in writing the paper
Um, the poem, the poetry that I write, and the songs that I write, um, depending on whether I felt that it has meet, met, I guess, my criteria for excellence, um, I, I am working on compiling my poetry.
The Murrieta legend has also been written by Latinos and Europeans, and Pablo Neruda, the Nobel Prize winner, wrote an opera about Murrieta entitled Splendor and Death of Joaquín Murrieta, insisting that Joaquín was actually Chileno and not Mexican.
2) It's based on a book written by one of Winchell's ghostwriters, who, natch, makes himself the star of the film.
Weinstocks card i use that but i'm like you i usually pay it off as soon as i get my bill why i don't just write a check i don't know
ZX carried out immunofluorescence and EM, analyzed data, made figures and wrote the manuscript.
Oh we had assignments where, um, we had to, um, write out the definition, actually write out, you know, using the word in a sentence.
Written in a sixteen-syllable verse, it is usually printed in eight-syllable lines.
The former president, the article noted, had advised President Reagan, written several books, and made Rolling Stone 's list of "Who's Hot."
well it seems like just ten or fifteen years ago when we were writing a proposal to work on some program we would sit down with an old Freidman mechanical calculator
The author (1) JRA developed and wrote this report.
So when I spent time in the Scriptures, I, um, write my insights and sometimes I write my prayers and I also, you know, pour out my heart.
It is this difference that Rojas writes about in his three-volume memoir of the California vaquero.
A large number of words that do not occur in common speech and writing today are listed; some have been selected here (omitting pronunciation and part of speech) with comments based on checking in the Oxford English Dictionary , which, it must be noted, classed the words at about the time of publication of the Chicago Tribune Pronouncing Dictionary :
yeah but i'm even talking i'm i'm not even i'm not even talking about higher education we're i'm talking about the the kids that we've got now they come out of high school that can't read and write
But when they wrote their estimates, even in brief papers, they could draw on a deep base of knowledge.
and i just really really liked the way he writes it's just
Dr. Berman wrote the first drafts of the paper and the classification.
i i write a newsletter at Christmas time and i had an article on cars this year and i can just look at that if i can find it before our time expires um
Clarke later wrote in a memorandum of this conversation that the call had been approved at an interagency meeting and cleared with the CIA.
i think uh that won't last very long write protection just doesn't uh doesn't have any eat protection on it
Both authors wrote, read, and approved the final manuscript.
but it took like twenty five minutes but it was the whole thing was the state but i don't want to rewrite the Constitution i just wish people i wish it would be interpreted like the founding fathers wrote it to be interpreted by
The manuscript was written by AMF and edited jointly by all authors.
you know a lot of times in his interviews he was talking about you know people asking why are you doing this why are you doing that he says i'm following the orders of my President i'm not the one who writes the orders i'm just the one who follows them
Writing to Rumsfeld on September 17 in a memo headlined "Preventing More Events,"he argued that if there was even a 10 percent chance that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9/11 attack, maximum priority should be placed on eliminating that threat.
they funded this thing this act on a stage and did a study on it between two lesbians and two homosexuals and wrote a report about that with our money
Oliver Wendell Holmes, stereoscope enthusiast, wrote of the experience that “the shutting out of surrounding objects, and the concentration of the whole attention, which is a consequence of this, produce a dreamlike exaltation…in which we seem to leave the body behind us and sail away into one strange scene after another, like disembodied spirits” (Holmes 1861).
well we're still writing checks for the loans for Notre Dame
All contigs with more than three member ESTs was screened for misassemblies using Consed tools and newly written scripts.
uh and so i use it basically to run all my statistics and write up my reports and research and all that kind of good stuff
The CIA did not write any analytical assessments of possible hijacking scenarios.
well actually on my Commodore i mainly study lottery numbers would you believe i have written some uh programs in basic
We first write each parameter as
yeah they can write off a lot more losses now
Written consent was obtained from subjects before participation.
and one of the Congressmen has has written in the last three years almost about a thousand bad checks
Generally, the central security management groups were responsible for developing written corporatewide policies in partnership with business managers, internal auditors, and attorneys.
you know write our checks we even categorize our payments and i mean we even get into that kind of detail um so so
For these methods, we wrote functions to specify details such as the high and low frequency cutoffs with the filter, for example.
yeah because i i think i was i think i read it in college or had to write it read it in high school or college but i don't remember it and then when Jennie had to read it at Gettysburg and i got her the i got her someone i think it was um
Among Professor Rogers' publications are two books on mediation and the law that received Book Prizes in 1987 and 1989, respectively: a text for law students written with Richard A. Salem and a legal treatise written with Craig McEwen.
i'll have to look back and see what else he's written because he
NAA collected data and participated in manuscript writing
and writing about medical topics
A copy of the consent form was given to participants immediately following written consent.
but then it became you see just sort of a clerical task whereas when you wrote it out in long hand you were a
To overcome this, we utilized a concrete approach to learning in which all of the information was reorganized and presented in two formats: color coded flash cards corresponding to each curriculum component which were organized into teaching modules and written and verbal question and answer formats.
yeah well i tried writing letters to get it straightened out but it uh it took about eight months and i finally said cancel the account and
In these early uses of the case study method, evaluators wrote their reports to stand alone.
word processors and i write all my letters is is wonderful uh my uh thoughts in my head come in bursts of about a paragraph at a time and i get them all down and
(2) preparation of a quality assurance plan with data quality objectives; (3) preparation of written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures (SOP's) for test organism culturing, toxicity testing, instrument calibration, sample chain-of-custody, laboratory sample tracking system, etc.; and (4) provision of adequate, qualified technical staff and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data.
and you know there are two hundred apliplations for one one job uh you send in a resume and they they don't even write a letter to you to say no thanks which
In order to facilitate the development of sequence analysis applications based on the USM state space, the software library of functions written to calculate the USM coordinates is provided with the web-based implementation (see address above).
i'm glad we had this conversation because it makes me think i need to sit down and maybe write
Clarke wrote to Berger's deputy on February 10 that the military was then doing targeting work to hit the main camp with cruise missiles and should be in position to strike the following morning.
to me i can't even image now how they even produced books or letters before word processors you know then we'd have to through fifty iterations at least the way i write letters and things
This was conveyed to the White House in writing on August 17, 2001.
uh he he also wrote People of the Lie and
Service members may not approve their own absence reports unless prior authority to do so is granted in writing by an authorized official.
well i find it a great use from the standpoint that you don't have to continue to write checks in order to get cash
As law enforcement officers, Bureau agents tended to write up only witness interviews.
the uh the the people who write the history it's their view and from wherever they happen to be i mean what we've noticed is that um
The subject matter of written materials and of events (for example, legal education workshops is on issues of particular concern to our clients).
i mean look at the mentality of your average person who smokes cigarettes they don't think they're ever going to get cancer and yet it's written on every single package
The Science and Technology Committee (2004) report was the product of a seven-month investigation, featuring some 127 submissions of written evidence and four days of oral testimony from the likes of Nature Publishing Group, Reed Elsevier, and indeed, the Public Library of Science.
their just their attitude is just slimy and and uh i've written a a letter to Middlekauff and i've told them that matter of fact i got another letter last night from the Quality Ford Division
Clarke wrote Berger on January 11, 2000, that the CIA, the FBI, Justice, and the NSC staff had come to two main conclusions.
and uh it had sixty nine thousand miles on it and i had written about synthetic i had read about synthetic oil s in Popular Science so i decided hey this is a good car to experiment on it i don't have much money in it you know i only bought it for a thousand dollars
Thus, we can write w ( d ) = exp(-α d ) with α = 1 - ν/( L κ- L ). The condition that the fraction of neutral mutants ν/( L κ- L ) is much larger than the total fraction of viable mutants among all possible sequences is crucial for the exponential decay of w ( d ). Consider by contrast the Russian Roulette model by Gavrilets and Gravner [ 40 ] , in which all sequences are randomly assigned a fitness value of either 0 or 1. The total fraction p of viable sequences in this model is equal to the expected fraction of neutral mutants of any sequence with fitness 1, and w ( d ) ≈ p for d > 0 in this model.
but she seems to me to be you know pretty quick and smart and she's already reading and writing and stuff like that and she just turned five last month
In the memo's margin, Berger wrote that before considering action, "I will want more than verified location: we will need, at least, data on pattern of movements to provide some assurance he will remain in place."
pick things up but it would just it do wouldn't do any good because you know the banks aren't stupid they're going to realize that they can't you know they can't keep affording to write off five percent if they're only charging you know thirteen fourteen percent
DRR participated in the conception, design, and coordination of the study; conducted the computer-related aspects of the study; assisted with the hybridization and fluorescence studies; and wrote parts of the manuscript.
and they have reading to write which is uh they can write stories and and learn to write on computers so at least uh the school district that we're in has you know computers that they begin on and i really feel like
But few materials are available in Mixteco or other indigenous tongues, in part because they barely exist in written form.
so uh i end up sometimes reading the things that are written here all the way through sometimes just a few chapters because that's as far as they get
The performance audit chapters are written to avoid use of terminology drawn from financial audits.
and one of my girlfriends brought a really nice bottle of wine and she had written down the number to Domino's Pizza
An agency's electronic or hard-copy written comments are typically reproduced in an appendix to the issued report.
i doubt it but then i doubt if we ever will just keep writing to your congressman and telling him that
Too many public companies' disclosures are written in legal language and are way too long.
uh they're real good she's been writing for a long time and i was trying to remember she wrote one uh she writes they've always have gone the spy um
The original certification procedure required submission of a written application, test report and fee (and a device for testing in some cases) to the FCC laboratory.
because they still had the stuff you know and they could write it off
On November 25, Berger and Clarke wrote President Clinton that although the FBI and CIA investigations had not reached a formal conclusion, they believed the investigations would soon conclude that the attack had been carried out by a large cell whose senior members belonged to al Qaeda.
yeah yeah but there's really no written rule i guess they couldn't write that down that might be discrimination or something i don't know i mean i've never been told what to wear or what not to wear
If Bin Ladin actually moved to Iraq, wrote Clarke, his network would be at Saddam Hussein's service, and it would be "virtually impossible" to find him.
and it took me about a year of arguing i said you know you've got to put this in writing to me and because until they put it in writing i couldn't get my insurance benefits and i couldn't get my uh termination benefits either
GACK was written in Perl.
i tell you it gets tough when you know we have i've tried to write something out on a computer and stuff but it seems like every week there's something that comes up and makes it about impossible to
Financial statement disclosures are difficult to understand, as though written in a "foreign language."
you know is like a welcome it's got a it's gonna have little wooden hearts holding it in its hands and then welcome written on those little wooden hearts
Permit oral agency comments to be equally acceptable as written comments (par.
i am looking for a pen i want to write this down because well that is where i went this year because i waited too late to really plant stuff but i did not know that these hyacinths like i said i do not know anything about plants i did not know the hyacinths hyacinths were going to die
The results of a USAT study of taxi safety are written up on the front of the paper's "Money" section.
Further, we have collaboratively written the manuscript and take public responsibility for it.
yeah because we write off debts we loaned the Mexican government five hundred million dollars or whatever and forgave them
with loving care," says Michael Wilmington in the Chicago Tribune . It's "a wickedly effective thriller," writes the Chicago Sun-Times ' Roger Ebert.
He wrote internal memos, brought friends and colleagues to working lunches at home with Odile, his wife of fifty-five years.
it was just beginning to be recognized and noticed ten years ago i i know that because i was writing a a paper about it
Clearly, David Galef's classics course was done in translation, for had he read in Greek, he would never have written Pandora's Box but Pandora's Wine Jar [The Niceness Principle, XVII , 2].
CCL conceived of the study, participated in its design and coordination, and participated in writing the draft.
we have it written that uh even for civil cases everyone's guaranteed a right to a jury as long as the uh dispute is for more than twenty five dollars
He also writes confusing prose.
In early March, Cressey wrote Rice and Hadley that at a belated wedding reception at Tarnak Farms for one of Bin Ladin's sons, the al Qaeda leader had read a new poem gloating about the attack on the Cole.
oh the book is really good i mean i i keep a little library of books that i just like to read over and over again and that's one of them it's it's so well written
Then, while waiting for the cooking to finish, I have 55 minutes for myself--to read the paper, write the Great American Novel, or do whatever it is I do with my time.
In describing NNT, respondents preferred the written explanation which rescaled data from "1-in x" to "x out of 100" (Table 3d).
i would really think that they should be stressing more can the kid write a thought
10," James Madison wrote of "the mischiefs of faction"--taken to be a synonym for, or the worst manifestation of, party.
CR designed the study and wrote the manuscript.
trying to write an essay you start talking about you know like
' He never would come right out and say it," Woodward writes.
To illustrate differences among types of information, we might base the conclusion that "the day was hot" on data from an instrument that records the room temperature (numerical and objective), a record of the atmospheric temperature as written down by an observer checking a thermometer (numerical and relatively nonsubjective), a survey asking people how hot they felt (nonnumerical and subjective), and a "thick" description of what clothes people were wearing, how much they perspired or shivered, whether they turned up the furnace or the air conditioner, and how much energy they seemed to have for work (nonnumerical and judgmental).
and uh every time uh my mother had uh uh i have two other sisters and my mother had us uh do some studying of the the area which we were going to visit and then we had to write uh
The 10 written questions that accompany each speech are of the sort I haven't seen since sixth-grade reading comprehension: "How [according to Rep.
The manuscript was prepared and written by SKT and AWB.
and you can pick up any of his stuff and you can just sort of try it and if you like his style well he's written i'd say twenty or twenty five
intend when he wrote or sang the 23rd Psalm?
MBS carried out 95% percent of the data collection, performed the LH assay, and wrote early drafts of the manuscript.
yeah uh um i've watched Murder She Wrote a couple of times but um i like mysteries and i do like Columbo but there what is opposite Murder She Wrote there's something else that i watch i think it's that family home video show
5. Who really wrote the Talking Points?
In the margin next to Clarke's suggestion to attack al Qaeda facilities in the week before January 1, 2000, Berger wrote "no."
Broaddrick told me Sunday that a Times reporter had appeared at the house in the a.m., and that she had refused an interview," Rabinowitz writes in an e-mail message.
In a written set of instructions slightly refined during the morning meeting, President Bush charged Ashcroft, Mueller, and Tenet to develop a plan for homeland defense.
He brings together strands of our legal culture that until his writing seemed to lack internal coherence.
Well I didn't like writing at the time but I took it upon myself to go ahead and write a paper.
you know it's just them there they are and they're writing the whole time
They might make $300, $400 a week if they write X number of stories, and that's it.
Well, we provided an affidavit, and that affidavit indicated that we, if called upon to testify, would validate the authenticity of the articles that were written.
But I was as clear as I could possibly be that what is at issue here would be, for example, the particular events that the reporters wrote about and questions such as -- simple questions, did they attend the meeting, did they hear them say the comments, did they write the story immediately after, did they take notes at the time of the meeting.
And then in the course of that conversation, the defendants counsel had stated, for example, we would like the opportunity to ask if they heard Mr. So and So say something, why didn't they write that.
I'm willing to have them testify as to what they wrote in the article and basically forget the affidavit.
You have no idea how long it took us to write this.
To allay Mr. Benn's concerns, I think it is not fair game to talk about all the other things that they heard and why they wrote the article the way they did and why they excluded quotes.
Did you ever speak to any of the reporters who had written the stories about what the Dover School Board was doing during this time?
I had wrote a letter to the editor.
I wrote a letter to the editor -- I believe it was actually written before I attended the board meeting, but it wasn't published until after that June 14th board meeting.
Who wrote the letter?
Our standing objection, as well as she has not established a foundation that actually Heather Geesey wrote this article.
That made me question, first of all, was she writing on behalf of just herself or on behalf of the whole school board since it was signed Dover Area School Board Director, and I sensed a religious intonation.
And one is certain that Kenneth Rexroth, in his American Poetry in the Twentieth Century (Herder and Herder, N.Y., 1971) did not intend to hint at closet biographical matter when, in Chapter I, he wrote that “Whitman's poems are full of men doing things together,” or, later in the same chapter, when he referred to “Whitman's joyous workmen swinging their tools in the open air.”
British-born explorers did not set out to write Australian English, of course.
Because writing an unfavorable review of a (bad) feminist book would be tantamount to treachery, such books are often unjustifiably praised, as was the case with this work by Rosalind Miles, which was well received on its publication in June.
From the poet Sappho, who in the sixth century BC was the first to use the lyric to write subjectively and explore the range of female experience, to the Chinese polymath Pan Chao (Ban Zhao), who flourished around AD 100 as historian, poet, astronomer, mathematician and educationalist, the range is startling.
Even the remnants we have from early languages that had a writing system are relatively sparse: Classical Latin and Greek, Hebrew, and a few other languages are better documented than others; but for most all we have to go on are a handful of tablets here, a few inscriptions there, barely enough in many cases to allow us to identify the language, let alone draw any conclusions regarding its structure or meaning.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
It is important, too, to note that writing systems are irrelevant: for instance, Polish is written (today) using the Roman alphabet, but Russian, a related Slavic language, uses the Cyrillic; Yiddish, a Germanic language, is written in Hebrew characters; Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit, which resemble one another rather closely in some respects, all use different alphabets; and early examples, utterly unrecognizable to untrained readers of modern languages, were written in cuneiform, quite suitable for writing on soft clay tablets with a pointed stylus, and hieroglyphics.
As everyone in the world must know by now, William Safire writes a column in The New York Times Magazine called “On Language.”
Those familiar with Safire's editorial style, reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off: I cannot put my finger on why, but “On Language” always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute.
As Andrew Norman wrote, in a letter published in this book on page 113, “You flit freely back and forth between prescriptivism and descriptivism.”
Notwithstanding the valuable role he plays in inspiring nonlinguists to think about language and in informing them about myriad facets of the subject, I find it hard slogging (or, as he would probably write, “sloguing”).
In their description of isoglosses , they write:
Bruce Bagemihl spent 10 years scouring the biological literature for data on alternative sexuality in animals to write Biological Exuberance: Animal Homosexuality and Natural Diversity, 768 pages about exactly what goes on at "South Park's" Big Gay Al's Big Gay Animal Sanctuary.
but anyway he wrote for Rolling Stone magazine for years and years i think he still does
One way of bounding the effect of these parameter changes is to write the original differential equation as
I'll write more soon.
and and so one of the things i do is donate money to his campaigns and uh write to him when i see things that outrage me
To simulate repeated low-dose challenges in the vaccinated group, we perform repeated Bernoulli trials with a probability of success p v . For a given vaccine efficacy VE S , p v is determined by equation 3. Analogously to the control group, the results of these repeated Bernoulli trials can be written as two vectors, 
He finds his writing blocked.
let me ask by the way just for the record i i'm i totally concede that intelligent people read these things and intelligent people write them
procured funding, directed the research, and wrote the manuscript.
I have tried to write about humor and have found it such a humorless chore that I have given up, usually after one paragraph.
She writes:
crimes and atrocities before the the revolution and and had her write her own story over and over and over
MW wrote the manuscript.
When he writes moving, interesting drama, he doesn't.
Its first written history is found in the Hebrew Bible; for the land about it was Mount Seir of old (now Esh Sera), home of the Horites, cave dwellers whose progenitor was Hori, the grandson of Seir (Gen.
uh uh we had a couple of people in our group who wrote one who wrote a huge letter to the editors
LDC wrote and performed all statistical analysis and preparation of the data presented in this manuscript.
In OBITER DICTA [XXIII,3,16] Tony Hall writes... the square of 5.5 is not a simple piece of mental arithmetic.
We are writing to ask you to stop torturing him and to to release Mr. Rheinfahrt and Mr. Joseph Jamal.
huh and also we have found that if we write down
Then it is more informative to write v 
She had written her poem (which she titled "Only You") and put it back in the file without ever telling him.
"The world is, indeed, teeming with homosexual, bisexual and transgendered creatures of every stripe and feather," Bagemihl writes in the first page of his book. "
yeah well i think one of the things that may maybe does encourage encourage uh saving in a small way is that you can't write off taxes on personal spending
William Pascrell Jr., D-NJ, wrote to LSC; the Passaic County Board of Chosen freeholders passed a resolution against it; and local mayors, the state and local bar associations and various community groups clients have written letters on behalf of Passaic Legal Aid.
Whether the shift from Hildy Johnson to Abe Rosenthal was a good or bad thing, it must be noted that not even Rosenthal's most passionate detractors have ever accused him of being a fictional character or of writing a sentence like "Crushing all Chechen resistance, Russian troops made their dreamy, romantic, and elegant way to the outskirts of Grozny."
I just wish I could write funny stuff too.
because i don't want junk mail anyway so i wrote to them when it came on the air so i don't get any of that bull that it works by the way
Dr. Berman wrote the first draft of the article and wrote the Perl validator for the current TMA specification draft, chairs the API Technical Standards Committee that launched the TMA data exchange specification and chaired the first TMA Data Exchange discussion held at the U of Michigan AIMCL meeting, May 30, 2002.
The German government believes it has obtained the written blueprint for the campaign.
The Huxley property, explained our host, was really just a crater as a fire had destroyed the building where Aldous wrote and took his LSD, where Laura struggled on alone until 1979.
what they did was well see what they did was okay they uh wrote they wrote to all the initial people you know the the oldest ones
CB designed and tested FVL OCPs and participated in generating figures and writing the manuscript.
The written word
2. Write the lyrics for a song Brahms might have written for Clara.
hi i'm Carla from XYZ company and i'll say excuse me uh what's your name again and uh act like i'm writing it down and could i have your last name Carla
If you need to use the mail, it would be helpful if you sent your comments both in writing and on diskette (in Word or ASCII format).
It began as a decoding system in which the reader learned to read texts from China as though they were Japanese, and developed into a way of writing employed by Japanese themselves.
3. If you play an instrument, create an original short piece that Brahms might have written for Clara.
The Institutional Review Board of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke and the NIH Radiation Safety Committee approved the study and all patients and healthy volunteers gave their written and informed consent.
In the course of the endless massacre of Americans on Omaha Beach, I wrote in my notebook, "No one who experiences this scene will ever cheer for a war again."
I searched Ideen and wrote this in reaction:
and over time she uh uh finally through her perseverance and writing enough letters to enough different people embarrassed enough of the the middle
As there were no interventions, requirement for written patient consent was waived.
Given that grammars are often used on a systematic basis--the regularities dominate the idiosyncrasies--grammarians write and format them on that basis; yet grammars are also used, exceedingly often, on a single-shot basis, a quick in and out, just like a normal dictionary consultation.
It may reflect S's disquiet about his sexual proclivities: he writes a sad record of longing and vacillation in his two-year courtship of a certain Karen, a Danish psychoanalyst, and his almost immediate divorce from her after their marriage in 1938.
and we were laughing that we'd have to go to that examination to prove we could read and write with a specimen of urine
As early as mid-1997, one CIA officer wrote to his supervisor: "All we're doing is holding the ring until the cavalry gets here."
But will the bandwidth explosion be undermined by Shuman's Law ? Shuman's Law holds that you can count on talented twentysomething software developers (like Shuman) to write big, stinking pieces of software that will swallow all your expanding computer resources--your processor, your hard disk, your memory, and your bandwidth --resulting in no net performance gains.
Ven and Amby wrote away for morning glory seeds and explored their higher consciousness with the aid of IFIF and the Native American Peyote Church, to which Ambrose had a legal claim to belong, trudging through deep snows out onto the ice crags to peer into the fluorescent blue water unfrozen underneath.
authors authors like Bobbie Ann Mason she's from Kentucky and writes a lot of just kind of contemporary realism sort of stuff um John Barthelme who wrote he just died a few years ago and he wrote kind of weird avant-garde
Use of Intermediaries: In all written and oral communications with recipients, OCE will affirmatively propose that recipients use program staff as an intermediary to review case files (or other records containing privileged or confidential information) and to answer questions of OCE.
Others have written about the Staples controversy and will continue to do so.
If I can now remember them, I will try to write some down.
well i think it's just incredible i and then you know those um two guys who wrote Les Miserables wrote a new show call Miss Saigon
When LSC staff found that one program lacked an effective way to monitor the quality of its advocates' written legal work, we gave specific directions on how the program could establish a system to ensure high quality written legal work.
If you believe that the trust fund is an accounting fiction (the government borrowing from itself, paying itself interest, and writing checks that are government commitments irrespective of the fund), then the transaction is a total wash.
He wants to write a clear exhortation to his peers: voting for Kerry is only an unpleasant first step in a genuinely worthwhile project: he wants to argue that world-historical changes require that we accede to-nay, accelerate-the decline and fall of the United States as a global power.
if they have something like that because now every time we plan anything just about we write to the Chamber of Commerce of where we're going because you can find out so much easier that a way than try to locate it you know
The FBI office in London raised the matter briefly with British officials as an aside, after a meeting about a more urgent matter on September 3, and sent the British service a written update on September 5. The case was not handled by the British as a priority amid a large number of other terrorist-related inquiries.
It is astonishing to see a public figure at a political event refer to any work of literature written before 1985 or, in the case of George W., written.
If the Sirenians and not Stonehenge were writing the script:
uh she's the one that writes uh
More formally we can write the reduction in population cancer mortality rates associated with starting periodic cancer screening at age a instead of age b as
"the slight, intense woman"-- a presumptuous comment from reporter David E. Sanger, writing in the New York Times.
After all, the most popular file-sharing software, KaZaA, was dreamed up by a Swede and written by three young Estonians.
is not anymore they'll take it you know at the cash price or you they'll now let you write a check if you have their card so you pay for it immediately instead of um you know putting it off for a month
For an account of the reporting from this period written by Mike, see CIA memo, Jeff to Tenet, "Tracking Usama Bin Ladin, 14-20 May 1999," May 21, 1999.
If she wrote a letter, perhaps she also “bote” her tongue.
I just thought about it because, being February, and, and, um, it's Black American History Mon th or something like that, and I'm, I'm doing a report on that on Zora Neale Hurston's Their Eyes Were Watching God and, um, I found her to be very interesting, but uh, she writes solely upon the Black culture and her experiences in growing up.
A few sentences written on the retablo express the favor granted, starting with the words “Doy gracias” or “Doy infinitas gracias a la Santisima Virgen de San Juan de los Lagos” (I give thanks, I give infinite thanks to the most holy Virgin of San Juan of the Lakes) and the reason for the retablo is written out, with the location and date added at the end.
But he’d seen the writing on the wall and brought the war to an end with Algerian independence in 1962.
Indy Reads students make gains in reading, writing and language.
he wrote he's the one who wrote uh Red October A Hunt for Red October
JRD extracted data, contributed to the protocol writing, extracted and analyzed data, contributed to the drafts and approved the final version of the paper.
The WP reports that Trent Lott got a provision written into the budget bill that extends the duck hunting season in Mississippi, but never explains how a federal bill could do that.
What types of stories did he write?
Lighting daily candles could be a financial strain, and a pilgrimage may take several years to complete, yet neither is ever forgotten, and a manda is taken more seriously than a legal written contract.
However you read or write it, Urumqi sounds remote and exotic.
Today, he and his new tutor are exploring the Internet and plotting routes to travel out west while they continue to strengthen his reading and writing.
really sounds like something she would write
In most methods, we plan for data collection, then we collect the information, then we analyze it, and then we write the report.
A review savages Barbara Kingsolver and Anna Quindlen: Their writing is heartfelt, but their politics are naive and their use of emotion is cheap.
Um, Miss Red, I think it was in tenth grade, required us to write everyday in our journal and then get to turn it in.
A stilus was the sharp-pointed tool used to write on wax tablets and, by inference, stilus also referred to the way that something was written.
Nanak’s teachings were written in the Adi Granth, which acquired for Sikhs the sanctity of the Koran.
I am writing to ask you, as a business leader, to invest in our community by contributing to this partnership through United Way of Central Indiana.
and they have reading to write which is uh they can write stories and and learn to write on computers so at least uh the school district that we're in has you know computers that they begin on and i really feel like
AIB was responsible for generating microarray data, and contributed to writing the manuscript.
Joyce Maynard auctioned off love letters written to her by J.D.
I mean I have things now that I can go back to, uh, poems that I wrote in high school, but I was writing before that, I just, you know how things just disappear?
Marianne Stoller writes of the work of New Mexican women artists and why they have been left out of history.
At the end of the day, Louis — apparently oblivious to events in Paris — wrote in his diary, “Rien” (“Nothing”).
Once again, we are writing to ask for your support.
as part of a uh in her high school Humanities Humanities course she has been taking a little sub course that was offered where they actually write off you know and request their um
Atta's rent checks for the apartment provide evidence of the importance that the apartment assumed as a center for the group, as he would write on them the notation "Dar el Ansar," or "house of the followers."
If you don't like getting your nose punched, your aversion goes into the cost-benefit calculus and inspires us to write laws that discourage nose-punching.
Have you ever thought about, because of your love for books, have you ever thought about writing?
One play about La Adelita, titled Soldadera, written by Josephine Niggli, was produced and performed in the United States in 1936, and is still performed today.
They have three locations around the island (write to P.O.
That's why I'm writing to you today.
and we had to write code in binary and uh have it punched in on those little cardboard cards which i don't think exist anymore you never see one of those punch cards anymore
Written representations can take several forms, including having entity management sign summary documents prepared by the auditors.
It apparently never occurred to even one of these overpaid scribes to eliminate Hopkins' rueful realization that he'd "never write the great American novel"--no kidding, given his flagrantly Welsh accent.
So you used what you had read to actually, you, you wrote about things you'd actually read?
Because the customer must write, call, or e-mail these retailers with a specific purchase request, these firms are able to capture actual consumer demand rather than sales numbers alone.
Within the outcrop (which is actually the “Skull Hill” of the Garden Tomb) is a cave called Jeremiah’s Grotto; it is believed that the Prophet Jeremiah wrote the Book of Lamentations here and was then laid to rest.
Imagine how proud he must be of his writing skills, and his reading skills!
you know and that just drives me crazy because they're and then they want then you know to get it removed they say well you know you have to write this
R. Nelson; Conceived the study, wrote the paper, reviewed relevant literature.
You write that Barton's day-trading career is emblematic of the "glitz-and-greed '90s" and that Americans are "abandoning safe investments in the quest for instant riches."
Art, art whether it's writing or, or, um, drama or visual or music, you know, there's a term that Shakespeare used.
He has written several works on the traditional folk arts of southern Arizona, a region that also includes the Pimas, Yaquis, and Tohono O’odham Native Americans and borders the Sonora state of Mexico.
Entire books have been written about the original mosaics on the five domes and the great barrel vaults separating them, dating from the 11th to the 15th centuries.
I write to ask you to become a supporter of the Moving Company.
uh-huh my great grandmother was and she was she was terrified that some day someone might try to put her in a nursing home she even wrote a song about it she used to sing but
When auditors detect deficiencies in internal control that are not material to the subject matter or assertion or conclude, on the basis of evidence obtained, that fraud, an illegal act, or other noncompliance either has occurred or is likely to have occurred,10 they should communicate relevant information to officials of the audited entity, preferably in writing.
Once I wrote that 1990 review, I became a threat to Gould's social status, an enemy.
When I was in, uh, junior high and high school there was big letter writing campaign to all the soldiers in Vietnam a lot of the guys I was in high school with got drafted.
Although not a trained folklorist, Arnold Rojas writes of the vaquero (cowboy) culture of California, especially in the San Joaquin Valley at the turn of the century and into the first third of the 1900s.
Here, Henry David Thoreau, philosopher, essayist, poet, and friend of Emerson, lived in a cabin from 1845 to 1847, and wrote Walden.
You never write.
yeah i've been writing mine down just in case anything you know just
AM, KK, SB, AP, and FK aided in data interpretation, Bioinformatics, literature searches and writing the manuscript.
In effect, Reich is saying that he's not writing journalism or history.
I think in my work, what I remember to do, and what I write into every single class that I facilitate, OK, no matter what it is, if it's leadership, conflict, no matter what, is what I call a STAR model.
A brief history of the origin of writing: In the early Near East, loans of sheep and goats were common.
The great literary figure of the time, Vitsénzos Kornáros, wrote a romantic epic poem in the Cretan dialect, Erotókritos.
Joanne Warner, the second Challenger Scholar, wrote recently that she teaches second grade at Arlington Elementary in Franklin Township. "
write your own games yeah i just
6.7 Auditors should use their professional judgment to determine the form and content of the communication, although written communication is preferred.
Alexie's forthcoming film, Smoke Signals (produced, directed, written by, and starring American Indians), depicts reservation life accurately and touchingly.
Uh, and my mother sat down, probably that first week, and she wrote a poem and, uh, the poem tells a lot.
“For the serious architect the past exists not as a legacy to be possessed through a self-conscious act of the ‘modern’ will,” writes Roger Scruton in The Aesthetics of Architecture, “but as an enduring fact, an ineliminable part of an extended present.”
A number of companies will offer an evening of Scottish dancing along with an “addressing the haggis” ceremony — traditionally performed on Burns Night, the birthday of the poet who wrote an ode to this favorite Scottish dish.
I am writing to you as a donor to SouthEast Neighborhood Development (SEND) to update you on both our accomplishments and the challenges we are tackling next.
and uh you can either charge your groceries on it you have a choice or you can write a check and they okayed it that way
If a written product has been planned, the requesters or co-requesters must advise GAO of their withdrawal before the product is submitted for printing.
On the other hand, he writes at another point, "Humanitarianism is political.
Like, um, there's a poem on the wall over there that I wrote.
C. P. Snow wrote of the two cultures, science and the humanities, never to mix.
If you would like a copy before you leave home, write to: The Budapest Sun, 1068 Budapest, Dózsa György út 84a.
If you would like to write Dr. Prentice, I'm sure he would be happy to hear from you.
yeah they don't want to write you
We hope another commission, writing in the future about another attack, does not again find this quotation to be so apt.
At least, this is what I tell Italian-Americans who write me incredibly nasty letters when my mob stories appear.
Sitting down and writing it should remind you of some of the battles.
Patricia Preciado Martin, born and raised in Arizona, has written extensively about the folklore and traditional past of the Mexican people of Arizona.
The religion was druidic, and the law was an elaborate written code, interpreted by a class of professional lawyers known as brehons.
The new requirements stress closer attention to individual learning between students and advisers and emphasize the connections among literary study, writing, and linguistics.
are not real popular and they kill all the popular kids in the class it's it's kind of bleak but it's sort of fun and they do a lot of Moby Dick i had a roommate who wrote a whole paper on Moby Dick and Heathers and
This program should include (1) a safety officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a safety program, (2) the preparation of a formal, written, health and safety plan, which is provided to each of the laboratory staff, (3) an ongoing training program on laboratory safety, and (4) regularly scheduled, documented, safety inspections.
Great reviews for Memphis soul-blues singer and guitarist Cray's 11 th album: "A sheer blast of rocking good times" (Amy Linden, People ). It may not break any new ground, but it nevertheless impresses the critics--Joe Rosenthal of Rolling Stone writes that it is "a slow-burning soul record--and one of the most focused album's of Cray's 25 year career."
Um, the poem, the poetry that I write, and the songs that I write, um, depending on whether I felt that it has meet, met, I guess, my criteria for excellence, um, I, I am working on compiling my poetry.
The dissent, written by Justice Harlan, explicitly addressed the problem of unequal bargaining power between owners and bakers:
It took me 1 and 1/2 hours to type this on the computer because my writing skills need a lot of practice yet, but my tutor helped me with only a few words.
and you know Christian books written by people about you know to help you out and stuff and
21, 2004); Commission analysis of letters written to OSHA concerning the September 11 attacks.
The same might justly be said of the man who wrote the play.
I like writing stories and poems and I write them for school a lot and I'm part of a magazine to write stories and poems and we draw too, to put stories that students write in the magazine for school.
Nonetheless, writing for the majority, Justice Miller constructed a plausible theory of what it should mean to be a citizen of the United States.
Several of the windows show Bible scenes on a majestic scale, but look also for the simple red door above which is written the advice “marry in haste, repent at leisure.”
To better help us assist you, write, fax or E-mail and tell us more about yourself.
yeah in fact that's that's what this guy you know he wrote a book on it and he says that's you know he's tried it several with several of his cards and he's just told them you know i i can get this card from this bank
Soon after the Cole attack and for the remainder of the Clinton administration, analysts stopped distributing written reports about who was responsible.
He had a decade of writing his novel behind him and almost three more ahead of him.
His books, course you know they always say you should write, write about what you know.
The Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter wrote about this kind of turbulence in capitalist economies.
Writers such as Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg, as well as the poets that hung round Lawrence Ferlinghetti’s City Lights Bookstore, advocated a free and unstructured style of writing, exemplified by Jack Kerouac’s cult novel On the Road.
Did you know that about 20 percent of America's workers have low basic skills and 75 percent of unemployed adults have reading or writing difficulties?
uh telling them to write their spelling words a hundred times each and i just heard this comedian say that you know something that that's how you know you're a bad teacher
performed all of the studies described and wrote the draft of the manuscript.
The Sun , which claims 11 million readers, explained that Hashimoto had written the article to warm up the welcome for Emperor Akihito when he visits Britain in May.
Some people don't write for others, they write for themselves.
“La Vida de un Bato Loco,” written by an informant of Linda Katz and reproduced in her work, provides a good example of the literary uses of caló.
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga, Os Lusíadas, in what is now called the Camões Grotto, situated in the spacious tropical Camões Garden.
That a book was written about--
In 1959 she retired but continued to work giving lectures, writing, and acting as a consultant to the Peace Corps.
Dufu (formerly spelled Tufu) lived from 712 to 770 and wrote more than 1,400 poems, many of them regarded as the greatest in the Chinese canon.
And there you're, again, you're drawn to personalities in writing or even acting.
The printed history of the conquest of the New World depicts a violent and corrupt invasion, but there is a belief that the Black Legend has influenced the way this history has been written.
The settlers wrote their names in charcoal on the walls of the cavern and erected a stone altar for their services (unfortunately the entrance to the cave is now littered with rubbish left by modern travelers).
Not that I would appreciate everybody's science fiction, but, uh, there is a trilogy that I ha ve read, and, it's The Foundation Trilogy, and, uh, I'm trying to remember who wrote it.
Genaro Padilla refers to her writing as “folkloric autobiography,” a significant genre, since it is one of the few kinds of writing by Hispanos that depicts the life they either experienced or learned from their ancestors at the turn of the century.
A US purchase of the island from Spain had long been on the agenda, even though Martí had warned of becoming a satellite of the United States (“I know the Monster, because I have lived in its lair,” he wrote).
Um, her, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, um, having experienced pain in my childhood, her writing about her pain which, you know, I write about my pain privately in my journal, but writing it for someone else to read is a totally different story!
Computer programs can always be written in the form of a binary symbol string of 1 and 0 symbols.
Learning was considerably advanced by the Moors, and a medical treatise written by an Arab physician in Crevillente is recognized today as revolutionary for its time.
Actually, my sister wrote a story on it.
She wrote many articles for various New Mexican publications.
A count of the languages spoken all over India, leaving out the dialects, comes to 1,652, written in 13 different alphabets.
Remember I told you about the story my mother wrote and I can remember at the time and in some ways it's still true today.
He learned the Spanish language, apparently because of his ethnological interests, and wrote on the Tejano and Mexicano culture of the border region.
Victor Hugo, in exile in Guernsey, was writing Les Misérables, while Baudelaire was working on Les Fleurs du Mal, and Offenbach was composing jolly operettas, such as La Belle Hélène.
Um, her, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, um, having experienced pain in my childhood, her writing about her pain which, you know, I write about my pain privately in my journal, but writing it for someone else to read is a totally different story!
Adam Smith could write, in the same year as the Declaration of Independence, of the wonders of a free market, based on the voluntary cooperation of producers and consumers, and its invisible hand that would produce the maximum possible welfare for humankind.
In the ninth century he was demoted from a high imperial post to the job of governor of Hangzhou because he wrote poems satirizing the court.
Oh we had assignments where, um, we had to, um, write out the definition, actually write out, you know, using the word in a sentence.
After thirty years, I’ve written the canonical hundred or more scientific articles, was fortunate enough to receive a MacArthur Fellowship, during whose five years my IQ went up and then slumped back to normal as the funding ended, invented and patented this and that, and published two previous books of which I am proud, Origins of Order and At Home in the Universe, both by Oxford University Press.
At the same time that the Industrial Revolution was wreaking havoc, however, a small but influential group of writers and poets settled in the area and began to write about its natural beauties and its lifestyle.
I was already writing, but it was not every day or structured.
She was one of several New Mexican women, such as Cleofas M. Jaramillo and Nina Otero-Warren, who wrote of the culture and heritage of their Hispano ancestors.
Lord Byron stayed here in 1810 and is said to have written some of his work while enjoying the seclusion.
And if a story is not very well written, it just leaves me, disappointed.
Early in his career, after emigrating to the United States from South Africa, Greenberg was employed writing design standards for courthouses, which led to an unusual commission: the conversion of an empty supermarket into a courthouse.
The 17th-century Erotókritos, written by Vinzétzos Kornáros, is the most popular of these.
\\ So that might be something that I would write about.
“In Architecture, as in all other Operative Arts, the end must direct the Operation,” he wrote.
In a country boasting one of the world’s biggest paper industries, you’ll find here one last town, St-Joseph-de-la-Rive, where you can buy handmade paper, perfect for writing home with distinction.
And, uh, as I continued, I got more into actually making the music that people would, I guess, rap over and from there I hooked up with a few different people that were rappers, if you will, and, and, uh, kind of developed my own interests in actually writing words and that sort a thing.
Several New Mexican women who descended from the early Spanish settlers of the region wrote personal life histories that incorporated the traditional way of life of the Hispano community of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Under his rule, commerce and the arts flourished: Attica’s wine and olive oil were shipped to Italy, Egypt, and Asia Minor in beautiful black-figure pots; the first tragedies ever written were performed at the annual festival of the wine god, Dionysus; and the standard version of Homer’s works was set down.
No one else been there no one else had ever experienced or written about what they'd seen and brought it back.
Alfred Chandler writes,
Although bereft of up-to-date display cases and featuring explanations written in Chinese only, this museum provides the most exhaustive overview of Chinese civilization — illustrated with national treasures — of any gallery in China.
And uh, but one of the cool things that happened was uh, that morning in the paper in the write up columns with police reports and they had a little column, had what we had did that night, and it said they were looking for suspects, but uh, said, but they never followed through on that, the guy never pressed charges or anything like that so uh, we got off easy on that.
The Gettysburg Address, as written, apparently did not contain the reference to “this nation, under God.”
Their origins remain a my­s­tery (their written language was finally deciphered in 1915), but they came from the direction of the Caucasus moun­tains, spreading destruction and disorder throughout Anatolia.
I would have to have a positive reason for writing about it because, you know, at this point, I don't have a happy ending to the story!
At various times he wrote pamphlets for the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
According to legend, a scholar tried to write a poem worthy of the cave’s beauty, but before he could find adequate words he had turned to stone.
Uh, I remember, actually, I remember reading a book, it was on the best seller list at the time, it was uh, it was probably written in the late seventies and it was called The Third World War and it was, it was uh, it was written as if it were factual but it was uh um, sort of a fictionalized account of what of a, of a potential third world war and I remember the funny thing, I remember was I read this book like after it was probably `77 or `78 and the war took place, according to this book in like `85 or '86.
Marc Simmons writes about a legend of La Mano Negra from the town of Bernalillo, New Mexico.
But with the wealth of writing talent that has graced the city, books by Burns, Scott, and Stevenson (along with poetry by Ramsey) make very suitable souvenirs of your trip.
And I guess even in writing, um, , there's so many unhappy people in the world and it seems like, you know, when they read something and can relate to it then they get some kind of release or relief in their emotions by identifying with it and that could be why there seems to be such a demand for that sort of thing.
Genaro Padilla refers to her writing as “folkloric autobiography,” a significant genre, since it is one of the few kinds of writing by Hispanos that depicts the life they either experienced or learned from their ancestors at the turn of the century.
The land west of Ontario was written off as one big empty wilderness until Alexander Mackenzie completed the first transcontinental crossing, and Simon Fraser and David Thompson mapped out the rivers and mountains of British Columbia and the Rockies.
I mean I have things now that I can go back to, uh, poems that I wrote in high school, but I was writing before that, I just, you know how things just disappear?
New variables = the genetic code, recombination, Gertrude’s wings, writing, the tractor = persistently emerge.
Around this time the Sumerian civilization living in Mesopotamia (the region between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers in present-day Iraq) founded and developed the cuneiform script, the world’s oldest form of writing on record.
And, um, you know, I, I, I wrote a long poem, actually, a twenty page poem about this, and I, you know, I, my question to, you know, to her, would be, you know, "Were you happier when you, when you actually left the convent and you came into a world that was just, you know uh, striving after money, and social status, and all of those things, I mean, was that, was that really a better choice, you know, was that really, um, you know, did you, did you feel more alive, making that choice, and actually dying, under those conditions?"
Justice Holmes had the same point in mind when he wrote, apodictically, “The Fourteenth Amendment does not enact Mr. Herbert Spencer’s Social Statics.”
Featuring a host of original music sung by the main star (at writing, Tommy Tune) and dozens of other singing and dancing talents, EFX is a special-effects laden science-fiction tale suitable for all ages.
Have you ever, because, uh, of your race, have you ever thought about writing about, um, you know, the Blacks and culture and, and, maybe, have you ever had any interest, also, in any Black writers?
This way of life has been memorialized in the work of Arnold Rojas, who was a vaquero and has written about his life in California in the twentieth century.
Frank Sinatra, Wayne Newton, and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written.
She is a beloved female archetype among contemporary Chicanas, who write poems, short stories, and academic research articles about her.
Ernest Hemingway spent a lot of time fishing and writing here — photographs of this prominent visitor still adorn the walls of the Compleat Angler Hotel, where he wrote To Have and Have Not.
The teacher in high school that started you with your journal, did she also, um, did she also activate in you a desire for any reading or other types of writing, or did another teacher?
Nevertheless, they all wrote of the loss of land and loss of culture, and sought to preserve the folklore, customs, and stories of their grandparents, close friends, and those who worked for them.
The whole Yucatán peninsula witnessed the flowering of classic Mayan civilization and a society of great sophistication; with its magnificent pyramids, temples, and palaces decorated with wall paintings and carved low-reliefs, a written language of hieroglyphics, and complicated medical procedures to heal the injured or the sick.
No, um, actually that teacher did encourage me to write.
For a small fee, people could hire a composer to write a calavera for them and draw a skeleton to go with it.
Jules Verne is said to have been inspired by a visit here to write Journey to the Center of the Earth.
So, before she even had the opportunity to meet my mom she had already decided that she was this, this evil heathen creature that was going to corrupt her beautiful boy um and even wrote her a nasty letter to that effect.
In the first two articles I wrote on the subject of random Boolean nets, as long ago as and , I plotted cell cycle lengths from organisms as diverse as bacteria, yeast, worms, plants, and simple and complex animals.
Portugal’s prosperous second city, Porto (also written Oporto in English, meaning “the Port”), hugs a gorge at the mouth of the Douro river.
Not really original, no, it was, uh, poems by well-known authors that you'd find in a book, but she had to memorize a lot of them, and she, but she read us children's poems, too, out of books, books that were written for children.
This was reported in a Los Angeles Times article in 1992 written by Christopher Heredia.
“ Albert is so amused,” wrote Queen Victoria, “at my having got the island of Hong Kong. ”
It's also very interesting easy to follow for that type of writing.
There is much written evidence of her appearances in Texas, where she was referred to as “The Mysterious Woman in Blue.”
Lanai’s upcountry, very upscale resort is appointed like an Old English estate, with writing desks, four-poster beds, library, music room.
And, um, my life experiences are often what end up in my writing.
He had a written text with him that amounted to about 268 words.
Access is available only on written request or invitation by a deputy.
Actually, what I did was I imagined that this was, that I was a news reporter writing for the New York Times or whatever--
Marcus Stewart wrote a long epic poem in 1882 titled Rosita, A California Tale, in which he speculates on the life of Murrieta.
It has seen such illustrious guests as Winston Churchill and Agatha Christie, who wrote her thriller Death on the Nile while staying here.
Um, my mom had always warned us to be very careful about what we put on paper, so the really innermost things of my heart I didn't write, um, until I got much older.
Vasconcelos wrote his slim volume in his search for a Mexican identity for himself and for Mexico’s population.
The room contains original artifacts from Hemingway’s many years in Cuba, including the typewriter he used to write most of For Whom the Bell Tolls (those not staying in the hotel can visit the room for US$2).
Um, in your high school years, you're going back to that time period and your librarian was one that you said who encouraged you and you had some challenges between each other in writing poetry--
The title of one of Rudolfo Anaya’s novels is Heart of Aztlán, published in 1979; Miguel Mendez wrote Pilgrims in Aztlán first in Spanish in 1974, later translated to English in 1992; and Alurista has a poetry collection titled Floricanto en Aztlán, published in 1971.
The new emperor called himself Jahangir (World Seizer) but once in power he left affairs of state to his wife Nur Jahan, as he was more interested in writing poetry, drinking a great deal of wine, and taking summer excursions up to Kashmir.
I like writing stories and poems and I write them for school a lot and I'm part of a magazine to write stories and poems and we draw too, to put stories that students write in the magazine for school.
Several corridos (ballads) have been written about her, and she is a powerful symbol for Mexican and Chicana women, representing bravery, self-discipline, and romantic love.
Ernest Hemingway spent a lot of time fishing and writing here — photographs of this prominent visitor still adorn the walls of the Compleat Angler Hotel, where he wrote To Have and Have Not.
And with your ability to do that, I think that that carries over into your writing.
There are no overall written accounts or collections of the oral traditions and folklore of the early Californios as we have of the Hispanos of New Mexico.
A 13th-century poet wrote that the most beautiful scenery of China is found in Sichuan, and, indeed, some of the best of that scenery is concentrated in Leshan.
Some people don't write for others, they write for themselves.
Raúl Salinas, in his poem “A Trip through the Mind Jail,” writes about his barrio, and all barrios, while he serves time in prison.
His daughter Anne wrote a diary during their time in the attic, which became an international bestseller after the war.
But he, the way that he wrote the characters and um, uh, captured the different personality types was, has intrigued me even to this day, and I can really appreciate, um, how he did that.
Another good example of the life of a bato loco is “La Vida de un Bato Loco,” a short memoir written by an informant of Linda Katz, reproduced in her thesis on the pachuco language and culture written for a master’s degree at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Mesopotamian script was also copied, but it developed into the first Egyptian written language.
The southwestern region with the most researched and documented wedding customs is New Mexico, because the descendents of the early Hispanos have been conscious of describing and writing down their traditions.
This is where Noel Coward holed up to write Private Lives and where Steven Spielberg filmed scenes for Empire of the Sun.
\\You wrote your name in it.
Cuneiform writing began.
The regent Kaahumanu, ruling in the name of her young charge, Kamehameha III, seized the opportunity and followed many of the strictures favored by the Calvinist Congregationalists, who were modernizing the country through the establishment of schools and the printing of books in the Hawaiian language (which they formulated in a written form for the first time).
But, especially through the war years, he would write her and talk about, you know, his arm and she knew exactly what it was.
It has some program, typically written as a sequence of binary numbers, and , and the program operates on the input data, also a string of binary symbols, and churns out an answer.
And just basically assimilated it into writing.
In 1944 he joined the army, wrote for the military newspaper Stars and Stripes, and worked in Japan for a couple of years.
It stocks expensive lighting and funky furniture, as well as watches, kitchen utensils, and writing instruments.
Wittgenstein wrote persuasively that the same systematic diYculty was lodged in attempts to reduce one language game to another, for example, from a description of a legal event to a description in terms of mere human actions to a description in terms of physical events.
It was on one of its highest peaks, Mount Sinai (Gebel Musa), that Moses received the word of God written down as the Ten Commandments.
I'd been writing "Tammy Watkins."
Jose Limón has written about a version found in Texas.
The bulk of the collection was brought together by Theo Van Gogh, who also kept over 800 letters written by his brother, which, when read in conjunction with viewing the paintings, bring life and context to the works themselves.
Because what you read about might spark something that becomes an interest to you, and then you carry it over into your writing.
For example, I am currently writing Investigations as part of my own hopefully not-too-solipsistic eVorts to make my own living as a scientist.
North America’s first known full-length drama was written by the colony’s lawyer, Marc Lescarbot.
When I called, I had it written down in my damn little thing.
Arnold Rojas, a Californian vaquero, writer, and memoirist, writes that Joaquín Murrieta was from the city of Alamos, Sonora, Mexico, where church records show that he and Rosita were married.
Of the 13th-century capital, Marco Polo wrote that “the whole interior of the city is laid out in squares like a chessboard with such masterly precision that no description can do justice to it” — a pattern Beijing retains to this day.
Umm, high school was when I would write it down and keep it!
José Alfredo Jimenez wrote over 500 songs, many becoming classics that continue to be sung today by younger artists, that have a universal sentiment that speaks to the hearts of Chicanos.
Although he fled to the somewhat more civilized Paris after a few months, he loved to describe the beauty of the islands in his writing.
You know, there is so much that you can write about that's good and wholesome and intriguing without going into the areas that are unprofitable that, um, and I don't, I haven't read The Foundation again in, like, probably the last five years, but, um, periodically I'll feel like, "I've got to visit this book again!"
Campa wrote nine books, nine bulletins, and forty-nine articles, mostly about folklore, but also on the Spanish language.
The park also contains Erquan Spring, source of the some of the world’s best water for tea brewing, according to the Classic of Tea (Chajing), written by the scholar Luyu.
I also had another young son of one of Mother's and Dad's friends that wrote gorgeous letters and beautiful letters, and was in a lot of the fighting in the Pacific.
A social historical study of the vaquero life on the King and Kennedy ranches, from the early nineteenth century to the present, has been written by Monday and Colley.
Aristotle, one of the world’s greatest philosophers, held forth at his own school of the Lyceum; Menander wrote comic plays; Praxiteles sculpted scores of superb statues, including that of Hermes, one of the greatest Greek sculptures, now in the museum at Olympia.
Umm, I know I have written it down, but I am trying to think, where is my book?
The prototype of the rascuache character was Pito Perez, the protagonist of the novel La Vida Inútil de Perez (The Futile Life of Pito Perez) by Jose Ruben Romero, first published in 1938 and reprinted many times, most recently in 1993; and also Don Chipote of Las Aventuras de Don Chipote written by Daniel Venegas in 1928, a journalist who lived in Los Angeles.
The end was hastened by a man who made other Muslim invaders seem like pussy cats: the Mongol Timur the Lame, the “barbarous and bloody Tamburlaine,” later written about by Elizabethan playwright Christopher Marlowe.
What sparked you to write that one?
Of his Presbyterian Hospital in downtown Manhattan, the architectural critic Montgomery Schuyler wrote: “The building is of Gothic design with very red brick, and very irregular stone dressings, which, it must be confessed regretfully, are not pleasing to the eye.”
Beyond the village of Yangdi unfolds the uncanny scenery that prompted a Chinese poet more than a thousand years ago to write: “The river is a green silk belt, the mountains emerald hairpins.”
His books, course you know they always say you should write, write about what you know.
“Fashion is also a search for a new language to discredit the old,” writes Fernand Braudel, “a way in which each generation can repudiate its immediate predecessor and distinguish itself from it.”
When Hideyoshi built his main castle in the center of Osaka after unifying the country in 1583, the city’s prosperity seemed written in stone.
Did you write this?
One published dictionary of caló, by Jay Rosensweig, presents caló in a rather harsh manner, referring to it as gutter Spanish, which prompted a reader to take the privilege of writing a comment on the title page of the book.
Here, if in any one place, modern art was born: Picasso, Braque, and Juan Gris developed Cubism; Modigliani painted in a style all his own; and Apollinaire wrote his first surrealistic verses.
That was, he just wrote beautiful letters and he was only about six years older than I was, maybe five years, so I corresponded with him and wrote him very faithfully a couple of times a week and I wish I had kept his letters because they were so graphic descriptions.
Niggli was 25 years old when the play was written.
The Museum of the Ancient Orient (Eski »ark Eserleri Müzesi) displays objects from ancient Near and Middle Eastern civilizations, including Babylonian ceramic panels from the time of King Nebuchadnezzar (605– 562 b.c. ), Hittite stone lions, and clay tablets bearing the earliest known examples of writing (2700 b.c. ), and the oldest recorded set of laws, the Code of Hammurabi (1750 b.c. ).
So it's, it's written, as opposed to oral?
Bourke observed, chronicled, and wrote both as a journalist and anthropologist about the folk medicine practices and the folk foodways of the Rio Grande region.
And Taylor thinks: If I really believe what I've been writing, don't I have a patriotic duty to do whatever I can to prevent this tragedy?
you know subtract what what what i have in you know in the in my account and what i've i've written checks for that haven't been cleared or whatever so i keep up with it that way too
In composing this narrative, we have tried to remember that we write with the benefit and the handicap of hindsight.
If you could imagine and, and let me say this, some of the letters that I have, that I love the most, that are dearest to me are some of the letters that, that she wrote him.
And third, as he wrote his study in the 1920s, he found many Spaniards who had recently immigrated to California from Andalucía in Spain and who represented a Spain from a different era, and not that of the Spanish Californios.
and the other the previous ones were murder um the he wrote also Black Sunday which was a about the uh bombing in the in the Superdome oh it was oh and they made a movie out of that
RTS with the assistance of all the co-authors developed the digital drusen measurement method and wrote the paper.
That was, he just wrote beautiful letters and he was only about six years older than I was, maybe five years, so I corresponded with him and wrote him very faithfully a couple of times a week and I wish I had kept his letters because they were so graphic descriptions.
Think of the paintings they could have avoided painting, the books they could have not written, the time they could have saved not layering paint (or, in the case of Ofili, paint, magazine pages, and elephant dung) or doing research!
well i sort of i mean in my mind i do i don't write anything down or anything like that
CW and DB developed and implemented the process as well as wrote the manuscript.
I was on the, um, the staff of the school newspaper; wrote a column for them.
The transitions among the M action states of each cell can be written in a matrix showing the transition probabilities between any pair of the M states.
If dabbling in Holocaust denial doesn't convict Buchanan of anti-Semitism on its own, it makes a powerful case in combination with the many things he has said and written pointing to Jews as a surreptitious, sinister force in American life.
of memos supposedly written by Howard Hughes uh that was uh
Mr. Chairman, this concludes my written testimony.
I lay my head down on the desk and cried because I had to learn how to write a long name and everyone else's was short.
“To be truly modern,” he writes, “means finding the dynamic balance between eternal human values and the specific demands of the present.
A traffic engineer will write in, noting that the signs cannot, in fact, be placed any higher due to some ordinance, which any moron would know about.
yeah really i well i hadn't thought about it i can see i i think if they asked me for a work number i'd just write down my home number you know because that's where you work
And I'm still writing to him up here, but I met George Watkins and I really don't know how to pick men.
Nasario Garcia has published several collections depicting the way of life of the elders of the Rio Puerco Valley, and Rudolfo Anaya has written several children’s books that bring forth the folklore of the region.
Scott marvels at Amis' ability to write stories that "seem to have been written on a dare, or as entries in a contest to see who could get the best results from the worst ideas" (the New York Times Book Review ). But some are unimpressed with these tossed-off tales.
Sarah: In your final post yesterday you asked: "Can it really be that difficult to write a song called 'Kyle's Mom Is a Bitch?
The Murrieta legend has also been written by Latinos and Europeans, and Pablo Neruda, the Nobel Prize winner, wrote an opera about Murrieta entitled Splendor and Death of Joaquín Murrieta, insisting that Joaquín was actually Chileno and not Mexican.
"Everything seems more and more the same, wherever you are," wrote architecture critic Paul Goldberger in a New York Times Magazine article last year.
In addition, he writes, “Because sales were made on the store’s premises rather than through traveling salesmen, buyers had an even larger role than they did in the wholesale houses.
He then forwarded this article written by the at-sea Coast Guard commander.
Cemetery and graveyard decorating traditions have been researched and written about as a means of appreciating and understanding Mexican folk beliefs about death and grieving.
There are some neat things here, starting with the novella Q.E.D. , which Stein wrote when she was 29.
The film Zoot Suit, written and directed by Luis Valdez in 1981, depicts the dress, language, and problems of Mexican American youth and especially pachucos in Los Angeles in the 1940s.
Writing Monday in the National Post of Canada, David Frum said that the demonstrations were symptoms of an "ever-worsening global problem-shortage."
In more recent times the individual who writes on walls has been called a tagger, and the art of writing is tagging.
And, true to my old profession, as I write this I'm crashing to meet the deadline I was assigned by editor Michael Kinsley.
Mary Helen Ponce writes in Hoyt Street about the barrio where she grew up in Pacoima, California, during the 1940s and 1950s.
Unfamiliar reporters prowled with clipboards and camera equipment, wrote volunteer Sally Belfrage, who noted that "for Negroes there hardly seemed to be anyone who wasn't rushing around looking for King, cooking for King, talking of King as if they couldn't find him, and thinking of him as if there was no one to talk to."
“People have always worn what they wanted to wear,” writes Anne Hollander, “fashion exists to keep fulfilling that desire.”
One friend with a truly amazing gift for getting out of things he did not want to do wrote to describe his own experience of fatherhood.
Luis Valdez wrote and directed a play about Vásquez titled Bandido!
To this one might add the single paragraph I devote to the origin of the Washington Holocaust Museum, which, as you wrote in your Holocaust Memorials in History , was "proposed by then-president Jimmy Carter to placate Jewish supporters angered by his sale of F-15 fighter planes to Saudi Arabia."
Literary style described the way that something was written, expressed, or performed.
In the new edition of the book Wilson put this little note following the Shaw preface: “I am gratefully indebted to Mr. Bernard Shaw for the interest he has taken in the book and especially for his most generous action in taking the time from his crowded life to write so magnanimous and stimulating a Preface to it, without which this present cheap edition would not have been published.”
John Bourke writes about an ancient custom in Mexico still used in the late nineteenth century: a merchant kept a tin cylinder for each customer, and after each purchase he’d drop a bean into it.
Noting that Communist Party leader Armando Cossutta was seeking a meeting with Milosevic and that another coalition party was calling on the government to distance itself from NATO "while Italy is at war and its airmen running the risk of being shot down," Sergio Romano wrote in a front-page comment, "I have tried to find a precedent that would allow me to justify these initiatives and the prime minister's silence, but I cannot find one."
From Figure .c, after simplifying Boolean expressions as we just did for gene C, we can write down the “wiring diagram” of inputs among the three genes.
Mincing words even less, Pat Buchanan wrote in his syndicated column that congressional Dixiecrats did a far better job of running Washington in the 1950s.
There has been a lot of sociological literature written about the formation of gangs in prisons as a means of surviving incarceration in the United States.
If Bush wrote any of this, it must have been as part of his application to Andover.
This is a reminder that by 1798, when Northanger Abbey was written, the Gothic fashion had embraced architecture.
I have written to him a couple of times over the last few years and have received no response.
Thomas Jefferson Farnham, a New England attorney, wrote in the 1840s, “In a word, the Californians are an imbecile, pusillanimous, race of men, and unfit to control the destinies of that beautiful country” (Weber, 295).
"There is a fundamental contradiction in American foreign policy," he wrote.
Although Bourke was first and foremost a military man, he became interested in ethnology and anthropology and wrote extensively on these subjects.
And the LAT op-ed page runs the piece he wrote right afterwards to mend the fences with the fans, in which he advances the same "if movie stars can get it, why can't I" arguments you hear today.
Although written references to its use in this way have not been found, there are references to the French eating small loaves of white bread in corridos.
Also in Corriere , columnist Ennio Caretto wrote: "The facts have proved that, among many wrong personal choices made by Clinton, Hillary was the right one.
The “evil to be remedied by this [equal protection] clause,” the Court writes, was “the existence of laws in the States where the newly emancipated Negroes resided, which discriminated with gross injustice and hardship against them as a class.”
Today's mobsters, too, are fluent in psychobabble and in the language of self-improvement, and Chase, of course, captures this beautifully (I will disagree with you on one thing at the outset: the writing on The Sopranos is better than the acting, not that there's anything really wrong with the acting.)
I do not write “Negro” or “colored,” as people were wont to do not long ago.
And in 1995, the woman wrote a very personal letter (the Times calls it an "ideological come-on") to a Communist in the post-apartheid South African government indicating her availability to continue the old struggle.
Many are very old and the authors unknown, although a few collected in southern Colorado were written by a local singer in the 1940s.
It's better to write about real life, that's more important than writing something fanciful.
As shown in later chapters, manufacturers that invest in advanced information technologies and use them to change their methods of planning and production can significantly reduce the amount of inventory they hold, thereby reducing the need to mark down or write off unsold products at the end of a season.
For the 40 volume Schomburg Library of Nineteenth-Century Black Women Writers he edited, he appointed others to put together the books and write their introductions.
Octavio Paz writes of La Malinche as the “violated woman,” La Chingada, and his writings have influenced several generations of Mexicanos and Chicanos in seeing the Mexican people as “hijos de la chingada,” that is, “sons of a conquest by rape.”
Another good example of the life of a bato loco is “La Vida de un Bato Loco,” a short memoir written by an informant of Linda Katz, reproduced in her thesis on the pachuco language and culture written for a master’s degree at the University of California, Los Angeles.
What kind of person would write a question about race and then get all shirty on people who were just trying to have a little fun?
He writes of La Llorona and Joaquín Murrieta, and of Tiburcio Vásquez, who once gave food to his grandmother and mother when they were fleeing from the gringos in Los Angeles.
This bill was lost in the legislative shuffle, however, and, as of this writing (October 25, 1988), has yet to be passed in spite of having been reintroduced in 1987 and 1988.
Charles E. B. Howe wrote a play about Joaquín in 1859 that covers his escapades from the spring of 1851 to July 24, 1853, the day he was captured and killed by Captain Harry Love.
Since these cues are so rudimentary, ambiguity pervades written sentences--sentences in isolation, that is--and the transition to a spoken version can therefore be a hazardous procedure.
Malinche has played an enormous role in the literary production of Chicana writing, in essays and short stories, but especially in poetry.
I can at least partly save the movie from being wrecked by Herzog's bungling," writes Kinski.
For example, Durand and Massey have compiled and written about the many retablos to the Virgen de San Juan de los Lagos in Mexico.
An anti-terrorism task force had been put on the case, but a note written by the gunman seems to confirm police suspicions that he was deranged and acted alone.
She went on to write Mexican Village, a novel that incorporated many of the Mexican people’s folk customs and traditions.
Dickens was decent in the way he wrote about people, and he recommended decency as a universal salve.
Thomas Sheridan has written a social history of the Mexican people of Tucson from 1854 to 1941, thoughtfully showing the social and cultural changes that occurred to the Tucsonenses after the coming of the Anglo Americans.
In the "Dialogue" on Gay Marriage, David Frum writes that "[c]hildren raised without both biological parents are between two and three times as likely as other children to commit crimes, to drop out of school, to get pregnant in their teens, to be unemployed as young adults."
I do not write with even modest expertise on the subject.
He works himself into a fake froth; does some calculated, halfhearted gonzo writing; then collects a fat check.
The Illegal, written and directed by Robert Young in 1979, deals with the issue of undocumented immigration by portraying the experiences of one man’s journey into the United States and back to Mexico.
Hatfield writes that he contacted these sources after reading a story in Salon in August reporting on an e-mail rumor.
John Rollin Ridge, a Cherokee also known as Yellow Bird, wrote his story one year after the death of Murrieta.
I recommend it for those (as the book's cover observes): “—who want to speak more effectively, write more colorfully or be better prepared for the SAT” (the verbal portion of the Scholastic Aptitude Test, a widely used instrument for university admission).
Rabbi Jeremiah explained the reference: Ever since the Torah was given at Mount Sinai, “we pay no attention to heavenly voices, for God already wrote in the Torah at Mount Sinai.”
Then, as the sordidness and opportunism of the candidate and his wife become apparent, the writing turns somber and dirgelike and full of easy moralizing.
Deborah Lipstadt, in her book Denying the Holocaust, wrote that we should not publicly debate unacceptable as well as obviously false claims, and thus she advanced a remedy as powerful as governmental censorship.
In arty circles, he's famous as the highbrow exhibitionist who wrote and starred in My Dinner With Andre , but there's more to Shawn than grandiose nerd angst.
The economy of Homo habilis and Homo erectus, the stunning flaked flint tools of the Magdalinian culture of the magnificent Cro-Magnon in southern France , years ago when the large beasts had retreated southward from the glaciation, the invention and spread of writing in Mesopotamia, the Greek agora, and today’s global economy are all in the deepest sense merely the carrying on of the more diversified forms of trade that had their origins with the first autonomous agents and their communities over four billion years ago.
(I think that I wrote you about the conversation among, Fukuyama, Adam Wolfe, Norman Podhoretz, and others.)
Since each state has a unique successor state, we can write a table of all the states and for each, its unique successor.
The most serious result of the proliferation of this comparatively restricted vocabulary is the impoverishment of writing.
He served with General George Crook from 1871 to 1886, and in 1891 wrote a well-received book titled On the Border with Crook.
The Museum of American Folk Art did sponsor a reading of passages from the written version of Vivian Girls . Still, it's a pity there's none of Darger's writing in the exhibition itself, because it's marvelous, strange stuff, quite as startling as the paintings--in dizzying magnitude as well as vividness, since in the written version, Darger's gory battle scenes extend for hundreds of pages.
Female Chicana prisoners also undergo the pinta experience, and one scholar, Letticia Galindo, has written about the specialized language use and street experiences of pachucas, cholas, gang members, and female prison inmates.
I wrote to Jimmy Carter in August 1980, asking this question.
Yet, Harlan’s opinion is studded with references that replicate the usage that we heard in the Gettysburg Address and then found in selected poetry and philosophy written at the time.
The clip cleverly gives the impression that Morales is actually saying what's written on screen and sourced to a local paper: that he opposes longer sentences as a deterrent against crime.
Form of written consent, 42 C.F.R.
it she doesn't she doesn't ever go back and sit in it or write on it or anything i think she just did it for decoration
It turns out, as Mayer wrote in The New Yorker this week, that her source on the robbery incident was Tripp's former stepmother--who has since agreed to go on the record.
Written informed consent is obtained for every study subject.
maybe a third i still hand wrote because it would be like in the school parking lot or
Renoir went so far as to write a manifesto in 1884 for a society of "Irregularists"--to include such sworn enemies of mechanical perfection as "painters, decorators, architects, goldsmiths, embroiderers, etc."--but he couldn't muster enough fellow members.
“By that time,” write Courchesne et al.
they were suggesting that this Ben was something of a recluse that he had stopped writing and had stopped you know and that is true for Ellison he he wrote that one book and a few essays and that is about it
Later, regarding the Healtheon IPO, Lewis writes, "In this new world skepticism was not a sign of intelligence.
The results of these repeated Bernoulli trials can be written as two vectors, 
throw the paper away or but you can always write to uh
This dictionary lists alternatives for many of these expressions, not so that they can be removed from the language, but so that you can attempt to balance your writing and speaking with both female and male images or use alternatives when gender-fairness is not possible.
Auditors should use their professional judgment to determine the form, content, and frequency of the communication, although written communication is preferred, and should document the communication.
uh one book that she wrote that's good for both men and women is Fine Things
Here are some of things my students find: You look at writing differently if you have to prepare the surface.
A few weeks later, Cressey wrote Hadley that while the law enforcement investigation went on,"we know all we need to about who did the attack to make a policy decision."
of composition writing in addition to all his electronic training and at that point he has now graduated from warfare electronics school with honors
As Lewis Carroll wrote, Won't you join the dance?
OMB's 1996 update to Circular A-130, Appendix III, provides similar guidance, specifying that a management official should authorize in writing the use of each system before beginning or significantly changing use of the system. "
so we're never we pay off our bills in full we're not paying any interest but it's not a big surprise if we get a large bill because we have it all written out already
This is by way of pointing out that Mormon was the name of the major editor of the book, and it was named after him, although he did not write the whole book.
Sixteen (16) conference papers were written by legal services leaders across the country on topics that enhanced and enlightened the conference discussions.
and uh i hadn't worked with her on writing at all at that point she was four
Clinton reportedly wants 1) to testify at the White House, not at the courthouse; 2) to limit the scope of the questions; 3) to see the questions in advance; 4) to answer in writing rather than orally; 5) to have his lawyer present.
A letter recovered from a safehouse in Pakistan, apparently written by Sayf al Adl, also suggests that Jdey was initially part of the 9/11 operation at the same time as the Hamburg group.
and also Discover card gives you a little bit of money back it's not much but you know five or six bucks uh instead of writing a check for a large purchase if i'm disciplined enough i can
Writing in Clipper Magazine , the Pan-Am house organ, Barbara Gibbons recounts her experience in drinking slivovitz during a recent trip to Yugoslavia: “A fiery plum brandy, its alcohol content ranges from 25 per cent ( mekana, soft) to 55 per cent ( ljuta , hot).
As with any area of operations, written policies are the primary mechanism by which management communicates its views and requirements to its employees, clients, and business partners.
it's an organization where we are looking to translate the Bible into languages of the world that aren't yet written
On the principle that we will want our next president to be everything this one is not, she writes, "After President McMurphy, we will want Nurse Ratched."
Instead of writing this book--and book-writing is surely a job for sissies--he should have gone out and beat someone up or sold drugs.
