The people farmed and fished; on the dawning of the Bronze Age in 2700 b.c. , they began to work with metals.
Massive tidal waves swept over Crete, and other parts of the Mediterranean, smashing buildings and drowning many thousands of people.
In return, the Turks violently put down every insurrection, including the massacre on Chios, when 22,000 people were slaughtered.
The Ottoman Empire was weakening, however, and in 1821, the peoples of the Greek mainland achieved nationhood for the first time.
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean, thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations.
He promised a modern state for his people, but as the situation became volatile, civil strife broke out in Turkish cities, and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence.
Thousands of people arrived with little more than the clothes they wore, putting great strain on the resources of the islands.
To help you see how much your contribution means, I'm sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill's mission.
Because people want to work.
A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities, but to be honest, most of the people who aren't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles.
Last year, Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their self-sufficiency.
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs.
She tells me that the 3,666 people we helped find jobs in 1998 earned approximately $49 million dollars.
After Maureen's job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant, we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society.
Goodwill prepares people for life-long employment.
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep jobs.
These people and their successes are real.
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste.
We've found ways for people with disabilities to enter the workforce.
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives.
At Goodwill, Michael's counselors felt that his personable demeanor could be a major attribute and identified for him a possible job-match where his people skills could shine.
With support from people like you, they can overcome their barriers and earn success and the self-sufficiency that comes with it.
Some of the strongest critics of our welfare system are the people who have become dependent on it.
Last year, Goodwill placed 511 people in jobs, more than double the number we placed in 1993.
We need your support to continue getting people off of public assistance.
Of the more than 42,000 people Goodwill served in 1999, over 5,000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job.
Your generosity will help people help themselves.
Real people!
For this event, when you purchase a corporate picnic table, you will be able to bring 16 people.
Where else would that many people turn if CCI weren't there to help?
More than 34,000 people benefited from our services in 1997, and the final count for 1998 could be even higher.
A short time later, the Community Youth Mapping Project sent 55 young people out into the community to identify the resources they need to grow up well: caring adults, safe places to go, and positive things to do.
Recently, through a lot of hard work and alliances with organizations like yours, some steps have been taken in our community that will help young people continue to be involved in positive activities.
Annually, we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis.
McCoy is actively represented and working with numerous community collaborations where we regularly raise our voice to speak out for the inclusion of young people in both decision-making and program planning processes.
McCoy has only one interest: the well being of Marion County's young people.
We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people can grow and develop well.
We often hear about economic poverty, but what some of these young people are growing up with is emotional poverty-they have often given up on hope and the possibility of a successful future.
In 1998, Big Sisters served 972 young people through its many programs.
You are an important part in making sure these young people are matched with caring adult mentors.
Will you make a financial gift to Big Sisters in 1999 that will ensure that more young people receive the guidance they need, that more young people stay in school, stay off drugs and make good choices?
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company--whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney--is in charge of all our destinies: Babylon was.
The NYT abortion survey, the first conducted by the paper since 1989, was based on telephone interviews of 1,101 people and detects "a notable shift from general acceptance" of having the procedure: from 40 percent to 32 percent.
The placement of these two pieces is a PR triumph, but one carrying the seeds of its own destruction: If people know all this work is going into making Paula Jones seem a certain someone, doesn't that just make it obvious that she's really somebody else?
The immediate objective was to find a safe location-not too far away-where the President could land and speak to the American people.
Finally, the plan detailed a public U.S. stance: America would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat, punish those responsible for the 9/11 attacks, hold states and other actors responsible for providing sanctuary to terrorists, work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks, and avoid malice toward any people, religion, or culture.
The people of the once-glorious city were forced into an exile known as “the Babylonian Captivity. ”
At the same time, however, the famous maxim could also be understood as referring to “men” as collective entities: “all peoples have equal status.”
“Thou shalt not murder” is a rule that we can expect people to follow, but “Thou shalt not kill” hardly lends itself to the same strict enforcement.
There may be debate about which groups of people constitute nations entitled to self-determination and representation in the international community, but the principle seems to be accepted by all.
It is clear that the popular culture still harbors many biases about some people being intrinsically better, entitled to greater privileges, than others.
Faith in God and the higher law of revelation enables some people to confront the injustice they see around them; it enables others to retreat and to find solace in their personal quest for salvation.
This is the basis for the American people’s claiming that no government may rule them without their consent.
He thought of Americans as God’s “almost chosen people,” successors to the Jews in a relationship with the Divine that could be described as “almost a covenant.”
Yet, the content of his argument reverts back to the language of rights, inalienable rights, rights retained by the people.
And the big group of people would go stand on the stairs and there would be probably 30 or 40 kids in the picture.
And they'd take the picture and then you would go back the next Saturday after they had been developed and they would have circled 3 or 4 people in the picture and the people whose head was circled would get the prizes.
Which is kind of sad that you can't do that anymore and it's not just because things are, there're bad people in the world but it's too much traffic.
Um, did he tell stories to big groups of people, or just one-on-one?
one of these people that believes that we should not be able to buy guns but i don't think we should be carrying Uzis either you know what i mean yeah i know i mean i don't think machine guns automatic weapons i don't believe in things like that but i think
it really is uh the only problem i have with gun control is that they the radicals wanna ban all kinds of weapons and then the only people carrying guns are gonna be be the people who are gonna kill you anyway
no i yeah i i i i i agree that it would be like people in
people that are uh criminals are the ones that are gonna get them and then you have no defense against these people when they do come into your house or something
God gun control it's it's such a heated topic in the the and people get so emotional about it
they think it's ridiculous to have any kind of gun control but then of course they're hunters they know what they're doing they don't realize there're a bunch of crazy people out there that
i put a stop to some of them as far as the door-to-door either religious groups or people
uh but they still come up to the front door and uh you know walk around so usually what i do is i'll call the apartment manager and tell him hey there's people coming around you know and they're trying to sell something or or they're from a religious organization
but you know i don't think that that would stop people i mean it's like they they see that word and it says uh go
you talked about the telephone calls people coming and soliciting selling things at the door you said something else
it is for me other people don't seem to have the same problem
i guess the commercials are getting to me the Toyota commercials and i know that a lot of people i've i've known that have had Toyotas have been just extremely happy with them that hardly had any problems at all
And what I mean by that, with regard to all of you in this room is that we've got approximately people from the media that are observing this trial in the courtroom, plus outside of the courtroom.
So this is just supplemental income to them because they're not very wealthy people.
Let's get back on the record here, because we've got people waiting and I want to get going.
It was in the newspaper that they were going to be teaching their intelligent design from Of Pandas and People.
You never looked at the book Of Pandas and People before you became a plaintiff in this lawsuit, did you?
I did talk to people in the district, other people in the district.
People that I work with, other people in the district.
You heard yesterday, if you attended the deposition of -- excuse me, the testimony of Mr. Rehm's, that the science teachers, in a compromised move, had agreed to put Of Pandas and People in the science class.
Whether it's "concession" or "compromise," did you hear that the teachers had agreed to put Of Pandas and People in the science classroom?
I remember comments about our country being founded on Christianity and not needing to teach the faiths of other people.
In fact, he hadn't prepared to speak, but he was very upset, as many people in the audience were, and he stood up to speak.
Is it your understanding that the book Of Pandas and People was placed in the library for students to review?
It is, I suppose, likely that people with little money must think of money more than the well-off do and that the hungry will dwell on thoughts of food and the thirsty on drink.
It is, I suppose, likely that people with little money must think of money more than the well-off do and that the hungry will dwell on thoughts of food and the thirsty on drink.
Yiddish never apologizes for what it is—the earthy, wise soul of an expressive people learning that life is but a mingled yarn, good and ill together.
Strange to say, however, that interest does not seem to be more than a few hundred years old: if the ancient Greeks and Romans, the Indians, the Chinese and other peoples were curious about their own prehistory, I have not heard of it.
It also has a few neat features, like suggesting a few alternatives if you happen to think that preceding is spelt “preceeding” (as many people do).
[on -logue vs. -log:] Some people prefer their logues sawed off.
The importance of dialect is emphasized regularly in the press, where we read about people being killed, as in parts of India, because they use the wrong shibboleths.
Re the article on Cuthbert, Dickens uses intercourse to mean `communication between people' in A Christmas Carol when Scrooge says “I will not be the man I must have been but for this intercourse” to the third Spirit.
He is hung on a tall pole on a hill, outside the city, where the burning can be seen by the thousands of people who come to watch.
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them, Hall said, he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently, or whether "Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job."
Aziz said: "The continuous falsehoods spread by Kuwait's rulers are aimed at manufacturing an artificial crisis to give the Americans and British a pretext to continue their attacks on Iraq and keep the sanctions against its people in place."
there's a percentage certain percentage of the people there with sixty percent of the people uh seventy percent of the people said hey
right rather than have to retrial the whole whole thing and spend all the money for people to you know go back to court and all the lawyers and i mean it just winds up costing the taxpayers a fortune you know a fortune to keep doing that
and have some judge that was paid off or you know had good a good old boy network or for whatever reasons you know politics just let all kinds of people through so he he would have a heck or she would have a heck of a lot of power
it almost should be the first twelve people that they you know that have on a list are the ones that are on the jury and that's it
I think that S/M is much more than that; it's the real creation of new possibilities of pleasure, which people had no idea about previously.
right we pay for our trash pickup but this isn't the trash people
HIV-related stigma directly hurts people, who lose community support due to their real or supposed HIV infection.
But these are natural conversations, and it evidently takes so little to make people laugh--an apt metaphor seems to send them into paroxysms of laughter--that one need no longer wonder at the success of stand-up comedians who rarely say anything funny but focus on reminding their audiences of truisms.
We, the people who used be so productive, were lulled out of our vitality by corporate grasping and by big demand for US goods and US dollars, until the stock market took its dreadful dive in 2000-2001.
more smart things that are very damaging getting in getting out uh making end runs allowing more creativity at the lower echelon levels for people to slip in slip out and do things
Retirement benefits are for frail people, and there won't be any frail people.
It wasn't the first punch thrown, but it was the first one most people saw.
People ask, what is the nature of the revolution that we talk about.
i don't know i think in Dallas it's a lot more scary just because it's a big city i mean in Lubbock and stuff i know lots of people that don't lock their doors or you know leave their windows open at night because it's so much smaller i mean it feels safer
A decrease in the number of poor people in Ohio means there will be $2 million less in federal legal-aid money for the state next year, officials said yesterday.
As for the Margalit Fox article you mention, I did read it and found it an interesting summary of what we might call "the linguist's dilemma": People want linguists to tell them how to be correct, but at the same time, they resist intervention, taking the attitude, "Who are you to tell me what to do?"
"As do All adults, Gog envisions our People-those few hundred people he is certain are People-in communion, through the Goddess, with all the other beings, inhabiting rocks that break in useful shapes, water that cleans and cools, animals that give themselves to the people out of respect and necessity.
there are people who fish and then there are people who catch
A few weeks later, in January 1999, Clarke wrote that the principals had thought the intelligence only half reliable and had worried about killing or injuring perhaps 300 people.
However, when they begin to withdraw from the market en masse, a parallel fall in prices will occur as the supply of people who must sell begins to outstrip the number of people wishing to buy at a historically high cost.
And within it came a people
well well you don't find many intelligent people starting wars you know
Smokers also have lower rates of neurodegenerative disorders, and nicotine improves cognitive and motor functioning in people with Alzheimer disease and Parkinson disease.
People just need to feel that their care is top of the line.
He was christened in St. Nicholas Church in Leipzig in 1908 as just ordinary John Jacob Jingelheimer Schmidt, but people would all shout at him.
and i don't think that that's fair i don't think it's fair you know to the kids and and to the people that are sick and i know that you know
On June 12, 2001, a CIA report said that "Khaled"was actively recruiting people to travel outside Afghanistan, including to the United States where colleagues were reportedly already in the country to meet them, to carry out terrorist-related activities for Bin Ladin.
I am very interested in a man who is involved with several organizations that I fear keep people out due to sex, race, etc.
Land in which we are to flourish as a people.
but there are several people who are who are just super capable
Although providing for retirement is a powerful motive for saving, the life-cycle model in its simplest form cannot fully explain how people decide to save.
Few people knew any of it, besides some old-timers and a scattering of enthusiasts; "folk music" meant either the topical work of Woody Guthrie and Leadbelly or the kind of art-song taxidermy practiced by the likes of the baritone John Jacob Niles.
One Sunday evening I'm relaxing around this musty French pool, reminiscing about a day in LA in 1992 when some rich queen threw a pool party for People With AIDS up in the hills, within spitting distance of the Hollywood Sign.
well that would have to depend on the uh number of people and the nature of the party fairly small parties with people that i know i tend to be a little bit more casual and i would tend to
In fact, improving efforts to help people choose risk avoidance and to diagnose those who are already infected is the cornerstone of the CDC's new domestic HIV prevention strategy.
Wouldn't people pay more to see Titanic than Wild, Wild West ?
Remember the Schopenhauer line about how anyone who cares about people would think to spare future generations of the pain of living.
which you know a lot of people even in marriages that stay together try to all of the sudden get to know their kids when they turn eighteen or something like that
"I affect people's lives one person at a time in this job, but sometimes, the effect can be pretty profound, and sometimes, it's not what you hoped it to be," she said.
The pan-Arab paper al-Quds al-Arabi published an article by its Palestinian editor, Abdelbari Atwan, saying that "once again Clinton is using the Iraqi people as scapegoats to extricate himself from his domestic crisis.
I have spent 10,000 revolutions of Earth around its star watching these homo sapiens sapiens, I, Trzz herself, am immaterial, which enables me/her to eavesdrop on spoken and unspoken language, taking on such forms as lichens on cave walls, cave bear assailants on the attack, earwax of old people exchanging formulas to ward off decrepitude-whatever form necessary to record the descriptions the humans generate as they experience their ritual life.
have that well and it doesn't seem like very many people uh are really i mean there's a lot of people that are on death row but there's not very many people that actually um do get killed
In the first scenario, treatment efforts strengthened prevention efforts as, for example, when the availability of ART increases people's willingness to undergo testing.
I like to be able to reach up on my book shelf for one of Shakespeare's plays and I would like to think that people will do that with this [Morton's] book."
Countess Karen is apparently meeting with WTO security people right now, but will be available later.
yeah because all we had is uh what ten thirteen years and fifty six thousand people and and and we uh i don't know that we did we accomplish anything at all
Then in the supporting text, she suggested addressing the different people who might be doing the screening and the need to tie it to intervention.
(All actual facts from How To Be a Perfect Stranger: a Guide to Etiquette in Other People's Religious Ceremonies , Vol.
"I come to a mental/bodily state where I embrace all of us as one, where our people feel special and right, where I and each one of us is full of light and power."
because whenever you find a place that's good other people have already already found the same kind of a place and so sometimes i have to go to this place in uh where i know i have to wait at least fifteen minutes sometimes a half hour
"I think there's a real danger that people will lose benefits because they won't understand how to handle this (money)," said Glenda Harrison, staff attorney with the Northern Kentucky Legal Aid Society in Covington.
It is essentially an averaging of the people, and like any average, it falls somewhere between the best and the worst.
"People ask, what is the nature of the revolution that we talk about.
but see they'll come in and do work that other people won't do now i don't know about this day and time when there's so many people out of work i know if i was out of work i'd do anything to make money
The 2000 census showed Illinois with about 35,000 fewer people who are eligible for LSC services because of low income, about $22,000 a year for a family of four, Kleiman said.
The problem is that they don't know enough people in those racial groups, so their brains will use race as the most distinctive characteristic about that person.
He also makes plain the contemptuous-and contemptible-efforts of the Scottish Mission to destroy all "pagan" customs of the Kikyu people.
okay uh we i find that the nicest party for dinner uh uh group for a dinner party is eight people uh they set at my dining room table easily
Julie Samples, a lawyer with the program, estimates the state's Mexican indigenous population at around 10,000 people, a dramatic increase compared to a decade ago.
Vulgar , which really means no more than `unrefined,' is rarely encountered in modern dictionaries as a label because people have taken to designating four-letter words as vulgar, illustrating the semantic process known as pejoration `depreciation,' the opposite of melioration . Today we should probably consider labeling Great!
The thought would occur to him, 'These people are entering a house, leaving it, walking along the streets, and sitting in the central square.
oh yeah there was a a big thing saying that it was you know invading people's rights and things like that
Seeing opportunities for advancement and leadership positions in programs is critical to retaining women, people of color and other individuals who contribute to a diverse staff.
A technological visionary must tell people what they want to hear, because your company's stock won't rise if you spout an unpopular vision to analysts.
People say she is like a man.
uh people we'd go down to the coast every now and then and we've noticed some people camp out on the beach on public beaches and uh
And, given the weak economy and the forthcoming budget cuts, these people need more help right now, not less.
As another example, the indigenous people of the Arctic are, as far as I know, still commonly referred to in the United States as Eskimos; but for some time now the PC term in Canada has been Inuit, a term which affords great scope for PC snobbery, as it can be fairly complicated; the people are Inuit; the language is Inuitituk; and an individual is an Inuk.
The AIDS epidemic is threatening farm output and, in turn, many people in Africa who are vulnerable to poverty and hunger, according to United Nations officials quoted in this article. "
but um i don't know that's definitely one thing they could do to make it easier is to just you know have have those garbage people that make how every many make twenty twenty or thirty bucks an hour have them do a little bit of the sorting
Lake County officials and a private agency that assists indigent litigants in Illinois want to make the practice easier by creating a self-help center for people who choose to represent themselves in legal matters.
How about stopping publishing so much of this drivel and hiring people to write intelligent, interesting work on some (any!)
Creative combinations of people
it wouldn't be it wouldn't be the people who'd go to buy them honestly
This finding suggests that efforts to reduce the number of people uninsured or underinsured would reduce hospitals' expenditures on uncompensated care.
Print publications have no clear idea of how many people read each copy of their publication and, conversely, how many individual pages of any given copy go unread.
Probably few people have the encyclopaedic knowledge of homosexual behaviour in animals to be able to refute the variety of hypotheses to explain (away) homosexuality.
but i think it's amazing that they they keep complaining about people not voting and
While in some places the advent of free and accessible antiretroviral therapy has offered hope and encouraged people to go for testing, [5] stigma remains a barrier to testing even where treatment is available [6].
So here Larry tells us that "it becomes possible for local governments to begin to impose regulation on people on the Net, by forcing local servers to condition access based on the features of who people are."
Most American working people have clung to belief in a future that afforded a home, college for the kids, insurance even for domesticated partners--until the US economy was converted from production of goods to production of money and financial equities.
i don't know them people boy they got the i think the United States has got too many problems to be worried about everybody else
Over the years, GAO has made observations and recommendations about many of these success factors, based on effective management of people, technology, financial, and other issues, especially in its biannual Performance and Accountability Series on major government departments.
Currently, eight million disabled people of working age receive more than $50 billion a year from Social Security and Supplemental Security Income, says the paper, and fewer than 1 percent of them work.
Last year, 5 million more people were infected with the virus, most of them living in low-income, food-deficit countries.
weather people down here really confused
"We heard a lot of good ideas from people who've been contributing for many years to pro bono service," said Mr. Curnin. "
The World War II people won a war (two wars, one on each side of the world) then felt they had earned riches, comfort, a homogenous society, everlasting youthful looks, the right to never die, the right to never being questioned with the corresponding right to never being wrong, etc.
"Yes," replies Ferd, booting up the computer plans of the hospital they target for the rescue operation, "Signed on Aug. 15, 1904, with the illiterate Masai using thumbprints, the document said the Masai leaders 'of our own free will, decided that it is for our best interests to remove our people, flocks, and herds into definite reservations away from the railway line, and away from any land that may be thrown open to European settlement.
you know when it thaws out and warms up and people flock to the golf course you know in December and January so
The Legislature needs to do the right thing for the people of this state.
They'd broken a kind of tacit agreement about behavior among rich people, the people who would never drive anything but a station wagon, and they had to be made to pay.
And Joseph, would you be so kind as to ask the Medecins Sans Frontiers people upstairs how much food we are taking to Darfur for them?
because for so long people are going are going to be able to equate miles to kilometers i mean when you drive around Europe you do the same thing
"He has the cachet of being a long-standing family court judge, and lots of people like him," she said.
"It may not be nice to say it," she writes at one point, "but people are not all always nice, and therefore a little social pressure can be a good thing."
Approximately two dozen people picketed the hospital in a peaceful effort to draw attention to what they perceive as nonconsensual genital mutilation.
and i think that's part of the problem why people don't vote anymore because of of it's just out of people's hands and they say one vote means a lot but
To obtain a population sample, the names and addresses of 2000 people living in the Central District of Finland were obtained from the organization Statistics of Finland (with the permission from the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health, Finland).
The first, obviously, is that creating a critical mass of developers turning out programs that work and that people want is the crucial task.
He wondered again how all these people were connected.
yeah i see all the people on on Sunday going for a walk with their dogs and
On any given workday, up to 50,000 office workers occupied the towers, and 40,000 people passed through the complex.
The Lockerbie gambit is reported on the inside by the NYT and as part of the LAT 's front-pager on the arrest in Egypt of Abu Nidal, the 1980s terrorist mastermind believed to have killed more than 500 people.
He couldn't remember anymore what it was like to love anyone, let alone love the people.
story line about people trying to find themselves there were parts that were sad i mean it just ran the gamut of emotion
Presumably, this would not harm the congressional intent of attracting people to treatment because patients do not come to the emergency department with the intention of receiving substance abuse treatment.
The idea seems to have worked: The ad emerged as one of the Super Bowl broadcast's 10 most successful, according to USA Today 's people meter, a hand-held dial that registered the second-by-second reaction of a sample of 139 consumers.
. . Thus the loss of China and Cuba and the loss now of Vietnam not only encourages other oppressed peoples (such as the blacks) by showing what the alternative is and that it can be won, but also costs the imperialists billions of dollars which they then have to take out of the oppression of these other peoples.
as well as hopefully being honest people and do their best to comply with the facts as they were presented to them so that's why the defense is there
I firmly believe these protocols will help to ensure the consistency, fairness, and effectiveness of GAO's interactions with the agencies and thereby enable GAO to better serve the Congress and the American people.
The Amish allow a period of freedom before baptism, during which young people drink, take drugs, and use machinery and electricity.
And we have the Catholics and the Protestants, who can't agree on anything, united in condemning people for their sexuality.
yeah yeah well as a matter of fact i know that uh you know they they were concerned about the Soviet brain drain because there're so many of their top people just uh like you say they they
These are the lesions that most people think of when they hear the term precancer.
I've taken a fair number of hits for being one of the people who signed on to represent the tobacco industry when they started their negotiations with the state attorneys general and the health groups back in 1997.
"Even now, my feeling OK is associated with events and people; gotta love them (or want them or hate or fear them).
yeah see that lot of people don't and that's
40 More people are living longer, and they will need more resources to finance more years of retirement.
Kinsley fails to address the main point of the privatization argument: Social Security changes people's behavior.
Though Crusaders constructed a fort there in the 12th century, they soon withdrew, leaving Petra to the local people.
and you just wonder i you know i look at kind of now too where we're getting all this people asking us for aid outside the country you know or to support the Soviet Union this that and the other and
"There are thousands and thousands of people who have problems that never get an opportunity to appear in court," Pivnick said. "
One reason is that since last fall the economic news, both at home and abroad, has been better than most people expected.
Now the American gay people are so dreary.
yeah the the uh i've always felt that public people who are involved with the safety of other people should be drug tested i've i have never said that i didn't want that the problem that i had was
"The legal system marketplace just doesn't serve low-income people too well, except in fee-generat-ing type cases," Brewer said. "
On the other hand, I know people who write a great deal, and who write very well, but whose work has never been published.
But the Masai, who are among the poorest Kenyans, complain "We see little profit from tourism and that many of the people who dress as Masai at lodges are actually from other tribes."
there to be more people involved i guess in in trying to find the answer but
Cryptosporidiosis is caused by a coccidian parasite, Cryptosporidium , which is transmitted in its infective form, the oocyst, by the fecal-oral route [ 1 ] . It causes self-limited, watery diarrhea in immunocompetent individuals but can be severe and life threatening in people with immunosuppressive conditions [ 2 ] . Because of the severe nature of the disease in the immunocompromised, most epidemiologic studies have focussed on people with HIV/AIDS and other immunosuppressed states [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . What is known about transmission patterns in the general US population is based on studies undertaken during outbreaks of the disease, usually waterborne [ 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ] . Even though cryptosporidiosis is a reportable disease, limited data are available on the routes of endemic transmission and on accurate incidence rates of cryptosporidiosis, especially in the immunocompetent population.
These days, though, the polls show that people pretty clearly don't want President Clinton impeached.
Unnoticed, all the people and trees and sidewalks make a place, a country, which we consider central to the experiences we have.
and so a lot of people like the 49ers because Steve Young plays for them uh Jim McMahon plays for the Chicago Bears so they cheered for him you know when he played for them but he kind of got to be a jerk so nobody liked him anyway but
Activity analysis involves determining what activities are done within a department, how many people perform the activities, how much time they spend performing the activities, what resources are required to perform the activities, what operational data best reflect the performance of the activities, and what customer value the activity has for the organization.
In 1996, a "tax scheme" was a plan that ostensibly would raise taxes on some people while cutting taxes for others.
Never mind that these are utopian ideas: the demands themselves move people to realize that if these basic human needs were met then competition for scarce resources would diminish.
that's always a good thing vegetable trays always go over so well because i think people get tired of eating junk i mean i think they like to have healthy stuff too you know it's
Last year, the LASNNY helped more than 14,000 people.
The other NYT front-page Lewinsky story trots out the Ordinary People refrain--end this scandal soon, please.
Come on all you people standing around
it was a volcano erupted and it was high enough up but uh they had some people from the national meteorological center i think it was the which is the national
Jonathan Mann, founder of the World Health Organization's Global Program on AIDS and untiring advocate for justice for people with HIV/AIDS, addressed the United Nations General Assembly in 1987 [1].
These two facts mean that a certain amount of speculation is a normal and necessary part of the way the market works: It is inevitable and desirable that people should try to buy low and sell high, building up inventories when the price is perceived to be unusually low and running those inventories down when the price seems to be especially high.
Lenin retorts, "People who can say this are either distorters of the truth or pedants who want an advance guarantee that throughout the wole country the Bolshevik Party has received exactly one-half of the votes plus one, this they want at all events, without taking the least account of the real circumstances of the revolution.
well it really isn't too big yet we we like a lot of people say that but um
There will be more women, children and employed people along with those with mental health needs.
Bobby Rush, D-Ill., a former Black Panther, that Daley had neglected poor people.
. . All of the United Airlines Astrojets, all of the Holiday Inns, all of Hertz's automobiles, your television set, car and wardrobe already belong, to a large degree to the people of the rest of the world.
maybe people would be stopped at doing something before they got to the point of
However, the unadjusted odds ratio for developing an acute coronary event in people who adopted the Mediterranean diet was 0.64 (95% CI 0.44 - 0.95), indicating a 36% reduction of the coronary risk as compared with people that did not adopt this diet.
Senate, and for the most part, all its people talk as if they grew up in California and are auditioning for the latest Coca-Cola commercial.
How often have we not heard such people saying: "We have lived in Africa for a number or years and we know the African mind well."
uh but in a in a innate music sense there just seems to be something missing there which is always frustrating for me since i have pretty high math aptitude and i keep thinking gee i thought that all the math and music people are supposed to go hand in hand but but it doesn't for me
Today-just like yesterday-thousands of people daily knock on the door of legal services and they are told, "no one is home.
"Vacco vehemently denies telling a convention of People magazine readers, 'That Princess Diana was a mean drunk and a lousy lay.
. . Thus the loss of China and Cuba and the loss now of Vietnam not only encourages other oppressed peoples (such as the blacks) by showing what the alternative is and that it can be won, but also costs the imperialists billions of dollars which they then have to take out of the oppression of these other peoples.
and what it is is it's like a little coder box and you tell all the people that you want to talk to like your family and your friends and stuff a three digit code
California Rural Legal Assistance has provided legal services to farm workers and other poor people statewide for 35 years.
One comic book, with the subtle title Li Hongzhi: The Man and His Evil Deeds , proclaims that "[Hongzhi's] illegal doings seriously disrupted the normal order of society, causing chaos in people's social and moral principles."
It is critical that he hear from you so he knows that people around the world support this effort.
yeah yep and they're not too pleasant it gets so humid to me it's humid here people that i know that come from um like Georgia or North Carolina yeah they say this isn't humid
As the screening system tries to stop dangerous people, the checkpoint needs to be able to find dangerous items.
In his Feb. 3 "" from the Clinton trial, he writes, "History and the American people have already rendered their verdict."
As is the case among many young people in the United States, swapping files and burning tracks on CD's are viewed in most countries as routine, not renegade, behavior.
yeah that was interesting there was quite a few people
A conservative estimate of just the people receiving services that can be easily counted, such as referrals and legal education presentations, shows that more than two million people were provided with these services in the last six months of 2001 alone.
This is the feeling we get when we see bad people flourish.
That future was a little like an LA garden, all exotic plants, tended and watered by people and resources brought from across the borders.
i think a lot of people are panicked how kids are turning out and how things are going for kids and realizing they've got to start doing something so
Kalima is also the devoted daughter of the charismatic psychotherapist Claire Reid, who directs the “Leon Davis Foundation,” which Kalima's late father dedicated to the belief that neuropeptide melanin, found in “people of color,” enhances intelligence, athleticism, and emotional sensitivity.
Why would people feel the need to point out a pregnant woman's size?
"ELF Lib," as it is called by its adherents, is alleged to have burned 45 Hummer vehicles last year in the parking lot of EuroDisney and to have secreted a communiqué claiming their action was "Operation Heraclitean Fire," for "little people of all ages," in a toadstool in Swiss Miss Land.
and i said well that that's quite possible i said i've discussed some topics with people even over this situation and and discovered some views that i hadn't thought of in a while i just wondered if i got out of my little realm
Where considerable diversity exists, it may not be possible to select a "typical" site, and the diversity may be so great that to represent it adequately would require more case studies than most people would want to read for illustrative purposes.
It is possible to divide up secrets (such as passwords) among several people such that only a subset of them of a certain size (a majority, for instance) can recover the original.
We went back to how we had begun living with groups of friends and fount that this revolution could leave intact the enslavement of women if women did not fight to end and change it, together . . .And marijuana and LSD and little money and awakening to the black revolution, the people of the world.
i know a number of people who are uh surplused and they're just actually what the positions that they've found outside of the company were much much better than the ones that they currently had inside
In fact, a case study where the only people interviewed were senior officials would be seen as a not-good case study, in contrast to one where the views of individuals at all levels affected was obtained.
What I did say is that "the glitter of instant wealth" being made on Wall Street is overshadowing the steadier achievements of the people, wage-earners and businessmen alike, who used to call themselves "producers."
Many people who thought this couldn't be done in the past are having to rethink their assumptions," John Walters, the White House drug policy chief, said by phone from Washington.
i mean i'm grateful for people like that but i don't see how they can just
And by shaming and silencing the very people who could credibly speak for HIV prevention and provide care for HIV-positive others, stigma fuels the HIV epidemic, consigning more people to suffering and death.
A cable car crash killed 20 people in the French Alps.
The beach is beautiful and all people are so friendly.
we uh in fact mending it you even kind of has gone by the wayside for some most for many people if they get a hole in their sark sock
LSC Vice President for Programs Randi Youells and LSC Board Member Maria Luisa Mercado opened the three-day symposium by challenging conferees to help LSC develop practices and policies that guarantee high quality legal services to rural people - whether they are California farm workers, small farmers in the Midwest, migrant workers in the South, or Native Americans on reservations in the Southwest.
This bifurcation is intuitively appealing because it makes concrete the ambivalence of assimilation, the gnawing sense among many people of color that membership in the mainstream comes at a high personal cost.
There are a lot of animals that have same-sex relations, it's just that people don't know about it," Mitchell said. "
except with the few exceptions of people that are unemployed which is unfortunate lately um every woman i know works my wife took some time off after we had our uh child our first child
Anyone who meets the age requirement can call the hot line, but hands-on legal counsel goes first to people with the greatest financial or social needs.
In the Sydney Morning Herald, an editorial laughs at the notion that the United States could build a "strategic partnership" with China, which is crumbling from within and is a poor country whose Communist leadership no longer has the support of its people.
The plan ñ a collaboration between the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and other agencies ñ involves renewed scrutiny of mosques and interrogations of people whose national origin, religious faith, or political leanings might, in the eyes of the feds, indicate even the most far-flung relationship to "terrorism."
ninety uh probably about well i don't know about ninety but probably fifty percent of the people that have those probably don't wear the lap portion of it
White House transcript, President Bush's Address to a Joint Session of Congress and the American People, Sept. 20, 2001.
"A timeless burst of renegade teen spirit" (Steve Dougherty, People ). (Click here to find out more about the band on its official site, and here to check out the "I have a crush on The Donnas" Web site.)
We struck a blow for little people of all ages.
but i think that was an actually actually a good thing that happened uh i never considered it i guess it's an invasion of your privacy but it's something that is for the good of so many people you know to have everyone uh take the test randomly and uh
''I handle average-type people stuff,'' said Chambers, sitting in front of a wall of used law books she picked up at auction.
I mean, some people might consider that title.
When law enforcement fails to distinguish between violent criminal activity and legitimate dissent ñ and when it favors collecting as much information on as many people as possible rather than useful intelligence resulting from bona fide criminal investigations ñ it's "choosing quantity over quality," Crew said. "
in order to put more people in into the jails and it was just uh amazing
California has the highest number of people in poverty in the nation - 6.4 million, including nearly one in five children.
The three student filmmakers depicted in the movie, who present themselves in home videos and snippets of their planned black-and-white "documentary," seemed like real people.
He needs to clear his head after three hours in which his ostensible colleagues from the cult competed with the import-export people (actually smugglers of exotic animals and animal products) for dominance, each with the aim to manipulate the other with the most subtle and insulting deviousness.
you know people don't remember the what happened and they don't remember the outrage they felt at the time you know that oh my God look what he did you know and
A lot of people rely on their local government for protection."
People are forever discovering such quotations for the first time and should not be excoriated for it by a dyspeptic, curmudgeonly reviewer.
During Vietnam, it was easier, as the Vietnamese were very astute in their description of their People's War and the centrality of the anti-colonial struggle against US imperialism.
but a lot of times people who are on drugs don't admit it
Jones-Lee (1993) provides an estimate of age-adjusted VSL based on a finding that older people value mortality risk reductions only somewhat less than middle-aged people.
Of course, it's also true that if your Aunt Agnes just can't stand the idea of people reading the New York Times , her anguish is a real cost of allowing freedom of the press.
He wasn't sure he could remember how people talk to each other.
and with the banks being in such financial you know problems now that people you can find the banks willing to sell you a car
Each risk analysis session takes approximately 4 hours and includes 7 to 15 people, though sessions with as many as 50 and as few as 4 people have occurred.
(I refrain from saying what I think after most movies not because I want to tantalize people but because I reserve the right to change my mind in the course of writing a review.)
Ain't it amazing all the people I meet
um migrant Hispanic farm workers people that are down and out and uh they all seem to congregate in Celinas not so much here in Monterrey
Legal aid lawyers in Kentucky have put together an action team and held frequent statewide conference calls in response to concerns from aid recipients and advocates that the Anthem payouts could cost people their benefits, at least temporarily.
"I'm saying we really do have to recognize that it's going to be difficult and take a while for people to get this stuff," says Professor Shoshanna Sofaer of Baruch College, an adviser to the federal government.
"This action by queer, transgender and intersex activists loudly demonstrates our collective outrage at what is occurring in hospitals around the country five times a day to non-consenting children We acted to show the lies in the twisting of "Sexual Orientation" and "Gender Identity and/or Expression," Medicalization of Anatomy, and the insistence of society to place people in the binary sex model, wherein a man is a man and expresses masculine characteristics, while a woman is a woman and expresses feminine characteristics, and their sexual dichotomy exists for procreation.
yeah and if you put them in public service right out of high school then that's that postpones their college for a year and that would upset a lot of people too because they just wanna get on
Other participants commented that there is no shortage of qualified people to serve on boards of directors.
It should be to create zones where people can raise children in safety even if they must travel elsewhere to work.
Stay away from the bad people, and the guns.
but yet their they spend all the money on drug testing and if they weren't spending all the money on drug testing people could have got a raise so see there you know there's different
(ii) ensure that only a positive number of ARVs are allocated to each HCF ( S j ≥ 0, j = 1… n ); and (iii) ensure that the number of people treated in each community is not greater than the number of people with HIV in the community ( T i ≤ I i , i = 1… m ). We note that if a different objective is required, then all of our preceding analysis still holds and only the functional form of the objective function needs to be altered.
I want to return our government back to whom it belongs--the people.
We can fight for a global order that's fits for this earth, based on the desires we share with all people everywhere.
but basically the host so far have just been picking you know what we have and then they'll let the people know and they'll uh uh ask people to bring something to compliment it but personally i like to prepare something that i could have done ahead of time
Worldwide in 2004, more people were living with HIV and more people died of AIDS than in any previous year [4].
These latter families, you'd think, would tend to be more successful in the marketplace than people who now spend some time on the rolls.
But then moments of freedom where people's relationships are less obscure
i i mean i was ready to put the guy guy away forever but i was dealing with people who said well if it were my son i'd want him to have another chance
Global treatment efforts, including the World Health Organization's â€œ3 by 5â€ Initiative, aim to extend therapy to several million people over the next few years [2].
(I'm back in New York this week, and one of my favorite things about returning here is the careful division of labor among the city's newspapers: They seem to have a tacit understanding that the Times will supply the city with its news, and the tabloids will supply those things that people actually want to read about.
"We shall see people engaged in attractive occupations, giving no thoughts to material wants, free from all pecuniary cares and anxieties.
a paper on that just how many people most of the people criminals has got drug problems you know it's just one of the major
People move between ZIP codes and cancer latency (the time between causative exposures and cancer onset) is estimated to be between 5-40 years for these cancers, so the ZIP code where the patient was diagnosed may not be the location where the cancer developed nor where causative exposures occurred.
"You have to be true to yourself as a writer, but I don't think you have a responsibility beyond that," said Brian Helgeland, the opening speaker at "Guns Don't Kill People ...
However, this urge for abolishing a people's social custom by force of law was not wholeheartedly accepted by the majority of the delegates in the Conference.
a you know some females i don't recall that they have any female anchors and i like different i like the anchors to be different kinds of people
Many United States hospitals are required to provide some manner of interpreter services for people with limited English proficiency—but do those services also bridge the cultural divide?
Katha, No, I'm in favor of abolishing the British National Health Service altogether, and letting the market take care of most people's healthcare, and the government coming in to rescue those who fall through the cracks.
They are good people, and you should not be abusing them.
we need to try to get people to two terms so they
"I didn't find out until I was standing in the great hall of the Supreme Court, surrounded by 300 people who were there, that the award had been named for me and was thereafter going to be given in my name.
On Tuesday, Izvestiya of Moscow noted an alarming new tendency in Russia: In the absence of effective enforcement of property rights, people simply grab what they think should be theirs.
"As do All adults, Gog envisions our People-those few hundred people he is certain are People-in communion, through the Goddess, with all the other beings, inhabiting rocks that break in useful shapes, water that cleans and cools, animals that give themselves to the people out of respect and necessity.
all the people signed confessions they went to a trial by jury they been trying these people now for twenty two years ever since i was a child
The sense of taste is partly lost in elderly people, he says, so better tastants—effectively ‘chemical spectacles’—might give them back their pleasure of eating and thereby improve their quality of life.
Morning Star Read by the people who think the  country should be run by another  country.
General opinion was for education which would enable the people to choose what customs to keep and which ones they would like to get rid of.
yeah i don't know i don't doesn't seem like they're doing much with it neither i mean there's plans there and now with the voting and and people you know getting into senate and government and stuff i mean they have nice plans and
The specific PCB congeners to which people were exposed following the Yucheng and Yusho incidents may have been somewhat different from those found in Great Lakes fish and fish consumers [ 3 49 51 54 55 56 ] , and, unlike exposure to PCBs from Great Lakes fish, the Yucheng and Yusho incidents also involved significant exposure to polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) as a result of heating the contaminated rice oil for cooking [ 49 51 54 ] . Whether these differences could explain the differences in sex ratio findings between the Yusho and Yu-cheng incidents and our findings is not clear.
The LAT quotes an academic expert citing another: a decrease in the crack cocaine trade, caused by the proliferation of legal economic opportunities for young people.
Just as if there were a tall building in the central square [of a town], and a man with good eyesight standing on top of it were to see people entering a house, leaving it, walking along the street, and sitting in the central square.
um we have a couple of collection places around but they're pretty inconvenient to get to and and those you do have to sort and and most people don't have room you know in their house for ten or twenty different bins
Identifying the Right People to Serve on Boards
Like many people, I was baffled when I first read his poems in high-school anthologies: "The Emperor of Ice-Cream" sounded like antique mumbo jumbo in comparison with the up-to-the-minute adolescent angst of "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock."
The opposition leader, who is on 100,000 zimdollars (11, 000 USD) bail, is facing two charges under the Law and Order (Maintenance) Act for recruiting people to undergo military training and conspiracy to engage in sabotage.
but i tell you what the people of Dallas uh
The goal was to influence people who are in a position to make changes in the field.
Every Friday, 20,000 people get a print-out version of Slate delivered to them by e-mail.
  Several protestors were intersexed people whose surgery as children resulted in assignment to the wrong gender.
which would really be handy you know for people like shut ins or people who can't or don't drive you know they can't get to the these centers
"Having grown up poor myself, I know that a lot of people are taken advantage of and need someone to advocate for them," said Jones.
Except most of the American people.
She and her mother share one trait, an ability to recount the episodes when they were maimed and deprived of the halcyon life they believe is available to normal people. "
well see i never had a hard time coming home it didn't uh you know there all these people who spit on them and all these kinds of things i i came home and got married and i i never uh
The fact that we are now seeing second and third generation low-income people walk through our doors and sit in our waiting rooms is a brutal reminder that the realization of justice for many Americans remains more an aspiration than a fact.
Denarius , a coin of ancient Rome, evolved into dinar , the name used by many countries of the eastern Mediterrean which were once part of, or near, the ancient Roman Empire (Algeria, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, People's Democratic Republic of Yemen, Tunisia, Yugoslavia).
26 In "Letter to Comrades" of October 15 (28), 1917, Lenin quotes an objection to immediate revolution: 'We have no majority among the people, and without this condition the uprising is hopeless . . .'
yeah it uh well no it's a it's got bucket seats in the front and you can fit you can fit five people in it
Although shingles usually resolves within a month, some people continue to feel the pain of PHN long after the rash and blisters heal, because of nerve damage (neuropathic pain) caused by the shingles.
Very few people had access to all this information--some of it was available only at the FBI, some only at very high levels in the White House.
This article indicates that about 30 million of the 42 million people with HIV/AIDS live in sub-Saharan Africa, over half of them in rural areas.
well except i know it would just not be cost effective they've already got all this money out on hired um getting the trucks and hiring people to work them i'm sure they couldn't afford that but um
On May 20, Director Tenet discussed the high risk of the operation with Berger and his deputies, warning that people might be killed, including Bin Ladin.
The WP coverage of the presidential press conference--accompanied by a picture of a pugnacious double-fisted Clinton--reports that he dismissed allegations about his character as the work of organized foes "unable to counter his ideas or record," but acknowledged that seven years of their attacks have diminished his personal standing with the American people.
The amount of swapping in a country generally correlates to the number of people who have PC's with high-speed Internet connections.
and again i don't think these people care they risk their lives everyday
It informs low income people about their legal rights and responsibilities connected with various situations they might encounter as consumers, tenants, parents, spouses, employees and citizens.
The Wall Street Journal notes that this week's recall of a major heart drug, Posicor, and the disclosure of another ten deaths of men taking Viagra, are reminders that "While pharmaceuticals manufacturers test their concoctions on several thousand subjects to monitor side-effects and efficacy, the real experiment begins only after a drug hits the market and vastly more people begin taking it."
He makes it clear that these customs functioned to make young people part of community religious and social life and compares them to Jewish circumcision.
well i mean how can you contrast the the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to to say the people in Latin America i mean why are they
They are now recommended in many countries for infants and toddlers, and for people over 65—the two age groups in which invasive disease is most common—and for others who are at increased risk of pneumococcal disease (e.g.
"People talk to a lot of people.
The above are thoughts notated by myself, Trzz, an ethnobiologist from the region of Altair 4 (Krell people).
you know and and like Iran's the big bad guy you know but really if if they were going to save people's lives
However, for a board to effectively perform its responsibilities, it must have the "right people" who possess an "independent spirit" and are "knowledgeable" of the company/industry and the company's constituencies.
Well, if people were expecting the end of summer to bring a return to high-volume trading and sharp price swings on Wall Street, they were certainly disappointed.
Mr. South I know you worked for the US Government in Iran and Nicaragua and now help our Brave Soldiers by questioning people in Kabul, Guantanamo and Baghdad.
and uh lot of people uh have not even considered that maybe that a car payment a monthly car payment that they put it in every month whether they have a car payment or not
People may be too shortsighted in their saving decisions to look ahead to the implications of current government debt on future generations.
He criticized his father for understanding too late the Iranian people's yearning for democracy, saying that this was the cause of his overthrow 20 years ago and now of the student revolt against the ayatollahs.
You develop good leads by generating trust, not by disrespecting people's rights.
well they are probably not doing very well at all because i know there's there's still people even in the Dallas area there are there are still people trying to get some member of their family back from uh Vietnam
The agency takes credit for "abolition of debtors' prison, the right to due process and a fair hearing, the first successful employment-discrimination lawsuits, improved housing codes and accessibility for people with disabilities."
The second is that with one possible exception, these are programs that the public likes--they are not at all what people object to when they rail against Big Government.
C: "Then I should have told him that people put bombs on trains because they're looking for God?"
half half the people you know you really have to hunt to get information on them and you know as far as the local things go and if you know if you don't know them then
Even though economists have various theories to explain why people choose to save, some people do not save at all.
Ah, my people, and their rigorous traditions of scholarship.
Although his philosophical studies show his great love and aptitude for Heidegger, then professor, soon to be Rector, at Freiberg, R remembers an increasing discomfort with H's "swooning for a leader" who would throw himself and the people into the Dasein.
oh i think a lot of people are i think they've lost sight of some things that are very important to our country
Later we encounter a crew of charming and articulate dwarfs taking time out from a disco at the Reno convention of the Little People of America.
The United States inherited English common law, which made adultery, as well as fornication (sex between unmarried people) and sodomy (oral and anal sex), punishable crimes.
The working people historically assert their power
and uh that's one of the nice thing a about a company uh interaction with other people access to internet uh
LASNNY provides only needed civil legal aid -- urgent, noncriminal assistance to low-income people.
Maybe people have less faith in the social sciences as well and so just want to hear about stories and personalities.
We are within the heartland of a world-wide monster, a country so rich from its world-wide plunder that even the crumbs doled out to the enslaved masses within its borders provide for material existence very much above the conditions of the masses of people of the world.
because he has to like himself before he can like other people
Moreover, the adoption of Mediterranean diet by people who reported that they exercise at least once per week (> 4 kcal/min) seems to have an additive benefit, since it is associated with 47% (odds ratio = 0.53, P < 0.01) lower risk of developing acute coronary events, after adjusting for age, sex, and the levels of the common cardiovascular risk factors.
Liberal gardeners are people who feel that, through gardening, we can alleviate our sense of alienation from nature; and that, through good gardening, we can repair some of the damage we have done to our environment.
As long as a people are held down, corruption is sure to rise and the only answer to this is a policy of equality.
exactly and and the rich people get off the hook
I am proud to say that we served the Congress and the American people well in fiscal year 2000.
1) Epstein writes: "Better that we have 200 people alive with one kidney each than 100 people alive with two kidneys."
Local NLG attorney Nancy Hormachae reported that at least 13,000 people were forced into deportation hearings as the result of the notorious Special Registration program alone.
right and and people don't want to play with somebody that they're going to beat every time you know and and uh and
But Fish Aren't People
The king saved Spain by surrendering his own power to the people: Now even socialists want to preserve the monarchy.
There is a small committee of people supporting me, and the Populist Legal Agency is defending me.
on the part of the kids to to uh some of those people
For the four people, see Civilian interview 1 (Mar.
Many of these designs and symbols tell stories of their people, and have meanings which are unknown to Westerners.
Vietnamese dispatches explaining imperialism and People's War
there are people who fish and then there are people who catch
Most people believe that as societies advance economically they have higher levels of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and other noncommunicable disease (NCD) risks.
How many people read
  Several of the protestors were intersexed people whose surgery as children resulted in assignment to the "wrong" gender.
is is the argument over over people catching uh things like uh respiratory disease
The principal reason for this is that the disease is under-reported by physicians and laboratories and it is frequently under-diagnosed [ 20 ] . Even when people seek care for diarrhea, fecal specimen tests for Cryptosporidium are not part of the routine ova and parasites testing protocols.
"Someone who sends a car bomb today is trying to destroy the hopes of the Palestinian people," a Palestinian official declared.
 Especially poor old people.
as far as people seeing something happen you know across the street or
As we have previously reported, the extent to which individual accounts would affect national saving depends on how they are financed, how the program is structured, and how people adjust their own saving behavior in response to individual accounts.
Some people insist they don't know what they think until they hear what they say.
Yes, people, productive labor
yeah i'm the same way if i see something i can copy it but i certainly can't create i admire people that have that in their minds already
Recommendation: A comprehensive U.S. strategy to counter terrorism should include economic policies that encourage development, more open societies, and opportunities for people to improve the lives of their families and to enhance prospects for their children's future.
In England, they think people are important, or not, based on their birth.
Or maybe stories that, you know, some people just make up stories to tell.
These political considerations played themselves out against ambivalent sentiments about who constituted the “people” in “government of the people, by the people, for the people.”
Local people don’t see this commercial activity as inappropriate; to them, a temple isn’t a holy place until the gods are present, and that only happens during a religious ceremony.
As gardening is the number one hobby in the United States, the White River Gardens will further the Society's mission by nourishing the vital connection between people and their natural landscapes.
i i've been saved i've only had to take babysitters home twice i guess which isn't bad but we have uh all all of our families lives in Saint Louis so the normal family infrastructure that uh a lot of people have just isn't there for us
An estimated 3 million people in the United States and 55 million people worldwide stutter.
Then again, some people found it nervy when Bill Clinton, at a Memphis church in 1993, delivered his famous sermon on family values.
Our neighbor had a pool and we were kind of like the Hatfield's and McCoy's, they weren't very nice people and they didn't like us.
This is the Mexican people’s slang term for the government card issued to legal immigrant residents, also known as the “green card,” in the United States.
Jamaicans are sociable people, living their lives out in the open and knowing everything about their neighbor’s business.
Significant costs of this exciting collaboration will be absorbed by the IU School of Dentistry and People's Health Center.
and um you know i i i don't like to be rude to people but i find myself becoming more and more um abrasive because i just don't you know feel like they should be calling me on my own personal private time
In addition, the very nature of the information system creating the data allows opportunities for errors to be introduced by many people.
They all might look the same, but they are different; people are very different and react in different ways.
By the time I was a child, they were well into middle age and were the most incredibly nosy people in this entire town.
 awesome quality. A mighty power and grandeur emanates from these great mountains, holy to the people who live in their shadow. Whether you’re trekkin
He was about two weeks short of being old enough to fly, but still afraid of people and very difficult to catch so that we could continue feeding until he was self-sufficient.
um but people you know you want to try to match their needs as best they can and then if
These long-term leaders told us that, to help ensure continuity and diminish reliance on a single individual, they attempted to institutionalize their roles by bringing in additional people to assist in leading their organizations and performing such duties as enforcing membership rules and keeping current on issues and topics affecting their organization's members.
"The machines suck people into the screen," says Professor William Thompson, a gambling expert at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
They got, they got, um, I think they should make people pay to fish too, and the people it's his, it's his niece, that's my Aunt Claudia.
When people consider the U.S. apparel industry, they often think of New York City’s Seventh Avenue, which is driven by new design, constantly changing seasonal offerings, and a willingness by consumers to pay a premium for the cutting edge of fashion.
Where to Go
Urban is genuinely concerned that the disabled community is not getting a fair share, and he goes out of his way to help disabled people.
so now ever since then when you drive into the city most people keep their doors locked while they're in the car until they get down there and once you've reached the
This reduction of the coronary risk is much higher than Mediterranean diet or exercise (odds ratio = 0.89, p < 0.05) achieve alone in this group of people.
However, obese people given injections of the hormone leptin in a study lost weight proportionate to dosage and lost fat cells only (25 percent of weight loss from diet and exercise is bone and muscle).
And so finally, somebody apparently told, that these people were passing for white, and Granny came to visit them at their house, and they were gone, because they had to get out of town really quickly.
The Sydney Opera House is another world-famous building that, at least outside Australia, relatively few people have seen first-hand.
Though most of its people claim descent from the ancient Egyptians, modern religious practices and social protocols are totally divorced from those of their ancestors.
When you support United Way, you can be sure your investment is used prudently: 90 cents of every dollar raised go directly to programs and services that help people in need here in central Indiana.
oh for example crime i mentioned crime against immigrants is is a severe problem because the people that came from the southeast Asian countries don't want to call the police
"It's a serious problem when four out of five low-income people in Texas arrive at the courthouse door and essentially discover they cannot afford the price of admission," says Mauricio Vivero, LSC vice president. "
Today—as English-speaking people in all parts of the world should be aware—there are several distinct dialects in American English.
I think that maybe in the northeast you would find maybe things to be more hectic or people to be perhaps less friendly, but I think it pretty much depends on who you are and where you are and the kind of person you are as, as to whether or not you, you know, make friends easily or whether, you know, you actually put people off.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the earth.
Sunday evenings in particular — the traditional evening for a family stroll — are perfect for people watching.
you know i mean it's it's silly that these that these people are handcuffed when it comes to discipline
The PAPD Chief and several other PAPD officers began ascending a stairwell in order to reach the Windows on the World restaurant on the 106th floor, from which calls had been made to the PAPD police desk reporting at least 100 people trapped.
At the crucial moment when they make their choices, many of these people honestly believe that money--beyond the cost of upper-middle-class comfort--is not all that important to them, and most of them may turn out to be right.
These are dead people that are--
The People 
Centuries before the arrival of Columbus, a peaceful Amerindian people who called themselves the Luccucairi had settled in the Bahamas.
too many the problem with with right now is that we've got too many different health insurances that people have to go through and and i think that i think you you mentioned Canada i think that they have a system where uh
"One of the most inspiring aspects of my work is the people around me," Case said. "
Merengue is terrific music, too, but when, half a century ago, Trujillo ordered that sound systems be set up to play it all over the Dominican Republic, it wasn't to "uplift" people but to render them passive.
But, uh, Audra State Park was a fun place, we would get on our bicycles and in our teenage years before we could drive and that was a good 10-11 miles over hill and dale to get there and we would definitely ride our bikes there and spend the day, even walk, uh hitch hike, and walk the railroad tracks which cut the distance down considerably, just to, uh, spend a day in the water and, uh, hunting, uh, you know, exploring, and uh, just enjoying seeing new people and different people you never saw before.
We are not informed of the task that matters until the concluding two clauses of the address: that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom, and that government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the earth.
While at La Guancha you may see groups of people across the narrow bay staring down into the water.
In 1997 The United Way of Central Indiana generously assisted us with 25% of our budgetary needs; government and other foundation grants made up an additional 23%; and program fees and contribution from people like you provided the other 52%.
brought in a whole new set of uh requirements on inspections and things like that for cars because uh people just don't use mass transit and stuff in Dallas everybody loves their car and
At the same time, life-threatening infectious diseases such as tuberculosis and malaria continue to affect billions of people, and a rapidly escalating HIV/AIDS pandemic now kills more than 8,300 people each day [1].
Caddo bidai brushwood people > Bidai
She explained a story about a group of people from work and I think maybe they'd even rented a van, um, and were making the rounds, I can't remember all the details of it, but she said, "and I thought maybe you'd want to go," and she added this cleverly, "unless you're seeing someone else."
The cay is small enough to explore on foot but most people choose to rent a golf cart or bicycle (your hotel can make the arrangements).
In short, we all have a major stake in promoting responsible behavior among our young people.
that is a shame you'd think there would be enough uh people who saw the accident other than his wife
Even after we hire good people, we need to take steps to retain them.
Perhaps because the world changes so rapidly that for many people, the real roots no longer exist.
Are you going to buy any gifts for people or make anything?
It is thought that people with “weak blood,” sangre liviana, are more susceptible to receiving mal ojo.
Some stretches of sand are so magnificent and the water so warm, it’s hard to believe that they were ignored for so long by the Balinese people, who have traditionally turned away from the sea.
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work.
Each year, we help thousands of people who face tremendous obstacles.
The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care, transportation and child care -problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities, illiteracy and lack of job skills.
Right now, there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves.
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill's help.
Goodwill finds jobs for people with mental and physical disabilities.
Goodwill helps people get off of public assistance.
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success.
On his way home, he shares the story with four people at a street corner.
A real difference in people's lives -- in all of our lives.
We've helped people break free of the welfare cycle.
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from working: physical and mental disabilities, history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self-esteem.
Many people need our help.
Every year, thousands of people come to Goodwill.
Your gift will help give new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason to use the word.
We help people train for and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare.
While the debate on welfare reform is gathering like a storm at sea, the people who need jobs are floundering.
With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana, many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment.
But Goodwill offers hope even to people with numerous obstacles to overcome, like Jerry.
What kind of people benefit by your contribution to Pleasant Run Children's Homes?
Federal, state and local governments are freezing or withdrawing much-needed funding sources for people who are truly in need.
And that's from kids many people see as a problem.
Question What do you get in 987,165 hours with 291people in 15 locations?
In 1998, MCCOY, Inc. led two efforts that, we believe, will help our community continue to take the steps necessary to help all young people grow up and develop well.
As a provider of youth services, MCCOY, Inc. is here to support your valuable efforts to develop young people.
One, IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long.
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
As a team, these three organizations are working with neighborhood youth and adults to build a "Caring Neighborhood with Youth" , mobilizing the assets of young people and adults as partners to build a better neighborhood for all.
---- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all Marion County young people.
When young people don't have that support, they need other resources for encouragement to guide them along the way.
Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers, these young people are self-confident, believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential.
Over 170 young people are still waiting for a mentor.
Will you make a financial gift to Big Sisters in 1999 that will ensure that more young people receive the guidance they need, that more young people stay in school, stay off drugs and make good choices?
The Journal editorial page continues not to acknowledge that Norma Kelsey, the friend and employee to Juanita Broaddrick who is one of two people partially corroborating Broaddrick's rape accusation, is the daughter of a man whose murderer was pardoned by Gov.
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire's grip on humanity.
The NYT reports that today's issue of the journal Science will describe an experiment in which people's biological clocks were reset three hours by shining a bright light on the back of their knees.
Nobody will believe you and people will think you're scum."
Clarke told us, "I asked the FBI, Dale Watson . . . to handle that, to check to see if that was all right with them, to see if they wanted access to any of these people, and to get back to me.
Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917, supporting the idea of a Jewish “national home” in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non-Jewish people already living there.
It is no wonder, therefore, that the Declaration of Independence would assert that the American people were equally entitled, with all other nations, to determine their form of government.
The morality of not killing becomes an aspiration, a challenge for people to realize in their struggle with imperfection.
People differ in every conceivable respect—size, strength, intelligence, musical talent, beauty.
In the rhetoric of American nationalism, the metaphor of the chosen people, of the substitution of Americans for Jews, recurs as a familiar trope.
God is mentioned only as “nature’s God,” by virtue of which every people is entitled to “a separate and equal station” in the community of nations.
The Constitution recognizes no power higher than the will of “We the People.”
Black imagines these words coupled with the language of the Ninth Amendment, which implies an unspecified catalogue of rights “retained by the people.”
And also at this theater, they gave prizes to different people.
And they'd take the picture and then you would go back the next Saturday after they had been developed and they would have circled 3 or 4 people in the picture and the people whose head was circled would get the prizes.
And my brothers and myself were not the only people that did this; all the kids that would go to the movie knew to do this.
And there was a scene in the movie I remember where every one of us, and it wasn't just our group, but so many people in the theatre, they screamed out at one time.
Her, let's see, her mother's family were wealthy people at one time.
some people do i know
it really is uh the only problem i have with gun control is that they the radicals wanna ban all kinds of weapons and then the only people carrying guns are gonna be be the people who are gonna kill you anyway
people that are uh criminals are the ones that are gonna get them and then you have no defense against these people when they do come into your house or something
i think they ought to teach people how to shoot them too how to take care of one how to act around one when they buy them
oh yeah they do they get real emotional about it all the i've worked with a lot of people that hunt and they just they they don't see any sense in it at all
i think a law should be passed to where any of these people i think it's great that you know freedom of speech in this country and everything
yeah that's true living in an apartment complex though you know you can't um you can't really stop those people from coming around even though they put up signs out front that says no solicitations
and i don't know i just um i just don't particularly care for that at all and that that's one thing that i feel really strongly about though is uh you know people coming up to my door especially religious organizations
wonder if there'd be some way we could get these people that do this get their names their addresses and their phone numbers and then reverse it and do well that would be technically illegal it'd be harassment
and i thought yeah that that kind of touched a nerve right there but we got uh we got to talking about the um uh people coming to you at the front door
yeah i've uh worked with a couple of people who have owned uh various years uh Mercedes and
every once in a while i i like to go on the nights when there's not anybody out there not very many people out there it's a lot more fun when you're not fighting a crowd
They're just regular people.
But having said that, the concern that I have is that there is a precedent being set in the counties that these people otherwise work.
That they were going to have Of Pandas and People in the classroom as a supplemental text to the biology book.
In fact, one of the issues in this case is this book Of Pandas and People.
I did talk to people in the district, other people in the district.
People that I work with, other people in the district.
Now, the book Of Pandas and People, you don't mind that book being in the library, do you?
Your Honor, my memory, if it serves me correct, Mr. Rehm testified that they had reached a compromise with some of the board members that they were going to allow the book Of Pandas and People in the science classroom.
And so at the time when Max was speaking -- I believe that there were people who spoke in between she and Max Pell.
Essentially there were a lot of people in the community who were standing and speaking at this meeting because they wanted to warn the school board that they were not in favor of any legal action coming against the community, against the school board.
She wasn't given a copy of Pandas and People, was she?
And do you understand that that modification indicated that the book Of Pandas and People would be in the library along with other resources regarding intelligent design?
In those days, people as a rule did not take much care of phonograph records.
Although Yiddish has been in danger of dying out for hundreds of years, the language is spoken today by millions of people throughout the world—Russia, Poland, Rumania, France, England, Israel, Africa, Latin America, New Zealand, Australia, Canada, and the United States, where, like the bagel, it was leavened on both coasts, in New York and Hollywood.
Most of the religions of the world connected woman with mother earth, fertility, and all the other progenetic and nurturing associations, and this was borne out in the cultures of the people.
Perhaps the Proximity people thought that they had got round that little problem by giving the same definition for each of the items in the list; but we know that only very rarely are two synonyms bi-unique (which is another way of saying that if A = B, B does not necessarily always equal A), an ineluctable fact of language.
Many people know F.H.B.
People generally seem to find dialect study interesting.
A handful might have led colorful existences, some are objects of interest because they died early, committed suicide, were related to (other) famous people, and so forth; but such information seldom reveals as much about their output as do the creations themselves, and in certain cases one is probably better off not knowing quite so much.
I would think that the words grand and stretch would be known to more people than two of the words the author gives as being familiar ( chippy and hootch ).
There is a much-quoted saying, attributed to the epidemiologist Geoffrey Rose: “A large number of people exposed to a small risk may generate many more cases than a small number exposed to a very high risk.”
Iraq Lodges Protest with United Nations Concerning British and American Raids Baghdad 8-15 (AFP) - Iraq protested strongly to the United Nations against American and British air raids which targeted civilian installations in southern Iraq, killing two people and injuring 23 others according to a report by the official Iraqi news agency today, Tuesday.
there's a percentage certain percentage of the people there with sixty percent of the people uh seventy percent of the people said hey
there's a percentage certain percentage of the people there with sixty percent of the people uh seventy percent of the people said hey
and the victims you know the family of these people that have been murdered they just have to have it dragged on for years and years before they ever get any resolution
and i don't know how much they're getting just a jury of their peers at that point they're really getting a select group it's not just random people
oh they'd have to move it to Taiwan for people not to know about it practically
And so, you know, if one person wants you to be the opposite of another person, I mean, who are you really when you please, when you are trying to please both people, you know?
Published before or during the festivities of Día de los Muertos, these calaveras carried poems that poked fun at socially prominent people such as politicians and the very wealthy.
For years, ambitious French people saw Paris as the only place to make their fortune, and so people from every region of France — with every local cuisine to feed them — are represented in the metropolis.
Young people are exposed daily to violence, pornography, and other unwholesome influences over the internet.
And nobody but, you know, people say they're indifferent or whatever, but not really, it's just that it's a whole different lifestyle!
Some people use the word limpieza instead of limpia, but the significance is the same.
People travel from afar to sift through the offerings of used kimono, antique furniture and ceramics, antique scrolls, crafts, food, household items, and countless other categories of bric-a-brac and sundries, paying prices ranging from the reasonable to the outrageous.
And there was other people out there, I didn't know anybody except for Sandra and Glenn.
Del Castillo believes that Doña Marina was following her religious faith and belief in a godly force, the prophecies of Quetzalcoatl, and did not think she was betraying her people.
Below are the greens and fairways of the Princess’s executive golf course, always busy with people enjoying a round.
People here at the school have asked for the opportunity to support students and recognize his good work by participating in the Steven L. Bricker Scholarship Endowment.
Um, we had a lot of good speakers and we had representation from uh, a large number of different ethnic groups, and uh, this proved to be very beneficial, and the most important thing to me was while I was there I read in the library a, a book that listed scholarships that have been listed and given out by the ( ) Foundation, and they listed uh, a couple of people who were on Michigan State's campus as uh, individuals who had served as readers for uh, the proposals that were sent.
We look at an old building and ask ourselves, “What on earth were those people thinking of?”
Many of the men who benefited were absentee landlords who needed people to manage the land for them.
They can change the tone of people's voice yes.
In parts of Mexico some people may call it panza, which is a slang word for “stomach.”
Guangzhou, like Hong Kong, is primarily Cantonese-speaking, but many people also speak Mandarin.
With the support of people like you, the ill School of Dentistry has funded scholarships for deserving students, research and professional development opportunities for faculty, and a computer network for the entire school.
You can tell enough of the story for people to understand without, um, mashing your face in it, so to speak.
Her appearance was crucial in restoring dignity and humanity to a conquered people.
In the past, native peoples moved around the Subarctic in small bands, with leaders not institutionalized in a sacred or hereditary role, but chosen very pragmatically for specific hunting skills or on-the-spot organizing abilities.
Yeah the family is big enough and the city is small enough I think that you would run into a decent number of people who would know a Jamieson or two.
7 By accentuating the term “nation,” Lincoln sets himself at odds with the first preamble’s invocation of “We the People” as the source of all legitimacy.
The national language of Hindi is spoken by less than the majority, and English, for which the government has a permanent program of modernization, is spoken by just 3 percent of the people, mostly in the largest cities.
What happens when people are living on the edge -- barely able to survive –- and an unexpected emergency arises?
It sounds simple breaking your hip but you just, it is, I, I'm sure, you know, older people who've had that happen to them, you get into the hospital and you end up catching an infection or something like that from somebody else and your immune system is kind of weakened and she just, um, um, didn't make it unfortunately.
La Raza is used by Chicanos because they identify as mestizo people and see themselves as members of a special race, a group of people with a distinct heritage and destiny.
First, the earthquake of 1923 and subsequent fire razed nearly all vestiges of old Edo, killing some 140,000 people in the process.
I started offering free consulting advice and helped 10-20 people the first year."
And, and years later we ended up living in the place where that took place and the, uh, and it was not something that was, uh, not a subject that people liked to talk about because many of the people in town knew the young man who was charged with that murder.
La Raza (The People)
Perhaps North Africans and eastern Europeans peopled the Ligurian coast, while the Adriatic and south may have been settled by people from the Balkans and Asia Minor.
Would it surprise you to learn that some important people like Rembrandt, Rodin, Rubens, Seurat, Picasso, Cezanne, Van Gogh, and O'Keeffe, rely on your support of the museum's Annual Operating Campaign?
And where they all come down and turn around, it's like these people all have scheduled show times, you know?
The freedom to choose any form of domestic arrangement one wants should prevail against the state’s concern to protect people against their own potentially bad choices.
Fur-trading coureurs de bois settled down with Indian wives, and today more than a few Québécois proudly trace their ancestry back to native peoples with a tell-tale birthmark on the hip, high cheekbones, or long sleek black hair.
And I met some interesting people there, and, um, D'Angelo was probably one of the most interesting people that I met there and just, just one of the most down to earth artists that I, I have met in the industry.
It became a well-known place to go, and people spoke of going a los burritos (to the burritos) when they wanted tacos of that kind.
No people more joyfully live up to their legendary image than the Italians.
So NWA and some of the other Dr. Dre, and just some other people that were kind of involved in that.
If any people should be able to consent to their government, then the Americans, too, enjoyed that fundamental right.
Take the métro to Rambuteau and start at the corner of the Rue des Archives and Rue des Francs-Bourgeois, named after the poor people who were al­lowed to live here tax-free during the 14th century.
Having served thousands, the .dba is recognized as one of the nation's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with disabilities.
But then like, I know people like that and they're people just like anybody else is.
We want our art either out in the streets or in places where a lot of people go each day, the hospitals, health centers, clinics, restaurants, and other public places” (Cockcroft, Weber, and Cockcroft, 107).
During the annual festival (31 October through 3 November) and on New Year’s Day, as many as a million people will come to offer prayers and pay their respects.
Indiana University School of Dentistry and People's Health Center are pleased to announce a program that will positively affect the oral health care needs of the underserved while providing a significant educational opportunity for future dental practitioners.
There are only 5,000 people there, and in the 50's it was a great place to grow up.
In a speech he gave in Trenton, New Jersey in 1861, he referred to the American people as “His almost chosen people.”
Stone throwing and petrol bombing were early weapons, but subsequently the Palestinian Fundamentalist movement Hamas took to other forms of anti-Jewish violence, such as the 1994 suicide bombing of a Tel Aviv bus which resulted in the death of 22 people.
Any gift you can send is appreciated and will be put to good use helping people who really need help right here in central Indiana.
So the guy comes back in, and I'm like, "If he's coming for me I'm about to be really upset with these people.
Although most people would describe this house as “traditional,” this is not an exercise in a particular historical style.
He knew that it could provide the people of Jamestown with enough food to save them from further hardship.
ALL OF THESE PEOPLE RECEIVED MUCH-NEEDED HELP, BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU GAVE TO UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA.
And the answer to a lot of those people was not a chance in hell.
The argument here is that indulgence in evil—slavery, mass killing, persecution—must first issue in the suffering of the people.
Israel is facing major decisions about the nature of its democracy, about the relationships between the many peoples who live here, and also about hopes for the country’s reconciliation with its neighbors in the Middle East.
You're investing in people, as well.
People, people would look at us and know we were different, so they would treat us different.
Because the textile industry has become so capital intensive, there are fewer jobs than in the past—but the people who remain are, on average, paid more than apparel workers; some lower-skill jobs, such as the picker tender opening bales of fiber, have now been automated out of existence.
The parliamentary home of Wilhelminian and Weimar Germany displays the proud dedication Dem deutschen Volke (To the German People) on a Neo-Classical façade built in 1894 by Paul Wallot.
Yeah, it did because I know people from Charlotte now that went to like, not to slam Providence because I like a lot of those people, but they like have like so many like stereotypes of people because they don't know anybody.
It is often in the performance of highly charged personal rituals that people create folklore, folk art, and folk music.
The people are a distinct race: they have a unique, ancient heritage and a passionate folklore all their own.
And I, uh, too often, much too often, see people, um, feeling superior somehow because they don't read, they don't think, they don't experience other ideas.
Yet, the Constitution of 1787 studiously avoids any word suggestive of a power higher than the will of the people.
Many people visit the Algarve by flying into Lisbon and driving to the southern coast.
But because of the compassion and generosity shown by Habitat partners like you, Wanda's prayers were suddenly answered - she was approved for a Habitat house -the kind of miracle that people who grow up in Wanda's world never seriously hope for, let alone expect.
And only a minority, I guess, are Southerners and uh my friends here are, tend to be people from other places as well and rather than, rather than, ah, Southerners or Charlotteans, so I don't, ah, I'm not although when I'm in the store and when I'm out and about in other places yeah I hear the Southern accent but I don't I think my speech patterns are probably pretty much set at this point and, and I don't think I'm picking anything up.
There is no mention at Gettysburg of the requirement that the people consent to their government and that they should have the right to withdraw consent when unsatisfied.
We may not have had everything that we wanted or we'd seen other people have, but she made sure we had the necessary things that we needed.
Especially when we first started dating and you didn't necessarily have the most reliable car of the people in NC.
Limón and Herrera-Sobek discuss versions of the tale circulating in nightclubs and discotheques among urbanized young people.
The Chinese people have been described as hardworking and pragmatic, attitudes that have contributed to Hong Kong’s success.
Here are some quotes from people whose lives were touched by United Way agencies last year:
Yeah, it did because I know people from Charlotte now that went to like, not to slam Providence because I like a lot of those people, but they like have like so many like stereotypes of people because they don't know anybody.
When most people think of apparel design, they see fashion designers and models on runways.
The townships that comprise the modern Mitte district grew up around market places over which the people’s churches, the Nikolaikirche and Marienkirche, still tower today.
By investing in the community through this partnership, you can help more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year.
Yeah, it did because I know people from Charlotte now that went to like, not to slam Providence because I like a lot of those people, but they like have like so many like stereotypes of people because they don't know anybody.
But if “any form of government” should be perceived as “destructive” toward these ends, then the people that originally gave their consent are entitled to withdraw it.
Through your financial support, you've already demonstrated that you want to help genuinely needy people begin anew.
I've always had, had an interest in history, so it was a chance to learn more about people.
He was well liked and depended on the local people to hide him from the posses that were continually after him.
During the summer, beside the flight of steps carrying people up to the Mound, you will find the Floral Clock.
Make people self-sufficient.
What kinds of people?
This restriction reinforces the notion of the imperial family as living descendents and representatives of the gods — despite the emperor’s renunciation of divinity announced as one of the terms of surrender at the end of World War II (when some people literally fainted upon hearing the emperor’s voice on the radio for the first time).
Some people think that storytelling in our culture is, is uh vanishing, because of television and computerized games and email and so many other things that keep people from sharing stories and taking the time to read.
The rural nature of many Mexicano communities meant that often a priest or official church clergy was absent, so popular religiosity or folk religious practices developed among the strong spiritual people.
British social customs are still evident in the kind of polite service you get in hotels and in the long lines of people waiting for buses at rush hour.
Needless to say, this is a must if we are going to continue to offer a top-notch education to our young people.
And the French people tried to attack him because he was, um, because he was in Germany.
This is a punishable act in Germany, France, Israel, the Netherlands, Canada—just about everywhere where people believe that the government must intervene in order to protect those who might be disturbed and offended by the obscene lie.
Cavorting mulatta dancers in sparkling G-strings and pairs of strategically placed stars may not be most peoples’ image of socialist doctrine — but this is Caribbean communism.
They provide scholarship dollars which aid students and enable the school to compete with other public and private law schools for outstanding young people.
This is stuff that's totally, "whoo," over the mountain and people just, Welsh is a dead language.
Each people of common history and language constitutes a nation, and the natural form for the nation’s survival was in a state structure.
Amsterdam became a mecca for counter-culture groups such as hippies, who were drawn by the well-known open-mindedness of the people.
I hope that you agree that the Indianapolis Zoological Society enhances this community and helps to make it a safe and happy environment for people to live, work and raise families.
When you think back to when you were younger and people were telling stories to you and reading stories to you, um, it sounds like the time you spent with your cousins and with your family when all this was happening is a time in your life that you remember real fondly?
Their rights derived, if from anyplace, from universal principles governing the free market and dignity of working people.
Around 2,000 people in the region are employed crafting wicker furniture, hats, trays, decorative deer, and about anything you can imagine in wicker.
People like Gloria, who was able to beat breast cancer thanks to the mammography early detection program at the Little Red Door Cancer Agency.
In some things so people just choose not to tell stories it seems that as soon as, uh, the new nation is was established, everything should take a new look and--
This trust makes sense—despite the surveys in which people report distrust—on the assumption that the nation chooses to cooperate in the ascendancy of the government as the watchdog of equality and popular democracy.
In an era of seemingly perpetual ethnic hostilities, Malaysia can be proud of a unique achievement — the coexistence of the three most prominent peoples of Asia: Malays (mostly Muslim), Chinese (mostly Buddhist), and Indians (many Hindu).
And, you know what I'm saying, so then on, you know what I'm saying, just like I said, you had people looking for the people with the black hat and then anybody that came in our neighborhood: we would just razz them.
For the nation to express itself as “government of the people,” it must first come into being.
For a people so fiercely proud of their identity, the French are a rich mixture.
You can help people reach their dreams of reading and learning by making a contribution to Indy Reads.
I'm serious, you know, so, but it let us, you know, where we at I dealt with shit like that to the present day, you know what I'm saying, from different people, different sides of the spectrum.
Over and over again, we find states indulging in total war, terror, genocide, and the mass killing of their own people, and then turning to the legal culture in the hope that they can atone for the iniquity and live once again as a civilized nation.
Cafés are perfect spots to wile away the sunny hours over coffee or beer or to meet local Bai people as well as other travelers.
People like 74-year-old Margaret, who keeps active by playing bridge and taking classes in Spanish, aerobics and sewing at Heritage Place.
How about stories, that uh, you didn't read or weren't read to you, but stories, you know how people come up with stories, I mean, is there any, were there any particular stories that people told you that you really liked hearing when you were growing up?
Almost nothing in this memorable space—the gilded Art Deco chandeliers, the travertine walls, the massive Corinthian columns at each end—was a product of its rather mundane function: to provide a waiting space for people, before they descended the staircases that led to the platforms below.
As you walk you’ll pass through the Municipal Market area of Athens where the streets buzz with constant activity; goods spill out onto walls and alleyways; and people throng the sidewalks.
For some people, learning to read has been a lifelong dream.
But, uh, Audra State Park was a fun place, we would get on our bicycles and in our teenage years before we could drive and that was a good 10-11 miles over hill and dale to get there and we would definitely ride our bikes there and spend the day, even walk, uh hitch hike, and walk the railroad tracks which cut the distance down considerably, just to, uh, spend a day in the water and, uh, hunting, uh, you know, exploring, and uh, just enjoying seeing new people and different people you never saw before.
Spaniards and the clergy were allowed to be buried in the missionary churches, whereas the mestizos (people of mixed race) and Indians were buried in the camposanto located in front or to the right of the church.
But this wealth of earnest achievement doesn’t mean that the people lack verve or the ability to enjoy themselves.
Unfortunately, um, at least like with managers and producers and, and other, I guess, industry executives or industry people and other people that really could make decisions about things, when they're in the studio working with somebody else that's what they focus on.
•Formentera, for its part, boasts fewer people and some of the most enticing sandy beaches, to say nothing of windsurfing and scuba diving that can’t be bettered in the Balearics.
Your donation of $25, $50, $125, $250 or more will help us remain a steady source of assistance for people like Ted.
Yeah, yeah because some of, like my aunt who just died was a bookkeeper who worked at a lot of local businesses and was extremely gregarious, so I think she was probably on a first name basis with a awful lot of the people who shopped downtown or whoever went downtown she was she lived there all her life and just knew a lot of people and they sort of come out of that kind of, that Irish tradition like everybody's your friend, everybody's your neighbor and even people that, ah should be fairly casually, she'd greet those people by name and know a little bit about them, ah, and so yeah she's, ah, and my cousin, one of my cousins, has a couple of businesses in town and I think is relatively well-known is on some sort of city board, or something like that.
Buying jeans is based on both style and fit; for many people this means trying on several different brands and finally making compromises.
But the Québécois understood the importance of learning from the native peoples how best to handle the Canadian wilderness.
So if we don't, people have different tendency of churches and religions, Judaism, Hinduism, ( ), Christianity and then you have Atheist.
We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
At night the streets are crowded with people bent on having a good time.
Your gift matters to all kinds of people.
And so you know, eventually, you know, you know, they kept asking people around, and nobody knew where they were, and eventually, you know, they just reconciled themselves that they just wouldn't see Joe again.
Many people can’t visit Edinburgh without spending a little time enjoying a glass of beer in a pub.
And it got even more confusing when my cousins got older and would bring girlfriends or boyfriends or spouses who I never met before to, oh, the reunions and it all just, ah, so, it's still, uh, these days, I was at one about two years ago a reunion and there are still about 75 to 80 people who show up consistently every year although it's, it's a different group of people they'll be, you know, there's a group of maybe 20 or 25 who don't come to every reunion like me but there'll be a different 20 or 25 in there.
Duendes are very common in Chicano folktales, and many people still believe in them.
Audience participation is at fever pitch, with people yelling as their personal heroes enter: “We’ve waited for you! ”
Few people are fortunate enough to be able to pinpoint life-changing events.
That is, a government of all the people, by all the people, for all the people; of course, a government of the principles of eternal justice, the unchanging law of God.
A city of over a million people, rich in historic and cultural monuments, it also offers some educational outings.
But the one thing about it was that my great grandmother, who was a very strong woman, knew, OK, knew that all these people, all these people depended on my grandfather for different things, and, um, even when times were really bad my grandfather would great grandfather would help you know some of these really poor people out and there was this one couple this one guy who was just a really hard worker really nice person but he was having a really hard time and so my grand great grandmother and my great grandfather took a great big, anonymously took a great, big basket of food to their door and he knew that they would never take this stuff from anyone that they knew was one of those real proud people and so they took it like late at night and right before they put it down, my grandmother, my grandfather slipped 50 bucks, which was a lot of money back in those days, into the basket.
The affiliation with Aztlán also reaffirms the Chicanos’ identity as mestizos (people of mixed ancestry), as members of the indigenous population of the New World.
That, however, paints a misleading picture; the scenery, the people, their culture, and religion are all too different.
And you, and you also have a, a government, um, who are, are really ready to take that challenge as opposed to just deciding that, "Hey, listen we're gonna do things the way we've done it for the last, you know, 100 years, whether new people come or need services or ask for amenities or not, we're going to keep things the way they are."
The regime changes, but the people are, after all, the same.
Ever since 1957, the biannual Canton Trade Fair has attracted throngs of international business people.
When you give to United Way, you can rest assured that your gift will be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here at home.
I think, uh, Fourth of July was my last day there in 1998, maybe '99, but it was fun while it lasted, you know, it was a lot of cool experiences, got to meet a lot of interesting people, um, got exposed to what I thought I might want to do, it, and decided that I didn't really want to do it, so, I guess, uh, it was a learning experience and one I don't have any regrets about it, but it was a lot of fun and--
That is, a government of all the people, by all the people, for all the people; of course, a government of the principles of eternal justice, the unchanging law of God.
It brings together finds from sites all across the island and from every era of Crete’s long ancient history, shedding light on the everyday activities of its people.
"Because they're going to set up a committee," he said to me, "so that when those big battalions," he said to me, "of guerrillas arrive, these people attend, for example, the president is going to talk to the rest so that they all get food together for them.
They were now, in fact, servants of their people.
Most people take the regular flights from Aswan to Abu Simbel—around 50 minutes—but the four-hour overland route offers a fascinating insight into life away from the big tourist towns of Egypt if you have more time.
The people of Batavia on the Hopi Reservation in northern Arizona were motivated by their desire to rekindle traditional cultural values among younger generations when, with the help of Futures for Children, they decided to restore traditional terrace gardens at the edge of their village -gardens that had been abandoned for decades.
So many people didn't want to \\ let their history be known.
When the representatives of the colonies “pledged their sacred honor” in July 1776 to a document that included the words “All men are created equal,” they may merely have intended to stress the equality of all “collective” peoples: the new Americans had as much right to choose their form of government as did the British.
Under his administration, emphasis was placed on improving the status and position of the Malays and “other indigenous peoples. ”
Connecting through People Over one million visitors are expected to tour the grounds of the Indianapolis Zoological Society in 1999.
Five people.
Once past the first steps, these systems let designers drape fabric patterns on sketches or photographs of people on the computer screen.
The climate is perfect, the beaches are beautiful, the revitalized downtown area is lively, and the number and range of activities for people of all ages is impressive.
If you decide to continue, as I hope you will, you will be joining over 500,000 of the most concerned, interesting, and informed people on the face of this struggling Earth.
There is a book I've heard individuals lecture upon and I've read some of it myself, Why do Bad Things Happen to Good People?
Abraham Lincoln readily saw himself in the image of Moses leading his people out of bondage into the realm of freedom.
To keep the gods happy, the people offered sacrifices at their great pyramid temples.
We need your continued faith, involvement, and support as we strive to make the Indianapolis Zoo a place where animals, plants, and people are connected.
That same while that I was there at my brother's, we went to look for, the people who owned land, to see if they would give me, pasture land for the animals.
The gift that is bestowed on her is the ability to see “to the heart of things,” and the woman is instructed to use the gift for the good of the people of San Antonio and of Texas.
But there’s a fascinating reality “North of 60,” as locals call the territories above the 60° latitude, ignored until recently by everybody but the Inuit and other native people who live there, plus a few explorers and miners.
We put the little fellow in an indoor cage and fed it for about a day until we noticed that it was getting entirely too attuned to people, peeping a little greeting whenever someone passed his cage.
The uh neighborhood she lived in was very uh quiet mostly older people and uh we used to go around the neighborhood and visit a lot of her old friends.
Now, in place of the people appears the nation, a term that with its connection to birth (nasci, Latin for “to be born”) suggests a conception of the American people that extends over generations—reaching back to the founding eighty-seven years before and encompassing those who will survive the war and flourish in its aftermath.
Their religion dates as far back as the seventh century b.c. , when their prophet Zoroaster contrasted his peaceful and sedentary People of Righteousness with the polytheistic nomadic People of Evil.
Here are some quotes from people who have been helped by United Way of Central Indiana agencies:
It used to be when you could come here that uh, that still the people who were native to Charlotte or to the South were the greatest number of the population.
Lightning was used to split open the mountain to bring the corn to the people.
Radio-carbon dating on the lowest portions of the walls (sent tumbling by the horns of Joshua in 1200 b.c. — Joshua 6:20) indicates that there was a settlement of some 3,000 people at this spot as long ago as 7800 b.c.
In my years of working with The Salvation Army, I've seen grace transform the lives of many people.
And the people saw him and so they shot a bullet through the dead person and it, um, it went through his mouth and, but it didn't break any of his teeth or break his jaw, it just went through his mouth and he didn't make a sound.
To bring about parity between these two classes—the protected citizens of other states and the unprotected citizens of one’s own state—the concept of U.S. citizenship should protect people against the actions of their own states.
The people were at first cool to the war, despite the jingoism of flashy aristocratic aesthete and author Gabriele D’Annunzio and his friend, an ex-socialist newspaperman named Benito Mussolini.
So I would go out and see my second cousins, not my first cousins because they were all old people as far as I was concerned.
And quoting from the language of Chief Justice Taney in another case, it is said “that for all the great purposes for which the Federal government was established, we are one people, with one common country, we are all citizens of the United States.
India has always been a melange of peoples.
We hope that you will consider a personal gift to help us reach as many of our young people as possible.
And a lot more things have come up since then for people to do.
Reading this passionate language today, we can grasp the way so many people felt about the principles of “abstract justice” favoring the butchers.
The resort of Agia Marina is 15 km (9 miles) from the town on the west coast and has a good child-friendly beach, and most people make a trip to the nearby fifth century b.c.
All the people during that period, the 50's.
As there are no beaches near the town, many people stay in resorts west of Chaniá and travel in for the day.
Well I was always interested in biography as a kid, um, so I guess because they told me about things, people, personalities.
Her legend has been recited for over 300 years, and in contemporary times she is still believed to be wandering the streets in large cities, as well as in the small towns of the Southwest where numerous people report encounters with her.
The Greek Islands and Their People
Your one gift to United Way of Central Indiana supports 82 human service agencies that help people right here in central Indiana.
But as far as the people goes, people in Robinsville are much friendlier.
The Act named seventeen people who were entitled to exercise the privileges of the incorporated company, and, further, it imposed fines for every violation of the patent.
They were the first victims in a guerrilla war launched from jungle enclaves by communist rebels using the arms caches left there by the disbanded Malayan People’s Anti-Japanese Army.
And you probably also have a keen appreciation for the role of the oral tradition in bringing people together from diverse cultures, nationalities and religions--bridging the gap between our differences and helping to foster peace instead of conflict and misunderstanding.
It must've been Thanksgiving, this meal for all these people and that she didn't know, and some of them she did know, and the lady said, well she said, well, what happened was several years back when she in her husband were having such a horrible time one night, they got a great big basket of food that had 50 dollars in it.
People started voting and expressing themselves as the voice of the nation.
Most of the remains seen at the site today constitute the second palace built following the disaster which also coincided with a Golden Age of Minoan society or the New Palace era — 1700 b.c., when the people were rich through trade, and artistic endeavor was at its peak.
Your gift to the Annual Operating Campaign helps to offset costs associated with presenting art that educates and inspires all people of central Indiana.
There's other people coming in and they were waiting on flights, and, you know--.
The rascuaches are the downtrodden, the lowly people, persona que no vale nada (person that is worth nothing).
The people are still mainly British in origin, most of them Scottish.
But this wonderful new building, with its 21st Century computer resources will need the continued involvement of many friends like you --people who understand that a library is more than bricks, mortar, and good architecture.
So they took me to the hospital room, and I'm going nuts people are having to hold me down while they pull as, asphalt out of my chin--
Yet, economic and social conditions can also lead people to enter into socially and economically oppressive relationships, abusive marriages, and postures of dependence on drugs and alcohol.
The three-dimensional disaster is estimated to have killed between 15,000 and 60,000 people — a trajedy of immense proportions.
The board and staff of Civic Theatre believe that the future of the arts is in the hands of these little people, and we strive to insure the future of live theatre with programs like the Holiday Family Production, the Student Matinee Series, the Young Adult Summer Musical, Junior Civic programs and Kid Connection.
I mean because, I like to read about people's real lives.
The fact that people are influenced by others or their economic and emotional needs is, in itself, morally neutral, but the results can vary widely.
Located along Taijichang Dajie (the former Customs Street), directly south of Dongchang’an Jie (Chang’an Avenue East), are the old Austrian Legation (now the Institute of International Studies), the Italian Legation (now the Chinese People’s Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries), the private Peking Club (now the Beijing People’s Congress), and the French Legation and French Barracks (now the offices of the Chinese Workers Union).
These are people who share your dedication who never close the door on their commitment to philanthropy at the end of each working day.
And "ill" to me that is when you're sick, but people here say, "Well, I was just really ill," which means they were upset or angry or something like that.
Fear that being linked to a particular style is to be put in a box—like most creative people, architects dislike being categorized.
There’s something in the intricacy of its arcane rules and controlled passion that appeals to the Indian people.
You made very good money for people during that time too.
In Chicano culture a person who turns his back on his people is call a malinchero or, if it’s a woman who has betrayed her community, a malinche.
More than 500 people were killed and many buildings damaged — you can see the bullet holes on the General Post Office building, and the Royal College of Surgeons — before the Rising was put down.
Help People Become Self-Sufficient -- offer shelter for homeless families, disaster relief, employment & training, neighborhood support centers & specialized transportation;
By the time I had got home from work, and so forth, it was like 11 o'clock at night and she was extremely tired, but my mom is one of these people who constantly has to go and do something, she can't sit still, it drives her crazy.
There was an “inner need” for the people to compose ballads that sang of the deeds of a man standing up for his rights, who in the process is transformed into a hero.
Throughout Indonesia, every Chinese business, marked by the flag of China, and associated in people’s minds with communism, was attacked.
Our distance-learning project can bring people together from coast to coast to talk to kids in the classroom thanks to fiber-optic technology.
That not all people are, and I don't want to put up any walls for them.
The experience of having a religion imposed on a culture is very different for the people it was imposed on, than for the people who imposed it.
“Free people of color” ran their own businesses and owned property.
I think that maybe in the northeast you would find maybe things to be more hectic or people to be perhaps less friendly, but I think it pretty much depends on who you are and where you are and the kind of person you are as, as to whether or not you, you know, make friends easily or whether, you know, you actually put people off.
The resistance to an encroaching foreign culture, the loss of political and economic power, feelings of social marginality, and the resulting conflict of cultures all contributed to the creation of folklore in the form of legends, jokes, and songs by the Chicano people.
In the early hours of 13 August 1961, East German workers and soldiers began to erect the wall that would separate East and West Berlin and change the lives of several million people for nearly 30 years.
And people began to knock on our front door and asking if we had a room to rent.
The question now was whether under a new governmental structure with Washington at its head, the individual states could nourish the principle that they were the residual source of governmental power as set forth in the Tenth Amendment, “The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.”
Few people think of the Costa del Sol as a ski resort, but skiing can be enjoyed between December and May at the Solynieve resort near Granada, 160 km (100 miles) northeast of Málaga in the Sierra Nevada.
You can help more than 200,000 people with just one gift.
Yeah, yeah because some of, like my aunt who just died was a bookkeeper who worked at a lot of local businesses and was extremely gregarious, so I think she was probably on a first name basis with a awful lot of the people who shopped downtown or whoever went downtown she was she lived there all her life and just knew a lot of people and they sort of come out of that kind of, that Irish tradition like everybody's your friend, everybody's your neighbor and even people that, ah should be fairly casually, she'd greet those people by name and know a little bit about them, ah, and so yeah she's, ah, and my cousin, one of my cousins, has a couple of businesses in town and I think is relatively well-known is on some sort of city board, or something like that.
Should we look to the people who wrote the document, to the majority who voted for it, to the states who ratified it, or to the “people” as a whole for whom these various democratic agents acted?
One was John McDonogh, who elevated conditions for the ordinary people of the city.
THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor, I will try To serve god and my country, To help people at all times, And to live by the Girl Scout Law.
Probably the biography, you know, the people and the times they lived in.
While I was writing Home, I discovered that the most useful historical sources for information about how people furnished and decorated their homes were often paintings.
Goats survive better here than people and they outnumber the human inhabitants.
People like Sophronia, who was abused by her former husband before she and her children received shelter and counseling from The Julian Center.
Of the ten succeeding amendments from the Sixteenth to the Twenty-Seventh (leaving aside the Eighteenth on Prohibition and the Twenty-First repealing the Eighteenth), seven have addressed the extension of the power of the people to choose their government.
The people of Edinburgh are often accused by their fellow Scots of lacking passion and have been labeled “prim and proper. ”
So many people need our assistance.
Are there particular stories either, either family stories that you might tell or stories about, um, you know things that have happened to people in the past?
When governmental officials try to tell people how to talk, they look slightly ridiculous.
Security forces opened fire on rioters and killed some 80 people.
I enjoy listening, uh, to people who have grown up in the area and who speak with that accent.
They as a group were equal to the people of the North, and, therefore, they could choose which form of the social contract would work for them.
Many people cannot manage to go to Italy outside the major holiday periods — Easter, July, and August.
65% of participants will indicate that since they have been coming to the YMCA, caring about other people has become more important to them.
The newspaper business recruits nationally and so the people I work with are from all over the country.
It provides a space where religious people can communicate with God, the saints, or other spiritual beings.
’ll see hill people working their terraced fields of maize (corn), barley, buckwh
That's why I believe it's important for you to hear what people outside of our ministry are saying about The Salvation Army.
Well understanding is one of the things, if I had to say that there was something underlying in my life, I've always wanted to understand, whether it was understanding people or understanding why things happen.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the earth.
With some judicious selection from among the places we suggest, you can most certainly get a pretty good feel for the country in the four weeks that most people devote to a first trip.
Make your donation today so Indy Reads can continue teaching people to read and help them achieve their dreams.
And you know, people started doing the "Kevin Talk."
Applying the traditional rule of jus soli to everyone born on American soil—except for the children of diplomats and other people “not subject to the jurisdiction” of the country—had the radical effect of eliminating family and racial history from the definition of the bond between citizen and government in the United States.
However, whether Hindu or Buddhist, the people of Nepal live their religion on a daily basis and can be seen worshipping at shrines and temples throughout the day and night.
And, uh, as I continued, I got more into actually making the music that people would, I guess, rap over and from there I hooked up with a few different people that were rappers, if you will, and, and, uh, kind of developed my own interests in actually writing words and that sort a thing.
Although some people use the better-known term cementerio, meaning “cemetery,” camposanto is a word still used in many families.
Even farther west are several impressive monuments to people and events in Israel’s history.
This can lead to a condition called imprinting, where the baby grows up thinking it is a people instead of a duck.
But the one thing about it was that my great grandmother, who was a very strong woman, knew, OK, knew that all these people, all these people depended on my grandfather for different things, and, um, even when times were really bad my grandfather would great grandfather would help you know some of these really poor people out and there was this one couple this one guy who was just a really hard worker really nice person but he was having a really hard time and so my grand great grandmother and my great grandfather took a great big, anonymously took a great, big basket of food to their door and he knew that they would never take this stuff from anyone that they knew was one of those real proud people and so they took it like late at night and right before they put it down, my grandmother, my grandfather slipped 50 bucks, which was a lot of money back in those days, into the basket.
We Need Your Help Are you seeking a worthwhile cause that really changes people's lives for the better.
They were sort of semi-factual fiction history people in the history of the country, like stories of George Washington growing up, some of the explorers of the West, Lewis and Clark, Fremont Carson, people like that.
THE EARLIEST PEOPLES
ALL OF THESE PEOPLE RECEIVED MUCH-NEEDED HELP, BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU GAVE TO UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA.
It sounds like a big loss for the community just because there was so many people and she organized the family reunions but you know at least you know you've got somebody that's going to take over and start putting that back together there.
A triadic relationship between two people and the government represents an entirely new kind of constitutional order.
Its inscription warns the Indian people against the dissidence that could upset the important national unity under his leadership: “No one shall cause division in the Order of Monks. ”
Who helps these people?
Uh, one final thing that I must mention is religion was more of an important factor in the lives of young people when I was a teenager.
Elves or leprechauns that Anthony John Campos refers to as little people, pichilingis are goblins who perform mischievous pranks.
In Tiananmen Square in Beijing on 1 October 1949, Chairman Mao Zedong proclaimed the “People’s Republic of China.”
Um, specifically, I guess, more the recording aspect and dealing with the people that you have to deal with in the music industry on a day-to-day basis in that supposedly creative environment, and, um, where to begin?
Like the décima (ten-line poetic song) and the romance (four-line song), alabados were introduced into the New World by the Franciscan padres, who taught them to the Indian people as they were teaching them the Bible and converting them to Christianity.
Hong Kong has two major racetracks as well as an intensive off-track betting system, and on weekends the ferries to Macau are crowded with people on their way to the casinos.
There are literally hundreds of medicinal herbs used by the people of northern Mexico and the U.S.
Sights worth seeing in town include the Chongqing People’s Hall, built in 1953 to serve as a 4,000-seat conference hall and hotel.
In short, the Society is about connecting animals, plants and people.
She would tell us about how the people in the community always took care of their family because they were so well respected, and they lived in a beautiful place, and people would bring them gifts because they just appreciated their presence in the community.
The people consent to government as their agent to realize these ends.
Before being given the cross in the courtyard, Jesus was presented to the people by Pilate, who said “Behold the man! ”
Serve The Elderly And Disabled -- Provide meals & visits to the homebound, as well as speech, hearing & physical therapy for people with disabilities;
What about the people that didn't do that?
If a people has not consented to their form of government, the government is not legitimate.
This is a starting and ending point for trekkers, and as such is filled with a mix of people in anxious anticipation of their impending adventure and those who have recently returned from exhausting treks.
What I got a lot of was "sorry" and "blind people can't do that".
And in the midst, is the misty flats which most people choose, and then he went on to talk about the middle road being crowded uh, the low road meeting destruction, and disappointment, tragedy.
They remind us of the way God introduces himself to Moses in the Book of Exodus: “I am the God of your father . . . So I have come down to rescue [my people] from the hand of Egypt, to bring it up from that land to a land, goodly and spacious, to a land flowing with milk and honey.
Each year in an important ceremony, the emperor plants rice in a symbolic field, reinforcing his role as the hereditary link between the Japanese people and their Shinto gods.
People like Michael, who lived as a homeless person on the banks of the White River until he was helped by Horizon House.
It, it is art and it is wonderful art and he has captured a whole era, you know, he captured people and, and people that, who you could look into their faces and you could tell everything about them.
Second were the Mexicans who continued to migrate into California during the nineteenth century, and these people, as Espinosa delicately put it, were “gente de mas baja condición y cultura” (people of a lower condition and culture) (1930, 301).
As the main classical Chinese garden in Shanghai, it is an absolute gem of landscaping and architecture, the perfect place for the local people to seek tranquillity, so conveniently offered in the heart of old Shanghai.
so i don't know in Europe there's a lot of dependency on nuclear power and they recycle the fuel and then instead of of some people are really afraid to recycle the fuel because they're afraid it could become uh bomb quality
As more and more people are kept alive with ART the treatment burden will become enormous unless effective prevention reduces the number of people becoming newly infected.
The only discrimination I think we need to address is the recent attempt by many universities to deny many people admission purely because of their race.
But as far as the people goes, people in Robinsville are much friendlier.
“People have always worn what they wanted to wear,” writes Anne Hollander, “fashion exists to keep fulfilling that desire.”
Once the daily influx of visitors begins, about mid-morning, an outrigger boat shuttles people across the outer moat to a craft display and shop.
Your gift, no matter what the size, can benefit the lives of people here in our community.
on the other hand you can go to a big university and do very well and some big universities i don't know whether Bringham Young is like this but some have a small college feel to them you don't get a lot of foreign TAs you i mean in other words that the people who teach really know how to teach
Yet the calamity at the World Trade Center that same morning included catastrophic damage 1,000 feet above the ground that instantly imperiled tens of thousands of people.
It is, mainly because the people running these companies are spending more time running them and less time thinking about how to make them bigger.
I guess they moved to South Carolina first and then my dad was transferred here, and the, so the rest of our family lives there, um, and we're the only people who live here, and it's just a total redneck town.
Thus some scholars have argued that the people of every generation retain the authority both to transform the Constitution or, if they so choose, to repeal it entirely.
Their perpetually changing coalitions hardly constituted real national government, but the people seemed to function quite well regardless.
This collaborative effort, which is scheduled to begin in August 1993, will place well- trained dental students, under the supervision of IU faculty members, in the clinic at People's Health Center to provide care to the homeless.
uh caught his interview last night with David Frost and it was the the first time i had you know heard um you know his views expressed by himself i had heard other people talk about what they thought he believed in
As our studies of private and public sector organizations have shown, high-performing organizations focus on valuing and investing in their employees--human capital--and on aligning their "people policies" to support organizational performance goals.
It's a celebration of the fall harvest and the Jewish people's life in the desert while they waited to receive the torah.
But the town of Matthews at that point said, "No," because they were afraid that all these people from other places would come in and be a part of the town government and change things.
For a small fee, people could hire a composer to write a calavera for them and draw a skeleton to go with it.
i mean i have met people that
While the sabotage of commercial aircraft, including Pan Am 103 in 1998, had claimed many lives, hijackings had also been deadly, including the 1985 hijacking of an Egypt Air flight in which 60 people were killed and 35 injured; the 1986 hijacking of Pan Am 73 in which 22 people were killed and 125 injured; and the 1996 hijacking of an Ethiopian Airlines flight in which 123 people were killed.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
Uh, this was quite helpful uh, to me and also uh, while I was there I received a grant to uh, improve minority scholars on uh, predominately minority campuses which was known as AEP, Advancement of Education of Personnel, and of course this was given out on four different campuses, Bowie, Coppin, Livingstone, and Elizabeth City State uh, colleges and maybe one or two others and we would, they would send four people in the summer for study and two would return for the winter and two would stay and by doing this uh, each person in the group was able to get in their one year residency and continue studies.
And, most important, they define who the people are who share in the constitutional vision.
Those people who might at first be reluctant to confront the omnipresence of death along the river will be impressed by the simple dignity of the funeral rites here.
In short, the Society is about connecting animals, plants and people.
you know some people are just
With that caution in mind, we asked ourselves, before we judged others, whether the insights that seem apparent now would really have been meaningful at the time, given the limits of what people then could reasonably have known or done.
Leave aside critical questions of fairness and revenue lost to the Treasury (which must be made up by borrowing or by increasing taxes on other people).
And now it seems like, at least in the place where I work and other people we run into, a lot of people, uh, seem to be from other places and fewer people, you know, are just native to uh, to the Carolinas or, um, to the South.
People have to cut their hair, eat, clothe themselves, decorate their homes—fashion affects how they do these things.
The town has a high percentage of Nubians in its population; these people, though fully integrated into Egyptian society, remain proud of their separate cultural identity.
The story of our Olympic athletes is one of personal sacrifice, dedication to be the best in the world, and a desire to represent the people of the United States with pride.
and some people are addicted to prescription drugs
They're just cases of people who need help, but have no idea where to turn.
Also in Newsweek , a piece pegged to the movie Volcano says that volcanoes threaten 500 million people worldwide, but not the citizens of Los Angeles.
And I try to tell people this is the environment you want to try to tell my students, to encourage them to embrace the kind of environment where it's safe, to agree or disagree, to discuss anything.
In Mexico and in small southwestern communities the church was often located in the center of town, and the soul and rhythm of the people were synchronized with the liturgical seasons of the Church.
During the spring and autumn festivals, when people traditionally seek out the hilltops, the throngs are so large you would be better advised to try another time.
getting us all accustomed to seeing both you know but most people don't pay any attention you know it's going to take some education right along with it most people don't know what that means you know so
Despite these vaccines, about 2 billion people have been infected with hepatitis B virus (HBV), and more than 350 million have lifelong infections.
He thought he could hide the truth from his own people, I suppose, and increasingly he's wrong in that.
Cartoons really just, I mean, even to this day I think, "How can people watch that junk!"
In the 1930s, writers employed by the Works Progress Administration (WPA) as part of Roosevelt’s New Deal collected many cuentos and legends about witches from the people of northern New Mexico, and many beliefs expressed then are still held today.
Every district has its own small squares with cafés, where people gather for a drink or meal — and Athenians love to eat out.
These good things happened in central Indiana last year because people like you cared enough to make an investment in our community.
yeah i wish our generation had better memory of things like the uh the New Deal and all the things that went on then when Roosevelt had uh all kinds of people working in
Harbaugh, foundation trustee and a colleague of Athens at the Conner & Winters law firm, said his mentor had "a special interest in people who could not afford legal services.
That, as we all know, is a forlorn hope (to abuse a Dutch cliché): those who “know” that when two or more people or things are the subject of a verb you have to use were , not was , regardless of the context, are like those who “know” (like the people at Elizabeth Arden) that millennium is spelled with one n, who “know” that it is Parmagiana , not Parmigiana (like the people at Burger King), and who have no doubt that baking soda, baking powder, washing soda, and ice-cream soda are all the same thing.
And they thought, well once they got on their feet if they could repay people somehow.
Thousands of people came to visit him in jail, bringing flowers, food, and other gifts.
The boats that ply the route from Bangsal to the islands wait for a full load of 15 to 20 people.
uh i think most people are aware at least now common knowledge is that
Since the program started in 2000, more than 6,000 people have used the free system, located in public buildings throughout Orange County.
The famous letter to the Times --"Sirs, of all the people who might have reviewed my book, could you not find one who was not my former wife?"
She had an irresistible quality, she just drew people to her.
For the first time, the people who must bear the cross of involuntary servitude became the focus of attention.
The technique was introduced by Assyrian traders 1,000 years later in­to Anatolia, where it was qui­ck­ly adopted by the indigenous Hatti people, who, at this point, had already reached an ad­­vanced state of civilization.
well it's like you said though sometimes people just get caught up in it innocently but
The first response came from private firms and individuals-the people and companies in the building.
"George, the America people are tired of people who make promises about tax cuts they can't keep," he said.
