Athens became the most powerful, heralding the start of the classical Greek period.
The alliance became known as the Delian League.
When Alexander went on to conquer lands as far to the east as India, the Aegean became a crossroads for the long trading routes.
Delos became one of the largest marketplaces in the empire.
It was here that he wrote what was to become the final book of the New Testament, the Book of Revelation.
He promised a modern state for his people, but as the situation became volatile, civil strife broke out in Turkish cities, and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence.
Finally, Greece was ousted from its new territory in Asia Minor, which became part of the new Turkish state.
After the war, in 1949, the Dodecanese islands finally became part of the Greek nation.
The Aegean Islands, which for centuries had been important ports on the trading routes, became the backwaters of this new transport network and the economies of several islands came close to collapse.
The expansion of air travel began the age of mass tourism, and Greece along with the Aegean Islands became exciting destinations for northern Europeans escaping their damp, cool summers.
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent.
Some of the strongest critics of our welfare system are the people who have become dependent on it.
They welcome the chance to belong, to become self- sufficient, to regain their self-esteem and confidence.
As you begin that process this year, I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth, Inc.
Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and contributing members of adult society.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
I have become more open-minded, more responsible, and, most importantly, I have gained a lot more self-confidence.
In any case, there certainly is no lack of information available about the moguls of technology now as they all become our current pop icons.
Now the dissembler and enabler has become the scholar and ABC News analyst.
33This group usually included Vice President Cheney, Secretary of State Powell, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, General Hugh Shelton, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs (later to become chairman) General Myers, DCI Tenet, Attorney General Ashcroft, and FBI Director Robert Mueller.
With these initial victories won by the middle of 2002, the global conflict against Islamist terrorism became a different kind of struggle.
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt.
But the Roman Empire became Christian in the fourth century, and Jerusalem became a center of religion once again.
The morality of not killing becomes an aspiration, a challenge for people to realize in their struggle with imperfection.
However much one becomes convinced that killing is wrong, one needs a reason for that degree of conviction.
They are strongly committed, vaguely, to some position on the spectrum, but they offer no reason why they are so intensely committed to this value that has become so powerful in the English-speaking West.
Nationalism becomes a virtue if it avoids hatred of outsiders as it encourages mutual respect among insiders.
“IN GOD WE TRUST” became a popular motto, appearing for the first time on the nation’s coinage in 1864.
That infamous act of judicial will, which served only to fuel the passions for war, held that a former slave could never become the citizen of any state.
As my rewriting of the Thirteenth Amendment would have it: Securing and protecting the autonomy of labor would become the duty of all state power.
I'd like to tell you about how I got into becoming a teacher's assistant.
and wanting to uh you know to try and get me to join or you know become interested in their religion because i have my own
We handled a matter in chambers that you'll become aware of in an effort to resolve a problem, and I think we did.
And so the ACLU contacted you, and you agreed to become a plaintiff in this case?
So in 2004, prior to this -- prior to you becoming a plaintiff, you never attended a board meeting in that year?
You never looked at the book Of Pandas and People before you became a plaintiff in this lawsuit, did you?
But there were comments from Bill Buckingham about brainwashing, and I remember hearing that, the whole thing about brainwashing, because it dealt with going to college and getting this education and students who go to college become brainwashed.
"In partnership with family and community to educate students, we emphasize sound, basic skills and nurture the diverse needs of our students as they strive to become lifelong learners and contributing members of our global society.
Earlier in this century, pansy became a derogatory epithet to describe an effete male, thereby cheapening forever lines like Shelley's noble image in Adonais (verse XXXIII):
Webster's Third New International Dictionary lists about 500 Yiddish words that have become part of our everyday conversations, including:
Earlier, on page 49, we learnt about Agnodice, “who lived to become the world's first known woman gynaecologist,” in the fourth century BC.
..[were] approaching the water obstacle during the cross-country section of the Harrods International Grand Prix when the leading pair became confused, turned back and became entangled with the second pair.
Many African Americans wore an extravagant style of clothing, the baggy pegged pants and jackets with padded shoulders, that later became known as the zoot suit.
The creation of Zozobra was introduced into the fiesta in 1926 by Will Shuster, who felt that the fiesta had become “dull and commercialized.”
As the years have passed and the Masai population has grown (and more and more of Africa becomes desertified), rangeland has become more scarce and the Masai's precious cattle have had far less land on which to graze.
and he just kind of became a vegetable and died
This 3' sequence becomes transduced, along with the L1 sequence, to a new genomic locus; a hypothesized cause of the imprecision of the 3' end of the L1 transcript is the weak polyadenylation signal in the L1 element [ 28 ] . Clear indications of 3' transduction have been documented in cases where an L1 inserted into the dystrophin gene [ 29 ] , APC [ 30 ] and CYBB [ 31 ] . All these disease-producing L1 insertions, the boundaries of which were defined by flanking TSDs, contained novel sequences downstream of the L1 sequence itself.
Given the irresponsibility you describe, not to mention the sleep disturbance, prudence (the virtue, not yours truly) demands that you either rustle up another roomie--preferably a young woman who is planning to become a nun--or take your chances being assigned a stranger.
You penetrate me with your gaze, my body shivers even here next to the fire, as your icicle eyes become your rampant sex in me . . .
right they become a vegetable more or less and uh they don't they sedate them and
Clinical improvement became apparent about three weeks after therapy.
Rall says that Spiegelman, after winning a special Pulitzer in 1992 for his graphic novel Maus , became the de facto spokesman for the sprawling world of "underground comix" and gained the kind of mainstream fame and acceptance most cartoonists only dream of.
Hang around any schoolyard in Germany or college campus in Indonesia and it becomes clear that the recording industry's problems with the illegal online distribution of music in the United States pale beside the rampant piracy that goes on overseas.
i i'm trying to think exactly what is imposed if they would become a state versus a territory
The observed antitumor activity of this sE dietary supplementation was an unexpected experimental result as sE was not previously reported to have antitumor activity although vitamin E may give modest protection against the risk of breast cancer [ 5 ] . Based on the observed antitumor activity of high dose sE in the diet, it became important to investigate if the sE supplement, when fed at such a high dose, was associated with the modification of the fatty acid composition of mitochondrial and microsomal membranes and if the sE was acting as an antioxidant or possibly a prooxidant in tumor and in host tissues.
Turn your blue to white: Become a born-again virgin.
At fifteen, after an incident at the Iraq Desert Country Day School where she was nearly violated by a US Army Baptist chaplain, Oedipa ran away to Jerusalem and became a dedicated revolutionary, had brief and fiery affairs with Edward Said and Leila Khaled, escaped to California, and joined the Wymmyn's Fyre Brygade, an anti-imperialist collective in Encino.
i the only thing we as Americans have become accustomed to as far as the metric system is now we buy two liter bottles of Coke you know
With the advent of larger human haplotype data sets, it has become clear that there are often fairly long regions with very high linkage disequilibrium (Daly et al.
Thus Billingsgate became so notorious that in 1652 it became a common word in English.
As the years have passed and the Masai population has grown (and more and more of Africa becomes desertified), rangeland has become more scarce and the Masai's precious cattle have had far less land on which to graze.
that budgeting skill and there's i think it's going to become more critical because
From the 1970s onward, religion had become an increasingly powerful force in Pakistani politics.
The compositions become ever more undulating and graceful.
She turns to Rosa to say, "Mein sister Karen stole him and they became my adversaries."
you know we we notice our product just becoming a commodity and that's really bad
Discussion of this memorandum brought to the surface an unease about paramilitary covert action that had become ingrained, at least among some CIA senior managers.
And I was becoming quite comfortable with the whole German atmosphere, really--right up until the Lufthansa flight attendant showed me how to place the mask securely over my nose and mouth and breathe deeply.
But mental processes become affect, our bodies and our brains do that in this place and we call our place America.
since they've become so popular you get what i call backyard breeders which is probably where yours came from people that don't know what they're doing and
However, we have previously noted that the Tag increased in Tag-transformed NIH 3T3 cells as the population became more dense and the cell cycle time increased during exponential growth [ 11 ] . For some cell types, like fibroblasts and lymphocytes, G 0 cells have less cell mass than cycling cells, and one might expect that Tag expression would decrease as the G 1 phase of the cycle lengthened and cells achieved confluence.
Gambling has become a widespread pastime for the simple and unassailable reason that it adds to the sum of human happiness.
It is unclear whether the brain always knows the difference between processing the sensory input we usually think of as perception of reality and processing the processing which, as mirrors can reflect each other, can approach infinity as sense data become perceptions, become organized ideas, become abstract categories and then categories of categories.
well i think um that is kind of becoming one of the drivers now the fact that with all the recycling that took place the price per pound has declined i know aluminum in our area one year ago aluminum was
Following this precedent, these long-term evolving E. coli populations should have become streamlined glucose scavengers and evolved a substantially reduced niche.
McCourt "seems less in control in this book and at times is powerless to keep himself from becoming the stage Irishman, crying in his beer, milking sentiment until it becomes false" (Peter Collier, the Los Angeles Times ). (Click here to read the first chapter.)
At first we noticed that abundance (not necessarily personal abundance, although the post-WWII/Cold War takeoff of the US economy afforded better living for much higher proportions of the US population) was not satisfying to us, although it seemed to be sufficient for our parents who had suffered serious deprivation during the Depression and then horrifying war (our fathers ignorant men thrown together in foreign lands to face death with only each other's bodies for support--while longing for the comfort of love and habit sent by the women who became our mothers in letters to unknowable islands and bivouacs).
also working uh in a large corporate setting and that has become unsettled in the last
This application of informatics data will certainly grow in importance as acquisition of additional single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) data becomes increasingly common and new paralogs and orthologs are added to the sequence database.
The main French newspapers focused on the enforced Arabization of Algeria, where, on Sunday, classical Arabic became the sole official language of the country, with the use of Algerian Arabic, Berber Arabic, and French being prohibited.
This calls for the Atanatiya ritual,48a healing ceremony that primarily belongs to folk religion; it has become a ceremony purporting to fulfill, at the popular level, the socio-religious needs of the simple rural Buddhists.
um last like a few summers ago i kept two children every day for the entire summer and i mean they became like my children
As the soil dries or nutrients become limiting, the fungus reproduces asexually by disarticulating the hyphae into small, environmentally-resistant arthroconidia (reproductive spores) (Figure 2).
Re shopping: Let the record show that I bought nothing at the outlet malls, while Mr. Why-Are-We-Stopping-Here became slightly unhinged in the Le Creuset emporium, acquiring several heavy cast-iron pots, which now burden our already over-burdened car (see below).
It is unclear whether the brain always knows the difference between processing the sensory input we usually think of as perception of reality and processing the processing which, as mirrors can reflect each other, can approach infinity as sense data become perceptions, become organized ideas, become abstract categories and then categories of categories.
uh she then informed me that the woman no longer wanted the little puppy and wanted to know if we wanted to keep it well after you had an animal for a couple of weeks it's uh you become attached you become attached to it
On a broader level, conferees agreed that we must work to ensure that both individual state justice communities and the broader national counterpart becomes more diverse, inclusive and multiculturally competent.
In recent years, one of my favorite newspaper columnists has become less and less interesting.
Trading in Malaysia has become legendary for the bewildering and profitable rapidity of calculations of ringgits and yuan, dollars and now euros.
yeah well i i've my that's the way my mother stands on it she feels like if it's something that you have to do you know if you look at it as if you have to do it then it becomes it becomes a chore and and she doesn't enjoy it when it's a chore
Thus, methods that allow the appearance of thiol modifications in cells to be monitored kinetically will greatly enhance our understanding of how cysteine residues become oxidized.
For reasons that need not detain us here, some years ago I happened to be visiting the translation section of a large publishing company in darkest Hertfordshire, England, and I became involved in conversation with one of the employees, a charming young French translator.
A particular tree becomes a tree in many contexts, as if the brain makes as many as possible available from which to draw.
it would seem to indicate to me either they're doing it because they're afraid they might become a state and want
Eilene McIlvane, who was not a lawyer, became its executive director in 1981.
, Plato's Republic and Aristophanes' The Birds ). However, it is Sir Thomas More's speculative work of political science and sociology-- Utopia (from the Greek ou - `not' + topos -`place')--which became, generically, the impossibly perfect place.
Achmed, however, grew to manhood, (shortening his name to ben Maas), went to Oxford like his father, and --hurrying along this story-- became the chief accountant for Phillips Petroleum.
which in her home you know there weren't i mean the logistics of it become so difficult that she said i've i've really made some friends and that feels good so that's the other side of it is
Based on the phenotype of knockout mice, it has become clear that TRAF6 is the critical adapter molecule required for RANK signaling during osteoclastogenesis [ 35 ] . The importance of TRAF6 has been further explored in deletion studies, which correlated its various domains with its osteoclastogenic potential [ 46 ] . A link between IFN-γ and RANK signaling via TRAF6 has also been demonstrated in bone marrow cultures, in which IFN-γ was shown to accelerate the degradation of TRAF6 [ 38 ] . In our studies, however, we failed to observe this TRAF6 degradation, as its expression remained constant in both short-term and long-term cultures under conditions where IFN-γ completely inhibited osteoclastogenesis.
In an odd way, the more similar products become, the more telling the little differences among them end up being.
But for Kant, that which is becomes the object of a representing that runs its course in the self-consciousness of the human ego.
well what is see the thing is is when a lot of things become acceptable practice uh it's hard to discern the border what has become muddy as to what is ethical and what is not ethical and then someone blows the whistle and says
A detailed investigation produced a list of new procedures that would become customary for forces deployed abroad.
And since the longer a resident trains, the larger the total subsidy, the system has also encouraged doctors to extend their educations and become specialists rather than lower-paid general practitioners.
You penetrate me with your gaze, my body shivers even here next to the fire, as your icicle eyes become your rampant sex in me . . .
oh no i i think uh i think they're honest i i you know there are some exceptions i think for the majority of them are honest and uh i just think in uh especially in the federal government the thing has just become bigger than
Part caretaker, part squatter, Mr. Davol has developed a green thumb with office plants and has become accustomed to working in front of pictures of other people's loved ones.
"What might have been a one-trauma-after-another chronicle of loss and divorce," says Walter Kirn in the New York Times Book Review , "becomes instead a hard and shining artifact of personal and social upheaval."
It is unclear whether the brain always knows the difference between processing the sensory input we usually think of as perception of reality and processing the processing which, as mirrors can reflect each other, can approach infinity as sense data become perceptions, become organized ideas, become abstract categories and then categories of categories.
a lot of people have become too complacent and believe everything is just the norm as to the way things are going and
Yet, as more genomes become available, we cannot hope to provide a high level of manual examination and correction to describe the genes present on these genomes precisely.
But nerdiness became well defined only after the birth of its opposite--coolness--during the prosperous postwar era, as the middle class expanded to include vast new segments of the population.
These associations will become progressively more elaborate as I accumulate more experience.
yes i do i think it's uh something that unfortunately uh at this stage of the game i would hope that at some point we would become
Recording the average event-related electrical potentials from scalp electrodes became a research tool in the 1960s, with the advent of analog and then digital computers to accomplish the recording and averaging.
Go back and reread the Ms. of the 1970s, and you rediscover how psychological how-to-ism for women at home became consciousness-raising for women newly out in the world.
Moreover, the phrases embodied in these songs are to encourage the initiates to become worthy and honourable members of the adult community into which they are to be graduated.
uh some more uh beautiful parts of the country uh i think that that uh we become a little more aware uh rather quickly of
Once gene duplicates have diverged sufficiently so that they differ in their functionality (or non-functionality), gene conversion events can become deleterious—for example, by introducing disrupting mutations from a pseudogene into its functional duplicate.
Devaluation and partial default, explains the Journal , means the overall amount of debt is reduced and terms for repaying it become easier.
Having feared just this kind of undignified clapping of tender skin onto the chilly and narrow porcelain, he was wont to leave the seat down, until recently when it became redolently clear that tiny droplets of urine were deliquescing to burden the air with the fug of a public latrine.
be fostered in as you become
The experiences of these governments-and those of the federal GPRA pilots-demonstrate that each federal agency will need to chart its own course in response to its specific environment as it seeks to implement GPRA and become more results-oriented.
Some of them became leaders in the effort to maintain affirmative action in California.
In literary production, specifically gay male writing begins with Robert Duncan in his 1949 "Manifesto" and Ginsberg in "Howl;" both became icons to 60s gay poets.
for education and really became more of a labor union and only put their main entrance in teachers pay like education like money was the the solution to every thing
James Jesus Angleton, who headed counterintelligence in the CIA until the early 1970s, became obsessed with the belief that the Agency harbored one or more Soviet "moles."
Our powerful, multipurpose computers will continue to become even more powerful, but as they acquire new skills--like voice recognition--their appeal will be limited by their price.
40 Venison Bride becomes a prophet
yeah it's a beautiful place i think i worry that it's changing so much so quickly the valley has become so popular
As the CAM literature grows, dissemination and knowledge of the controlled vocabulary will become even more important.
If only this had been understood before, we could all have become conservatives much sooner.
The US has become the new 1000 year Reich and wants to annex Iraq, Iran, Korea, everything.
it's a true story of a uh couple in Colorado in the late eighteen hundreds who became fabulously wealthy from uh
The immune system has a remarkable capacity for fending off infectious diseases, and it has become clear that these same defenses can recognize and destroy cancer cells.
Disclaimer: All submissions will become the property of Slate and will be published at Slate 's discretion.
Poor Mona was then abandoned again when her daughter returned temporarily to her dank previous home where she became a gibbering speed freak, an auto thief, a fugitive, and generally white trash.
if it becomes
Since CPT analogues become one of the most promising new classes of antineoplastic agents introduced into the clinic in recent years [ 19 ] , activity of camptothecin on endothelial cells may be of great interest.
It was not plugged as a cold remedy, however, until 1979, when a Texas city planner, George Eby, became convinced that megadoses of zinc improved his 3-year-old leukemic daughter's response to chemotherapy and protected her from colds during treatment.
For staffers at these organizations, responding to these kinds of crackdowns has become alarmingly routine.
and how important it is to you you become more loyal so to speak to to the things that you don't have at that time and you realize hey my you know we really have a good thing there so i think you hold more dear the things like democracy and your rights
Consumers also need to become comfortable with uncertainty, and understand the strengths and weaknesses intrinsic to every study conducted and published.
This has become very clear to me when written the “Word Histories” column in the Atlantic over the last three years.
No wonder so many became alcoholic and silent, no wonder so many women secretly suffocated in those single-family units.
no i i understand it's becoming you know the popular thing to do we're not participating in that particular program at the moment and i don't really perceive doing it unless we absolutely have to
If the assistance of the LSCfunded program were not available in these co-counseled cases, it is very unlikely that the private attorney would agree to become involved in the case.
Memorable eponymous terms require memorable nominal roots and, in the English-speaking world, people's names are becoming more diverse and interesting as more cultures are demographically and linguistically annexed.
Well, that's what they did until they became 55 or 60 years old, and then my late grandfather Lemmie went to work in a textile mill as a supervisor and my grandfather Willis went to work in a furniture factory.
In 1946 he became the chair of the Department of Modern Languages and Literature at the University of Denver, and he stayed there until he retired in 1974.
In 1938 it became the Museum of Modern Art, and today it displays a permanent range of work by celebrated artists and numerous temporary exhibitions which reflect the cutting edge in visual art genres such as photography and video.
The ability to keep learning, to keep discovering, and to keep inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow's world.
i do that i think people are becoming more aware
Finally, with its high postwar investment levels, Japan's production processes became more capital intensive compared to most other advanced nations.
Corporations have tended either to smoosh names together--thus Lockheed and Martin Marietta became Lockheed Martin, McDonnell and Douglas Aircraft became McDonnell Douglas, Northrop and Grumman became ...
My husband became very ill with cancer and I had to make a decision as to whether I would continue my education or take care of him and I felt like I needed to take care of him because he stood by me so much while I was going to school.
Even without such obvious errors, forecasting demand at the SKU level has become difficult, as an ever wider array of products cycle through stores.
Many Indians remained and established small farms in the FWI, their descendants becoming an important and colorful segment of the population (see box, page 42).
That vision has become a reality.
which are striving to become independent from central Moscow and that kind of administration
They believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because (1) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop, (2) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use, and (3) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed.
He became flustered, said goodbye, and hung up.
And then if, I think there were with a cer, a certain color, maybe a red background, and if, if the, the military member was liked, it became a white background.
20 But when flag burning becomes an acceptable and potentially routine event, it draws no more attention than the use of four-letter words at cocktail parties.
I am hopeful that you as an individual and Meridian Insurance as a corporation might consider becoming sustaining supporters of MCCOY.
um it was becoming quite disturbing realizing how many crack babies were there were becoming you know out there in the educational area and
Meeting three to four times a week, the group became something of a "sect" whose members, according to one participant in the meetings, tended to deal only with each other.
Considering the political climate the world over and the political individuals who make certain that into each life a little rain must fall, it would behoove all of us to become familiar with the quotations in this book, most of which seem apt at the moment:
And, as a matter of fact, both of her daughters became teachers.
The word became more nationally known in 1959 with the publication of the novel Pocho by Jose Antonio Villarreal, which depicted the coming-of-age of a Chicano growing up in the Santa Clara Valley of California during the 1940s.
Later, under Ottoman rule, the bell tower became a minaret and the church was converted into a mosque.
Discovering that they shared an affection for music and entertaining, they got together and dreamed of becoming like their idols - The Four Aces, The Four Lads, The Four Freshmen, The Hi-Lo's and The Crew Cuts.
you know if they're not going to be accepted into society then everybody's going to become sociopathic
From 1998 through 2000, the federal government achieved surpluses, shifting from being a drain on net national saving to become a contributor to it.
The Times says that without Levy, Netanyahu is likely to grow more dependent on right-wing parties, and thus to become more resistant to pro-Palestinian concessions.
And he took her to a neighbor's and she became their foster child.
One theory is that when flour tortillas became available in northern Mexico, tacos de frijoles, or bean burritos, were easy to carry in the saddle-bags of the vaqueros (cowboys), so for this reason they came to be called burritos as though they were the sidekicks of the vaquero’s horse.
Traditional Music and Dance: Greece has a rich legacy of folk dance and music, though genuine performances are becoming more difficult to find, particularly in the capital.
The sergeant became a private, a private citizen fighting a new war against diabetes.
well you know if they're forced to do it becomes sort of a habit
Chromosome territories are re-established after cell division, and once the cell is arrested in a long interphase, chromosome movement becomes restricted again [ 8].
The findings became famous when they landed on the cover of … Newsweek .
And my brother and I, from that day, curiously, became very close.
If there were a way of making a living that could not be well explored and exploited by organisms as they speciate, that way of making a living would not become populated.
Subsequently, Sevilla became the capital of the Visigothic kingdom and then of a Moorish taifa, before falling to King Ferdinand III in 1248.
The better our law school becomes directly increases the valuation of our degrees.
yeah it really is a beautiful place and for the past two falls i've gone there i've made two trips to Santa Fe it's sort of becoming an annual thing for me uh i go by myself i go without my family and uh if
As a result, agencies have become enormously dependent on these systems and data to support their operations.
But as the Newt peril fades, Democratic differences are becoming clearer.
So Mother had to adjust to becoming used to a being a country girl.
The bracero experience has been written about in novels and depicted in numerous movies, and although the image presented is often a negative one, like other Chicano folk heroes the bracero has become an archetype of the culture.
The problem became an outright disaster on Christmas Day in 1953.
Or who helps David learn important job skills that will enable him to become self-sufficient?
people become more aware of the things in industry too that that are causing problems and and i think that they'll gradually they'll work towards solving those problems more too
The neck-tail region of Myo1c thus appears to adopt a compact structure at 4°C, becoming more extended at 25°C.
If the process of slaughter becomes a savage yahoo spectacle, then we are indeed barbaric.
Did your favorite book become something else when you grew up a little bit more and \\you were in high school?
As they have become better trained, better educated, with high-tech equipment and higher salaries, they are looked upon as the elite law enforcement of Texas.
In 1919 the conflict resulted in a partial victory for Ireland, and in 1921 the Partition Act enabled the six counties of Northern Ireland to remain in the union with Britain, while the remaining 26 became independent.
so um i i think that uh it became very evident in the beginning of senior year
In Kentucky, as in much of the rest of the nation, abuse victims have increasingly turned to the courts as protective orders have become more accepted, said Billie Lee Dunford- Jackson, assistant director of family violence law and policy for the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges.
He left to become, of course, a politician--Culture Minister in the shadow Cabinet of Gerhard Schroeder, who's a good bet to defeat German chancellor Helmut Kohl this fall.
Do you think they've become more ex, do you think they've accepted more what you've decided to do or that's going to take a while?
But the behavior of an agringado might involve the changing of one’s given name, so that Carlos becomes Charlie, Guillermo becomes Will, or Consuelo becomes Connie; or changing a surname, so that Rivera becomes Rivers or Puentes becomes Bridges.
Among the historic houses on rue du Marché-Champlain, Maison Chevalier (1752) has become a museum of old Québécois furniture and domestic utensils.
With your contribution to the Library, you will become a member of the Citywide Friends.
because they have become more aggressive and more dominating and i think that comes about from their being a definite factor in the job market now
' [ 1 ] Although there has always been some controversy about its validity [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ] , meta-analysis has become increasingly popular as the number of studies with similar protocols has grown.
So of course he became a hired gun: He needed to pay his debts.
It was so cold that the fuel does what they call congeals, the fuel becomes like gelatin.
As we’ve already noted, international sourcing has become increasingly prevalent.
Jet skis have become increasingly popular and can be rented in the above towns as well as in Malibu.
When your gift helps an outstanding student become an outstanding teacher, you will know that you, too, have touched the future.
um the reason i tranged uh changed to become a vegetarian was for ethical reasons so the idea of me eating meet would be like eating something you know i i think of it as something alive
As has been observed in other models of obesity due to a high-fat diet, the diet-induced obese mice also became hypophagic compared to the chow fed mice and compared to the hyperphagia exhibited by mice in the first two weeks on a high fat diet [ 28 ] (Fig.
But I have recently become a parent and wonder how I should react to this type of situation if I were with an inquisitive child.
Because what you read about might spark something that becomes an interest to you, and then you carry it over into your writing.
But for basic and fashion basic apparel products, for which frequent replenishment orders are becoming the norm, the practice of sourcing some of the assembly and sewing operations from nearby lower wage regions and countries is emerging.
The teeming millions living in Calcutta and Mumbai have become legendary.
When you accept membership in the Inner Circle, you will become an integral part in what is fast-proving to be an historical election year.
so i i i think that he he he's actually he i think is becoming very dangerous
And Bin Ladin's security precautions and defenses became more elaborate and formidable.
Disclaimer: All submissions will become the property of 
Then we took a Discipleship Class, um, my husband and I, that, that, um, really taught us how to study the Bible and journaling and Bible Study became enmeshed, so to speak, for me.
This cramped and faithless reading of the Constitution has become obvious to us over time, but it was apparent in 1883 as well.
While attempting to cross the Sierra Nevada, George Donner’s wagon train became snowed in, and from November until February was stuck high in the mountains north of Lake Tahoe, at a point now known as the Donner Pass.
Please send a gift of $50 or $100 today and become a partner of the IRT.
and then then the issue becomes what do you do once somebody's found guilty i suppose
The gold standard would then become the isolation of the cells from the intact organ after differentiation has occurred by creating genetically based or antibody-based approaches to identify and/or purify the already differentiated progeny from the intact muscle.
Early in the bombing, Sharon warned that an independent Kosovo could become the heart of a "Greater Albania" that would be a staging ground for Muslim terrorism.
But at that time women were put on a pedestal and treated with the highest degree of respect and they were devout and loving to their husband and they didn't feel anybody was putting something on them and becoming unnecessarily agitated uh, because somebody didn't do something according to term.
Only certain features of a given nonequilibrium system, if measured, will result in detection of sources of energy that might become coupled to specific other processes that, by doing work, propagate macroscopic changes in the universe.
The “New Town,” which was planned by architect James Craig and embellished by Robert Adam, became one of the most beautiful Georgian cities of the world.
By accepting your nomination and joining with us, you not only become a member of the most prestigious wing of the GOP, you also help finance the races of our field of candidates.
all of that so there's the whole question whether one of the uh sub drivers is gonna decide to become free lance oh i don't wanna i don't wanna go with Russia so i'm going to uh you know sell myself to the highest bidder or something
--Allowances under this subsection shall be allocated onlywith respect to kilowatt hours of electric energy saved by qualified energy conservation measures or generated by qualified renewable energy after January 1, 1992 and before the earlier of (i) December 31, 2000, or (ii) the date on which any electric utility steam generating unit owned or operated by the electric utility to which the allowances are allocated becomes subject to this subpart (including those sources that elect to become
If it's drug abuse to take a pill simply to look virile, the piece wonders, why isn't it illegal to take one to become virile?
Yeah he, he wasn't quite fond of school and he dropped out in May of his senior year, so although he later in life became successful and owned his own company, he just didn't, and I guess, and neither did his parents think school was that important so his, his stories they always told us didn't involve growing up and going to school and doing well and behaving they were always mischievous.
It has become a Bay Area Christmas tradition to make the two-hour journey to the small mission town to experience the miracle of Guadalupe, although all Mexican American churches throughout the United States organize elaborate church ceremonies for December 12, the day of her appearance, so there are literally hundreds of celebrations one can choose from to commemorate the day.
With its emphasis on nature, intuition, the individual, paradox (“the knowledge which is not knowledge”), and the cosmic flow known as “the Way,” Daoism became the religion of artists and philosophers.
If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be, we have to lead them in the right direction right now.
and uh everyone's a manager but nobody can get one more point to become you know like whatever you need to earn so much money
Culture medium (DMEM with 5% fetal bovine serum [FBS] and penicillin/streptomycin) was replaced three times per week and fibroblasts were passed (1:2 split) at the time they became confluent.
In America anything that can happen, does: Strangers kidnap children; mathematicians become terrorists; executives find themselves flipping hamburgers.
But here it's just a greeting and we've gone back to visit in OH or elsewhere and we, pretty much it's just become a part of our language or usage as well and, um, you know, people ask us about it.
Preferentially, those comeasuring pairs of quantum systems that decohere and become classical will tend to accumulate, due to the irreversibility of classicity.
In 1568 Sebastian became king of Portugal at age 14.
Forty years ago one student, Betty Groh Tower, entered the Medical Record Administration Program to become our first graduate.
so the people that actually become juries are it's not really just a random sampling of the
In all instances, however, each fraction contained both large, round cells and fibroblast-like cells and their numbers become more equal with time (usually by day 13).
The March issue of Essence magazine invites readers to visit a "community activist" Web site about Social Security and become involved "to ensure that we get our fair share."
\\ And become acquainted with the-- \\
A more compassionate approach to victims’ rights became evident in the famous O. J. Simpson case, which held the country’s rapt attention for more than a year in 1996 and 1997.
The route becomes less steep once you reach the rest point at the chapel of Ágios Nikólaos, 4 km (2 1⁄2 miles) in, where there is a picnic area.
The BA becomes a BAJ next year.
i like to watch golf my husband plays golf and i've i've really become
By February 12 Bin Ladin had apparently moved on, and the immediate strike plans became moot.
Or, if you prefer, sexual McCarthyism: the madness that prevails when private mistakes become daily fodder for public titillation, and are then used as political weapons to club the poor sinning bastards to death.
But I can see now how they have become a boom to motherhood.
Americans have become and remained one of the most religious nations on earth, and largely because the state has evolved toward a rigorous policy of symbolic support for religion, at the same time insisting that the religious culture either thrive or die on its own.
Sixteenth-century mapmakers back in Spain mistakenly confused the names, so that in the end the port became San Juan and the whole island was called a “rich port”; once on the maps, the names stuck.
These are artists who are either emerging as leaders in their fields or who have already become well known.
right but and maybe not quite so much publicity either i think there's far too much publicity on some of these violent crimes that and then it seems to become a challenge
Previous work indicates that wild-type Arabidopsis seedlings become resistant to the inhibitory effects of high concentrations (0.
Columbia/HCA , the country's biggest medical provider, is becoming the poster boy of corporate health-care greed.
If he had become a preacher.
My DNA, my biography, my talents, are certainly not the same as yours, but these differences become superficial in light of the deeper equivalence of moral value.
Like the Japanese, Chinese, and Portuguese before them, many of the new peoples would stay on in Hawaii, adding to the ethnic and racial mix that has become a hallmark of the islands.
Several School of Dentistry faculty and staff members have recently asked how they can become members of the Century Club.
i don't want to be paid to do it because then it becomes a job and then it's not a hobby you know
Among women, black/white differences in BMI levels become apparent after age 12 y [ 27 ] , suggesting that adolescence may be a critical period [ 28 29 ] for the development of obesity.
He likened his speech to the 1947 NAACP gathering at which Harry Truman became the first president to address a black civil-rights group.
To some degree, things that really have an impact on me have tended to become a part of my life on some level or another.
Although she is the preeminent representation of womanhood, she has become an icon for women’s subjugation and oppression.
By day it becomes a continuous market, with some unusually chatty, cheerful shopkeepers.
.By transforming the environment for learning; school lessons become opportunities of discovery when performed live on stage.
Americans are becoming a little more aware and uh are forcing our government to be uh on top of
Khallad claims to have been closest with Saeed al Ghamdi, whom he convinced to become a martyr and whom he asked to recruit a friend, Ahmed al Ghamdi, to the same cause.
In the biggest Hollywood movies, screen actors have become tiny figurines--droids, almost--manipulated in front of colossal computer-generated spaceships, fireballs, tornadoes, and volcanic eruptions.
I don't know whatever became of Robbie, not much I imagine.
Sam Walton started small in the 1970s, but Wal-Mart rapidly became the largest retailer in the United States, with total sales in fiscal year 1995 equaling the combined sales volumes of Kmart, Sears Roebuck and Co., and the supermarket chain The Kroger Co., the next three largest American retail organizations.
Rembrandt created two canvasses for the Guild of Surgeons, which have become two of his most famous paintings.
On the chance that my guess is right, I am writing to you today to invite you to become a member of LOGOS-the League Of Greek Orthodox Stewards.
have taken a long time to become recognized but more strides are made toward addressing those stresses in women than ever were in men and
This suggests that solutes such as methoxyflurane or toluene are right on the boundary of where this artifact becomes important.
Even as analysts have become more able to move stock prices, their more corporate-congenial language has probably diminished the long-range impact of their recommendations--with so many "outperforms" and "accumulates" out there, it's hard to know which ones to take seriously.
Um, she had very big dreams of wanting to become a lawyer one day.
The vacuum tables have also become “smart.”
The magnificent Chinese Collection presents the objects and ornaments of some 3,500 years of civilization, stretching from the Bronze Age Shang Dynasty to the extinction of the Manchu Dynasty in 1912, when China became a republic.
When you are contacted by your Campus Campaign volunteer, we hope you'll choose to become one of the many partners in the community of IUPUI.
um in matter of fact in the United States we used to have extended families it wasn't but i guess as we become more industrialized and more you know less in a rural situation
Even with the benefit of hindsight, Jarrah hardly seems a likely candidate for becoming an Islamic extremist.
The split seemed to come in 1969, when Julian Bond was elected to the Georgia state Legislature and became the darling of the American left's radical chic set.
And, um, I've often pondered that ev, you know, that this whole thing about, that she, that she became a nun because she didn't, um, she was scared to live fully in the world.
In this way pachuquesmo, a Mexican subculture, became known throughout the Southwest.
Though the Valley of the Kings has become popularly known, it is not the only ancient attraction on the west bank of the Nile.
The National Board of Visitors cordially invites you to become a Charter Associate of The Center on Philanthropy
well the thing of it is if i wanted to just uh you know permanently become a book reader i guess i could just uh you know uh go on public assistance uh
According to Saudi authorities, a substantial number of the hijackers isolated themselves and became religious only within a few months of leaving the Kingdom.
--and the footnote became a marker of legitimacy.
I'd get the little biddies and they'd become full-grown chickens and, uh, your grandmother would gather the eggs and sold them to a lot of her neighbors.
Although the judiciary probably would have prospered as well, the Supreme Court of the 1870s and 1880s did not want to see the federal government become the watchdog of economic and semipublic racial relationships.
He inherited the title of Holy Roman Emperor and became Charles V, with duties throughout Europe that gave him little time for Spain.
We hope you will become a partner of Indy Reads as we work to improve our community through literacy.
that everybody else is and and i think i think that that's just unfair if you put it in a different context you see the same either the same you know it it get becomes a little clearer of course you know i'm my assumption is that
Our social skills are already being honed in childhood and early adolescence, when we quickly become very adept at forming and breaking alliances within and between groups and spend much of our time engaged in complex social interactions.
Bill Gates, no matter how big that company has become, still hangs over it like a living icon.
Um, so that became, that has become one of my favorites, Little Women, that started in, um, high school.
The word piciligue, which comes from the Aztec, has the meaning of “to become small that which was thick or large.”
Its very name became a verb in English: “to shanghai” meant to abduct by trickery or force.
I'd like to take this opportunity to invite you to become a member of AAKP.
sounds like America's going to become even more communication society with faxes and cellular phones and
“The whole system is becoming unhinged as a result of this enormous warming.”
Note: Safety and Sports have been dropped from the list of merit badges required to become an Eagle Scout.
So in the weeks and months that she was ministering to this lady, a young girl actually, she was also getting to meet the family and it was, and was, becoming involved with them.
A biosphere becomes complex, the universe becomes complex.
It soon became the focus for state occasions, such as the return of the ex-emperor’s own remains from St. Helena in 1840 and the funeral of Victor Hugo in 1885.
uh not only would would the United States become over populated well more over populated awfully quickly
In addition, command and control was complicated by senior Port Authority Police officials becoming directly involved in frontline rescue operations.
If abortion is not wrong--irrespective of the circumstances--then the issue becomes a tradeoff among unpleasant alternatives.
they had i think they in when they became became a country they more than or more or less decided they weren't going to take it anymore and uh
The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973, and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6, 1976.
Getting into the dictionary itself, one becomes aware that something is a foot, for there are not as many headwords as one might expect to find in other books of this size.
that get the kind of control that's bad you know and that their governments can become so corrupt and it's like well uh you know i use to feel like
As long as one of the genomes included in the analyses is properly annotated, only those identified ORFs that are actually homologous to an identified ORF will become part of a quartet of orthologs.)
"Sound becomes so critical," Zirinsky says.
so it became part of the package so i went through it
GAO will continue to play a professional, objective, nonpartisan and constructive role in assisting the Congress, regulators, and the accounting profession as initiatives are proposed, agreed upon, and become operational.
Corporations have tended either to smoosh names together--thus Lockheed and Martin Marietta became Lockheed Martin, McDonnell and Douglas Aircraft became McDonnell Douglas, Northrop and Grumman became ...
or target shooting what they had in mind was that people need to be armed in order to protect themselves from the government becoming too strong and taking away our liberties
He would in fact become Bin Ladin's deputy some years later, when they merged their organizations.
The Indian Express said that "a nation of one billion … has become a sitting duck for the masked man with the hand grenade or the AK-47."
um became a real problem until all of a sudden it came an insurmountable problem
They may eventually cease to be who they were, instead becoming a unitary “person with an illness” or—more damning—an “ill person,” a thing in which personhood and illness have completely fused.
But in our populist time with too many half-educated people at large, awful has become etiolated.
so i think in in some some aspect some ways we are uh becoming a little too egalitarian in that in that sense but uh
In the mid-1990s, first Perl [ 32] and then Java [ 33] were becoming widespread as programming languages for developing bioinformatics tools.
"Varnish" has quickly become one of the least interesting columns in Slate.
well we had we did have some time to devote to them you know but not nearly as much time as we have now so they've really become children they're they're real characters they really well all of them are
Lung surfactant synthesis and connective tissue maturation allow the lungs to become distensible and capable of coping with high surface tension.
The old social hierarchies disintegrated after World War I, and boring non-fashion could become revolutionary high fashion.
i i agree that that the communication uh that now that communication has become
These agents have become the most widely used for the indications considered in this review.
And with the men-women wage gap narrowed it has become less clear how the staying home with the child should be divided between the mother and the father.
and have become citizens now
We have found no evidence that Iran or Hezbollah was aware of the planning for what later became the 9/11 attack.
Yet there are some questions that are becoming almost universal: with the disappearance of telephone dials, do we enter, key, punch in , or (still) dial a number?
i think i think sometimes that you um you pick you become more aware of what you have
While the rule has varying compliance dates that are much later than the announced effective date of the rule (some previously approved products covered by the rule have several years to become compliant with the labeling requirement), we do note
Though the star had become a recluse, refusing to see his friends following the death of his wife, Gloria, he did keep up a telephone relationship with the Enquirer . In a series of interviews about his impending death he told the Enquirer that he would miss his children, but added, "It's time they started living their own lives and not have to worry about this old man."
it's really become a major expense for us as a society
It became a challenge to integrate the work of different observers if they focused their attention on different topics from site to site.
This law states that wherever computer chips go, the Internet will follow: Everything that's powered by electricity will eventually become studded with computer chips.
the North Vietnamese would have definitely won and then our views in those days they would have become communist or pinko
The employees said that they gained confidence as they became more experienced in exercising the new authority, and some of the employees and managers who initially resisted changes adjusted to them gradually over time.
And I think, earlier this year, of Serbia, where the bones of Prince Lazar, the martyr of the battle against the Turks in 1389, have become hallowed in history and whose legends were written down by church scribes and canonized in cycles of folk poetry.
i think one of the thing that i notice a lot i know it's touching social changes but uh to me what becomes socially acceptable
This dynamic expression may reflect the working of an underlying molecular network of activating and inhibitory factors which only gradually succeed in directing expression of a given gene to a specific subset of cells which thereby become defined as a distinct anlage.
The more we hear about Monica Lewinsky, the further removed from reality she becomes.
i have become accustom ed to other things in hearing other things you know if i knew two of my friends got hung for carrying a little bit of marijuana it might make me think twice before i ever did it if i was of the mind to you know
This notion has been widely accepted, and often becomes one of the central postulates of models of duplicated gene evolution [ 3, 7, 26, 27].
It has become Fight Club.
i see well it will become even more important you know when and if you do
I will speak to some of the concerns of which I have become aware.
On a brighter but no less arbitrary note, childless aristocrats picked genial Edward as their heir; he changed his name and became a snobbish landowner, kind to his less glamorous siblings but also condescending.
yeah yeah it becomes a kind of music of it's own i mean when you listen to it it's um
As more structure models become available, AQP diversity is becoming obvious because, irrespective of overall sequence homology, the surface topographies of different AQPs as seen by atomic force microscopy seem to vary widely [ 25, 26].
It's his foolish marriage and adulterous affair, as exploited by an evil gossip columnist who goes on to become a United States senator.
and the other part of it is parents have quit becoming parents
When the same elutriated cells were supplemented with dexamethasone, ascorbic acid, and β-glycerophosphate their morphology altered, and they became uniform, polygonal cells reminiscent of osteoblasts (Fig.
In these years, however, what people meant by "character" became increasingly confused.
but like i say it just kind of becomes a habit and it's if if you don't break that cycle very often then you keep doing it
Intron phase is distributed quite randomly in the 5' half of the sequence, although toward the 3' end of the gene, phase o introns become prevalent.
When Brown became secretary of commerce in 1993, the managing directors were not forgotten.
yeah that becomes a drudgery and when you
Initially, the scale was used in patients with head injury [ 6], but later it became widely used in evaluating central nervous system lesions and state of consciousness.
The U.S. military also plans to target the Iraqi Republican Guards' favorite toys--artillery weapons, tanks, and other heavy weapons--as well as their hardened bunkers and munitions factories, hoping that Saddam's "elite" troops will finally decide the price of propping up the dictator has become too high.
and uh there some some of the musicians some of the young people from there that have become
The atmosphere was relaxed, and after a while all of the monkeys became friends.
When the four-section Journal s stop appearing (or when Journal managing editor Paul Steiger changes his mind and decides he wants to quit after all--according to press reports, he said no late last week to becoming the new Lou Dobbs at CNNfn) you'll know the economy is about to tank.
there was a lot of the human character when he was home alone and he was trying to be tough and they s had a lot of human character there but when it was the real slapstick moments him versus the criminals kind of thing it just sort of lost the human element became purely a caricature
The foursome became core members of a group of radical Muslims, often hosting sessions at their Marienstrasse apartment that involved extremely anti-American discussions.
In the wake of Ralph Reed's departure, donations are down, and other groups (notably the Family Research Council) have become more influential.
and uh my brother became involved with them over twenty years ago as a manager and then ended up being both manager and conductor for quite a number of years
At the request of Congress, we studied a number of leading public sector organizations that were successfully pursuing management reform initiatives and becoming more results-oriented.
The weakest, most fractured Arab state had become the front line for an Israeli-Palestinian war that other Arab countries wanted kept far from their borders.
it almost becomes more more cost you know to much cost and more trouble than it's worth you know to to put somebody like that to death or something that you know
Over time, this challenge diminished as members became familiar with each other, enthusiastic members moved past general topics, and rules of behavior were clarified.
In doing that research, I became painfully aware of how much personal information was already "sloshing around," as you put it.
they've drawn from both sides and i really haven't sensed any of that yet i it may become more obvious to me in later on
As Lewis says, “Although the current study is impressive in its size and scope, even here, the sample size becomes an issue, with the most convincing results seen in the most common cancers.”
Since then, Jews have become more integrated into American life, and Hanukkah has embedded itself in television, office parties, Hallmark stores, Barnes & Nobles, and other leading American cultural institutions.
it's very difficult and i've after almost two years i've become a little bit disillusioned and i'm not real sure that
Since I became Comptroller General, one of the most important activities in which GAO has been engaged is the development of its first strategic plan for the 21st century.
Because they are Irish-Catholic, tightknit, and play touch football, the Baldwins constantly compare themselves to the Kennedys . It is a Baldwin commonplace to say that either Alec or Billy will become president.
no kidding i don't know that so the more a car becomes computerized the more TI becomes involved
Our next experiments were designed to examine whether the EGFR becomes tyrosine phosphorylated during ERK activation by DSLET.
The Scots who edit and publish Chambers do not accept what most English and Americans and Canadians do when they say some Scottish words that have become standard English on both sides of the Atlantic.
I became convinced that a strong connection exists between the way that we decorate our homes and the way that we dress ourselves.
He became the Buddha, the Enlightened One, and embarked on travels to spread his beliefs.
and it's really become quite sophisticated this summer they had Grease and they had the Buddy Holly Story
The angle mesenchyme was more densely packed and continuous with the mesenchyme extending onto the primitive iris that will become the iris stroma (Figure 2D).
As for Burgon, who later in life became Dean of Chichester, he retains a tiny niche in the history of English literature for two immortal lines of poetry he composed in 1845, much quoted and much admired ever since.
With the rediscovery of Greek and Roman Classicism, Gothic became distinctly unfashionable.
The former Roman settlement of Portus, it combined with Calus, its twin town on the opposite bank, to become known as Portucale in the early Middle Ages.
so that's that's really cool i mean there's this one song called Popular that became the song It's Hard with um a different verse
When the National Research Council published its recommendations for changing the undergraduate training of future life scientists, the BIO2010 report, access to student-based research was a primary recommendation: “Colleges and universities should provide all students with opportunities to become engaged in research …” (National Research Council 2003).
Doris Kearns Goodwin ( Meet the Press ) further puddles the issue, insisting the "whole system has become corrupted."
But perhaps the main reason is that production of factory-sewn clothing has become increasingly cost effective.
In 1869 Y okohama became an international port, and the burgeoning international community quickly spread beyond its confinement to the high ground still known today as the Bluff.
that they've just decided to become apathetic towards it all because they realize there's absolutely or they think that there's absolutely nothing they can do about it
20 And, when the no-shift elasticities of the basic and workshared product are the same, the gains become even smaller and the peak becomes very pronounced.
The only way an economy can become something more than a bunch of people taking in each other's washing, that is, the only way an economy can actually improve living standards and increase the collective wealth, is when one of two things happens: Either people work more hours, changing empty time into a product or service, or people create more value with those same hours.
At the time the amendment was enacted, it was fairly clear that the drafters and the public had a broad construction in mind, for the Thirteenth Amendment became the constitutional foundation in 1866 for the first Civil Rights Act—indeed, the Act that is still used today to prosecute those who, like the police who beat up Rodney King, engage in racially motivated deprivations of civil rights.
The bridge marks the spot where the Buddhist priest Shodo is said to have crossed the river in the year 766 on the backs of two huge serpents, to found the temple that would later become Rinnoji.
i certainly agree with that we have Dallas has now become one of the most
Pairs of SNPs where D ' values are reversed between the populations also show a reversal of the relative risk (that is, relative risks greater than 1 become less than 1).
His camera becomes increasingly energized, and Bulworth's gung-ho tastelessness takes on an exhilarating life of its own.
We explore how the set of practices that traditional retailers drew on to merchandise and distribute products became increasingly costly.
This area has become a haven for both discriminating travelers looking for super-exclusive resorts and budget-conscious tourists seeking secluded beaches off the beaten path.
but what you don't forget is the growing up it's really the period when people become adults
Its author, a neurologist who has also become a writer by virtue of having published her first nonacademic book, draws on her knowledge of neuroscience, her medical career as a clinician, and her experiences as a patient.
But his latest novels do more than just showcase it; they become its victims.
In the performances of some groups there is a queen, La Reina, but in others she might be called La Malinche, the Indian woman who became the mistress of Cortés, who represents innocence or the Church.
African gold brought wealth in ancient times, and the darker skinned Nubians became invaluable trading partners to the ancient Egyptians; living around Aswan in the south, they remain close to their roots and their strong musical traditions.
well i think that you know brand name products that we've become familiar with have in most cases you know gotten better
As structures grow larger and become multiclonal they no longer appear to be dominated by fluid currents and as their density in the population decreases chance positioning by convection becomes less likely.
In any case, it has become painful to listen to Eastwood talk.
But as product variety has increased and product life cycles have shortened, this tension has become increasingly acute, prompting inventory management practices to evolve in recent years to meet rapidly changing market demands.
Further west the island takes on less of a tourist feel and agriculture becomes the focus.
when your life becomes sedentary is when you have to make yourself a plan and what's real funny about plans is that there's a struggle between
The decision stage, however, appears to represent a kind of “cognitive bottleneck” for which the reaction times of the two tasks become interdependent.
In James Traub's "New York's Loneliest Liberal," he says: "By the time David Dinkins became mayor in 1989, this kind of spending had made New York ungovernable.
Many American industry participants and policymakers believe these changes could deal a fatal blow to the U.S. apparel industry, which will become even more exposed to global competition.
As you cross the bridge into Aranjuez on the road from Madrid, the spacious, geometric town plan becomes apparent.
in in selected in selected spots and that's really becoming a really big problem but that's not to down play the importance of AIDS research you know
However, at the late stage of cytokinesis, as soon as the two daughter cells begin to separate from each other, GFP-MHCK-C became detectable at the newly formed posterior regions of the two daughter cells.
James A. Johnson, chairman of both the Kennedy Center and the Brookings Institution, has become, at age 53, Washington, D.C.'s Medici.
7 In the postbellum institutional shakeup, however, the Court would become more aggressive in exercising its power to overrule decisions by other agencies of government.
In 1902, Alfonso XIII became king at the age of 16.
it almost became a a popular thing to just to experiment and try it
Other 35S:GFP-COP1 loci become transcriptionally silenced upon exposure to the C73 locus (Fig.
If the angels (who become serial killers on their trek to New Jersey, gorily murdering Ten Commandments violators as a kind of last hurrah), succeed in their mission, God will be shown to be fallible, the center will not hold, and the apocalypse will destroy all life in the universe.
An expressive term used among Chicanos to describe other Chicanos who have become very gringo-like, very anglicized (inglesado), or americanizado.
If you’ve become an enthusiast of large “strolling” gardens, the 18th-century Korakuen, in the nearby town of Okayama, is considered a must by connoisseurs.
i tend to agree with you and i think there's a lot of that um ah yeah we have become lawsuit happy any little thing it's like let's see what i can get don't you think that maybe a lot of that came from um
Indeed, p53 controls the low-level damage-dependent premeiotic checkpoint which facilitates DNA repair during spermatogenesis [ 25 ] . Gametogenesis is inherently error-prone [ 26 ] and subject to mutations [ 27 ] . Nevertheless, it is imperative to avoid genotoxic complications that could become integrated into the germline.
But it probably means that expecting eBay to become a proverbial ten-bagger (rise 1,000 percent) from here is a mistake.
Brunvand calls it a classic automobile legend, and its prevalence has increased since cars became affordable to all social classes.
By the time of Philip of Macedon it had become a thriving commercial port.
uh she then informed me that the woman no longer wanted the little puppy and wanted to know if we wanted to keep it well after you had an animal for a couple of weeks it's uh you become attached you become attached to it
Isaac Benjamin became ensnared in a bureaucratic snafu that took away his Social Security disability payments for more than two years.
Like his wife Susan Molinari, who quit last year to become a news anchor on CBS, he said his move was prompted by a desire to spend more time with his family.
It has become an industry adept at producing high-quality products in large runs competitively and its strengths and limitations must be understood in this context.
By a.d. 900, the Hong Kong islands had become a lair for pirates preying on the shipping in the Pearl River Delta and causing a major headache for burgeoning Guangzhou; small bands of pirates were still operating into the early years of the 20th century.
and then so if she ever does become ill
Building on the foundation established by Dorsey is Wilhelm H. Joseph Jr., who became executive director in 1996.
As has become common in merger reporting, some of the papers attempt to cloak the event in intrigue and drama.
My second and core question became, What must a physical system be to be an autonomous agent?
After the death of Columbus in 1505, Jamaica became the property of his son Diego, who dispatched Don Juan de Esquivel to the island as Governor.
it is interesting though it becomes a little of personality in fact the the guy that was on the weatherman on channel eight worked for me oh long time ago twenty years or so even longer than that twenty one twenty three years ago or so
In 1991, faced with rising budget pressures, a growing project inventory, and the need to become more results-oriented, the Corps initiated a comprehensive review of its civil operation and maintenance program.
Very much to her credit, she hasn't become bitter about her shrinking influence; she's not stuck in whiny nostalgia for the way things were.
Los Penitentes became a strong institution in rural New Mexico because there were too few Catholic priests to oversee the religious life of the people during the early nineteenth century.
They are proud of the scenic beauty, delectable wines, and exquisite hand embroidery that their tiny island has become rightly famous for.
and of course the salt does melt the ice but then what melts immediately freezes and becomes uh a perpetual problem
Between these two effects, it is likely that cells with aggregated α-synuclein will become less able to handle damaged or misfolded proteins.
Almost none of the people you mention as writing those important books of the past were professors--I think of Jane Jacobs, Edmund Wilson, W. H. Whyte--or if they were, they became professors late in life, after having been editors, and the like, for example Dan Bell, and me too.
So it may begin to be worth raising the question whether the universe can expand into an adjacent possible for vastly longer periods than the current lifetime of the universe, becoming evermore kinetically trapped, thus evermore specific and more refinely dierentiated.
As you approach St. Giles Cathedral, the Royal Mile becomes High Street.
it has become a necessity
More recent work by E. Tuomanen, A. Tomaz and their colleagues supported this interpretation, a phenomenon they called phenotypic tolerance [ 29 30 31 ] . They also provided evidence that nutrient limitation was the cause of the decline in the rate of bacterial growth [ 32 ] . Not only do bacteria become increasingly refractory to the majority of antibiotics as their rate of growth declines, but they also adsorb to and replicate bacteriophage less efficiently [ 24 33 ] , as is evident from the PRA values in Fig.
The subsequent "Leuchter Report" became the backbone of Zundel's defense (he lost anyway) and of the burgeoning revisionist movement led by David Irving.
These folk dance groups became popular in Mexico right after the Mexican Revolution, but did not become prevalent in the United States until the 1960s.
For art purchases, areas worth exploring are Consell de Cent, in the Eixample; Passeig del Born, becoming a hot new gallery area; and the streets around the contemporary art museum, MACBA, in Raval, where other galleries are quickly springing up.
and so what we go through is uh if you see it smoking there's a problem and having worked with some of the legal folks very closely uh it becomes a real issue especially when it's smoking and you have to get it fixed el pronto
Some care must be used in the application of this technique because, if the initial estimates of a i and T i are far from the correct values then, for the 3-exponential case, it is possible for the solution to become stuck in a local minimum, far from the global minimum.
In Milan, a front-page editorial in Corriere Della Sera titled "The Memory of Lady Diana in Ashes" sought to explain why "the river of tears has slowed down and the dissenters from the myth have become bolder and more numerous."
The narrative of the Fifth Sun is based on an Aztec myth that has become an important cultural expression commonly incorporated into Chicano cultural events.
Lisbon became a thriving outpost under Muslim occupation.
you know then the bad guys would become better at using the guns you know
Over the past three to four years, says Zon, this area of research has become a growth industry.
They can drop out of the entire rat race and become folk singers or something, or they can belly up to the bar and play in the real world where money is generally the accepted way we keep score.
Can quantum geometries become coupled with one another or dierent parts of one quantum geometry become coupled, so to speak, and decohere?
Coal was the logical fuel for the long trains carrying coal to the rest of the country, and Datong became the major steam locomotive manufacturer for China.
i think uh you know that uh i think Dallas is becoming diverse enough now to accommodate almost any need
Interviewed later about the deaths of the Africans, Bin Ladin answered that "when it becomes apparent that it would be impossible to repel these Americans without assaulting them, even if this involved the killing of Muslims, this is permissible under Islam."
The incentive to a commercial author is to get the application on the shelf so she can derive income from it; if Version 1 happens to have bugs in it, the bug fixes become a selling point for Version 2.
The fundamental standards of product identification through bar codes and related technologies have become compatible worldwide without the prescription or regulation of a Bureau of Standards or government regulatory agencies.
It is even becoming something of a commuter town — owning or renting an apartment here costs a fraction of what it would in Hong Kong.
has the opportunity to get out of control and become a huge problem
President Bush explained to us that he had become impatient.
According to the Chronicle of Higher Education , Fish will become dean of liberal arts and sciences at the University of Illinois at Chicago, a respected commuter campus making a bid for greater prestige and attention.
The redemption and renaissance of our country would become possible only by confronting our “offences,” and that meant recognizing and compensating for the evil of slavery.
It also became a prime base for missionary activity, with its succession of devout followers of different faiths — the Franciscans, Augustinians, Dominicans, and the Jesuits — which held them in line along with a rigorous Inquisition most notably led by Francis Xavier, who came to Goa in the year 1542.
um but i think they're becoming more aware i think what will make the change is um enough of those who are aware and making an effort to do something about it those are going to have to ridicule
There he claims to have become a follower of the Islamist extremist teachings of various clerics, including one named Abdullah Sungkar.
Only the tiniest fraction of this output, however, actually achieves the first level of popular acceptance, and becomes a current hit . Having reached that level, it is almost as difficult to achieve the next one and become a standard , a drink that will still be popular by the time the next generation of current hits comes along.
A lechuza is a woman who has sold her soul to the devil and becomes an owl by night.
Though it disappeared from the record books following the decline of the Roman Empire in the fifth century — its lineage and magnificent monuments unappreciated — it has risen like a phoenix from the ashes since 1834, the year that it became capital of the modern country of Greece.
uh uh so do i i've become very aware of different political views because some of the things we have to discuss are very politically motivated or whatever i i really enjoyed it it's it's so funny when you live in one part of the country you only see that perspective
Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent.
The children and families who come to Pleasant Run are given the opportunity to become happy, loving, and productive members of our society.
Because you are an organization that cares, you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs.
A Big Sister is a mentor, a friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible, productive and successful adult.
For a minimum contribution of $250, you become eligible for a 50% Indiana state tax credit through the Indiana Department of Commerce Neighborhood Assistance Program (NAP).
I would posit that Bill and Michael and Steve and Jerry have become the Madonnas of the current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur.
Less than one week after September 11, an early version of what was to become the Patriot Act (officially, the USA PATRIOT Act) began to take shape.
The old draft directive on al Qaeda became, in effect, the first annex.
If true, this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth.
But the Roman Empire became Christian in the fourth century, and Jerusalem became a center of religion once again.
This deeper meaning lay, embedded in the text, ready to come alive for the first time as their Declaration became the sacred text of the American abolitionist movement.
The equality of nations has become a postulate of the international legal order.
In the contemporary liberal culture, equality is one of those values that has become so deeply held that it is neither questioned nor justified.
The question of the black franchise became associated with the fears of Democrats that a coalition of freedmen and Republicans would dominate the postbellum South.
The idea of human dignity, which we now take to be a shared premise of Western civilization, became the backdrop for our current faith in human rights and crimes against humanity.
So, it, that became a normal thing with us.
Meaning if they accept it, it becomes moot.
You were asked to become a plaintiff in this case by the ACLU, were you not?
Now, is it an accurate statement that in the year 2004, prior to you becoming a plaintiff in this case, you had never attended a single board meeting --
Now, did you ever speak to any of the teachers at Dover High School before you became a plaintiff in this case?
And so if you don't believe everything in the newspapers, don't you think before you became a plaintiff in a lawsuit that you should have taken some personal action to verify whether things that were produced in a newspaper were really accurate?
It's just that I didn't give much credit to Noel Weinrich's comments because he would say things like, Darwin's at least what, years old, a theory becomes a theory if you say it over and over again.
I have lately been reading accounts of the exploration of the western and northwestern deserts of Australia in the 1870s and I have become very aware of the effect absent necessities might have on the frequency of particular items in discourse.
I have lately been reading accounts of the exploration of the western and northwestern deserts of Australia in the 1870s and I have become very aware of the effect absent necessities might have on the frequency of particular items in discourse.
In every field, women too numerous to list were involved in developing knowledge and contributing to the welfare of their societies as they did so: the Roman Fabiola established a hospital where she worked both as nurse and doctor, becoming the first known woman surgeon before she died in AD 399.
The interest in man's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication, a few years ago, of Roots : on a far larger scale, we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man.
..[were] approaching the water obstacle during the cross-country section of the Harrods International Grand Prix when the leading pair became confused, turned back and became entangled with the second pair.
The zoot suit became a symbolic disguise that identified the zoot-suiter as neither a Mexican nor an American.
The minister who has a personal website on the internet, further said that he wanted Dubai to become the best place in the world for the advanced (hitech) technological companies.
And so vocabulary became electric for me.
Because the textile industry has become so capital intensive, there are fewer jobs than in the past—but the people who remain are, on average, paid more than apparel workers; some lower-skill jobs, such as the picker tender opening bales of fiber, have now been automated out of existence.
Many Bermudian businessmen and sailors were paid in money that became worthless after the Unionists won the war.
It has become obvious to me already how crucial the latest techniques and materials are to all fields of dentistry.
So, it's, it's become something that been unique as a collection of tapes.
It was necessary to settle the inevitable family quarrel about the kind of nation the United States would become.
He stayed for only a few days but returned in 1502, landing here when the ships of his fleet became unserviceable; he waited at St. Ann’s Bay for help to arrive from Cuba.
Where he had a, where he became, tried to become, a farmer and this was an area about 60 miles southwest of Toronto in what at the time must have been a pretty remote part of part of the province.
His classic work, With His Pistol in His Hand: A Border Ballad and Its Hero, first published in 1958, has become a standard work in Chicano studies and American folklore.
When bathing in the sea became popular at the end of the 18th century, wealthy families from Edinburgh began to spend days here “taking the waters” in state-of-the art “bathing machines. ”
As we enter a new century we hope that you too will wish to become a corporate partner.
He became a plumber's helper, you know and it killed him.
But it didn’t take long before most retailers wanted orders for basic apparel items replenished this way and they became very demanding.
Cosimo the Elder (1389–1464) became the city’s ruler and founder of the Medici dynasty in 1434.
I am writing to thank you for contacting Prevent Child Abuse New York and to invite you to continue sharing our mission by becoming a member.
Well, it's one of my favorite books now, but then it was; it became my passion.
Of course, becoming an advanced manufacturer is not just a matter of buying more information technologies or setting up a short-cycle assembly line.
By the early 18th century Canarians had become fully Spanish in both outlook and loyalties, and many volunteers joined the Peninsular War (Spaniards call it the War of Independence) which ended in 1814 with the restoration of Ferdinand VII to the Spanish throne.
Please use the enclosed pledge card and return envelope to become part of the mirror that IRT provides.
I became a pitcher.
Complex pairs of quantum objects that decohere readily, or classical objects and those quantum objects that are caused to decohere readily when interacting with the classical object, form preferred pairs that tend to decohere, hence become frozen into classicity.
But the Jamaicans voted instead for full independence, which became official on 6 August 1962.
I hope you have read, in the school's Alumni Bulletin, how our dental school has taken aggressive steps to streamline operations and enhance academic opportunities while becoming more financially efficient.
But, um, one of the other areas, uh, I did learn to enjoy, I can't remember exactly when it was, but science fiction became, became intriguing to me, and I think it was during high school years.
“By the 1930s the charro costume became an institutionalized part of the Mariachi tradition when the government required Mariachis performing for official functions to wear charro outfits” (1993, 17).
Bahamians have always had to fend for themselves, and this resourcefulness has led them to become proficient at a number of practical handicrafts, many of which make beautiful souvenirs.
You can make a contribution to the Free Library and become a member of the Citywide Friends with the attached form.
In fact my aunt who just died within the last month was living in the house that my grandmother and grandfather built when they first moved to Guelph very old wood-framed house on two lots and at the time this wasn't a big deal but now it is, there's about a hundred yards of, a hundred yard wide strip of forest behind the house and then behind that is a private country club, and a very nice one and so the land the land has become very valuable.
On this interpretation, my claim that we cannot finitely prestate the configuration space of a biosphere becomes the claim that the biosphere keeps generating new “causal axioms” from which it generates novel forms.
Covering some 2.5 hectares (6 acres), it has palms of every variety and the centerpiece is a huge South American fig tree whose enormous branches and roots have become intertwined into one great tree house.
And we just became very, very close friends and loved them dearly.
At first, it was easy to add new species, but it became progressively harder until no more species could be added.
Now the increased tourist traffic has encouraged local people to set up stalls by the roadside, and some of the villages have become quite accustomed to visitors.
They watched everybody's coming and going when we, we kids on the street became teenagers.
Yet, under the National Socialists, the code, which contains the provisions on family law, became tainted with notions of racial purity.
By 638 they controlled Palestine, and with the construction of the Dome of the Rock and the El-Aksa Mosque in Jerusalem this became the third-holiest of all Muslim cities (after Mecca and Medina).
Funds are needed here for use as seed money as we work toward establishing projects that should become self-supporting for the school.
I had a dream once of becoming a musician, most specifically, probably a producer slash rapper-writer extraordinaire in the music business and all of my hopes and dreams were shattered once I actually got involved in the music industry.
Although the concept is not mentioned in the Constitution, the freedom to say “yes” or “no” to particular commercial relationships has become an essential dimension of personhood.
At the same time, an architect named Robert Adam became popular in the fashionable circles of the well-to-do, having made a name for himself in England.
Act today to reserve your FREE CLOCK and become a member of the National Audubon Society.
And, um, the teachers themselves didn't necessarily emphasize it, it just became, the library became my favorite place.
Hence, it became more probable that specific pairs of spontaneous and nonspontaneous processes might become linked in a variety of ways, capturing the energy resources of the spontaneous processes that could then flow in constrained ways into the nonspontaneous processes to yield novel consequences.
To the delighted curiosity of Japanese visitors, the houses are filled with the kind of Victorian paraphernalia that is becoming increasingly popular in modern Japan: damask-covered furniture, an upright piano, a massive mahogany sideboard, and a grand old gramophone with a big horn, manufactured by the Nippon-Ophone Company.
Your gift, along with the many others we receive, will provide vital resources for today's Girl Scouts to become tomorrow's community and business leaders.
My friend Maria Cartsokalis, um, who I went to school with at St. Andrew's, and we became friends when I was in fifth or sixth grade and she lived across the street from me and I loved to go to her house because she had a pool and my parents did not.
Windermere and nearby Bowness became major resort towns.
I write to ask you to become a supporter of the Moving Company.
And so, he helped his uncle escape the chain gang and after they got back in NC his uncle became sick, and within about three months, uh died from tuberculosis.
Supposedly the word gained popularity after Avila Camacho became president of Mexico because in ballads macho easily rhymed with Camacho.
The rebellion was crushed, Dhaskaloyiánnis was flayed alive, and the event became the subject of a rousing epic poem.
When diabetes took his sight he suffered severe depression, became withdrawn, and all but refused to leave his home until he went for rehabilitation training at WBRC.
Where he had a, where he became, tried to become, a farmer and this was an area about 60 miles southwest of Toronto in what at the time must have been a pretty remote part of part of the province.
The party of Lincoln became the radicals in Congress, and Lincoln’s successor, Andrew Johnson, himself from Tennessee with roots in the yeomanry of the former Confederacy, was less eager than Congress to effectuate a cleansing of the governments that had supported the rebellion.
West of Maspalomas the coastline becomes dominated by towering, rather barren looking cliffs, that every now and again form natural bays and coves well-suited to become resorts in their own right.
Um, and she played tennis at our club on Saturday, and then we got together and went to the anniversary party, and ended up out with some friends of ours after that was over, and, I think, basically spent the entire weekend together, and I just became closer and closer and closer to her.
The relationship of government to private individuals becomes triadic or three-cornered.
In 1967 elections, the Progressive Liberal Party was victorious, its leader Lynden O. Pindling becoming premier.
Um, so that became, that has become one of my favorites, Little Women, that started in, um, high school.
The industry underwent another substantial restructuring in the 1980s, and product lines became even more concentrated.
On the wharf, take a ferry across to the lovely little Ile aux Coudres, another fishing community that has become a favorite artists’ haunt.
Grants are becoming harder to secure and we must look to the generosity of individuals to sustain the program.
So he doesn't know but he, he doesn't die he survives um and grows old becomes an old, old, an old Indian and, um, um, becomes you know one of the leaders of the tribe but he's always got this one goal is to find that mountain lion that got his arm and really he doesn't really care that much about the mountain lion he wants his arm or somebody's arm.
Justice Harlan’s fidelity to Lincoln’s vision of the postbellum constitutional order becomes clear in his appeal to the concept of nationhood.
Its ruler, Chandragupta Maurya (321–297 b.c. ), was also to become the founder of India’s first imperial dynasty with Pataliputra (modern Patna), the world’s largest city at the time, as its capital.
65% of participants will indicate that since they have been coming to the YMCA, caring about other people has become more important to them.
Guadalupe became the symbol of Indian Catholicism, different from the European Catholicism of the Spaniards.
At the eastern end of Back Lane and turning right, Nicholas Street becomes Patrick Street, and in St. Patrick’s Close is St. Patrick’s Cathedral (see page 42).
More than 1,000 individuals and some 1,000 organizations participate annually in courses and workshops offered by the Center's Fund Raising School, the only national university-based fund raising training program with an international reputation for helping organizations become leaders in ethical fund raising.
So this fixture in our house became this Mr. Speckman person.
Born in northern New Mexico on May 16, 1894 (although some sources give her birth date as 1898), Fabiola Cabeza de Baca became a famous home economist, teacher, folklorist, and writer.
The trade in sugar cane and spices was becoming profitable.
As a leader of the law school, I urge you to consider a significant annual gift of at least $1,000 and become a member of the Maennerchor Society.
And so she moved to New York and she went to school there, she made it through school and she did become a attorney.
For a central puzzle of quantum mechanics becomes the relation between this odd quantum world of possible events, where the possibilities can propagate, but never become actual, and the classical world of actual events.
Laozi is immortalized by his book of thoughts on man, nature, and the universe, Daodejing (“The Way and Its Power”), which became the major text of China’s greatest indigenous religion, Daoism (Taoism).
If you would like to become a member of ELM, please fill out the enclosed membership form and send it back at your earliest convenience.
So he doesn't know but he, he doesn't die he survives um and grows old becomes an old, old, an old Indian and, um, um, becomes you know one of the leaders of the tribe but he's always got this one goal is to find that mountain lion that got his arm and really he doesn't really care that much about the mountain lion he wants his arm or somebody's arm.
In many U.S. cities Día de los Muertos ritual celebrations have become community affairs that include more than the Chicano community and may entail a procession through the streets ending at a local school or community center.
Less conservative than Martinique, Guadeloupe of late seems to be bidding to become the nudist playground of the Caribbean.
IUPUI envisions a complete and unified university campus, one that will become a model for public higher education for the nation's cities.
It's just a natural thing if you, if you have certain guy friends that you become very possessive over and you see someone, whether it's their new girlfriend or their new best friend or whatever, comes in and takes up some of your time, I think it's just human nature to get jealous and to kind of put up a, you know, an offensive front to whoever the invader or the intruder is.
     the community will become supracritical.
Ibiza became a mere backwater, largely forgotten but for shipwreck or plague.
As you know, just a few short weeks from now, families everywhere will be celebrating Mother's Day, honoring mothers in ways that have become so familiar to all of us over the years.
And, um, the teachers themselves didn't necessarily emphasize it, it just became, the library became my favorite place.
Although rancheras are intensely male centered, there are several female singers who became famous singing rancheras, such as Lola Beltran, Lucha Villa, and Amalia Mendoza.
But while this is still true to a degree, the gap is now closing and Lisbon is becoming altogether more European.
I became so frustrated in 1985, I made a business of helping disabled veterans.
And why did she go out and become a heron addict or--"
In honor of our recent arrival become a proud parent of the Indianapolis Zoo's newest African Elephant, "Amali" which means hope.
And my grandfather ran away from home as a very young boy and became a sailor and sailed back and fourth across the Atlantic.
The short-cycle plant becomes more competitive for two reasons: (1) there is less work-in-process; and (2) the finished goods inventory level necessary to satisfy retail demand for each SKU is less because the short-cycle plant can respond to actual demand more quickly.
After Parliament in London abolished slavery in 1833, there was a transitional apprenticeship period of 5 years before all slaves in the colony became fully free on 1 August 1838.
He became so frustrated with available jobs that he went into business for himself.
and um i'm not sure that people in the education establishment really know what their purpose is and i'm really sad to say this i never thought i would have but i really think that uh the educational establishment has become part of the problem
As with other federal agencies, performance information is becoming an increasingly important part of DOD's budget process.
Wolf, whose $15,000 per month retainer was just cut to $5,000, urged Gore to condemn President Clinton for his sexual foibles and to become an "alpha male."
I mean I just, and, and, therefore, the dictionary itself became something that I really, I mean if I had to choose one book besides my Bible it would be the dictionary!
The three promises of Gettysburg—nationhood, equality, and democracy—should have become the guiding values for interpreting the amendments that would govern postbellum America.
In order to help Balinese better prepare for new jobs in the tourism market, English language courses became mandatory in middle and secondary schools throughout the island.
But what I'm proudest of, is that our education program has become a national leader among fully professional not-for-profit regional theatres.
well that's that's true uh i've become i've kind of become a Rangers fan over the last eleven years since i've been here
Once executive management endorses the centrality of the CIO organization and becomes a partner in the development of new systems, the CIO organization must execute its responsibilities successfully.
Your computer would have become the instantly searchable repository of all your correspondence, financial transactions, data searches, and phone conversations.
Why do you think they're becoming so trendy in recent years?
The agringado figure has become a stock character in Chicano culture and is frequently encountered in folklore, literature, and popular culture.
The first Dutch military expeditions disembarked near Singaraja, which became the island’s administrative capital and the colony’s chief port.
So please become an Audubon Society Member now!
um it's it's becoming really health conscious
Over time, policies and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in threats, changes in operations, or deterioration in the degree of compliance.
Yet the overall picture is positive: The private schools are becoming more integrated while the suburbs are becoming more integrated, too.
But, um, one of the other areas, uh, I did learn to enjoy, I can't remember exactly when it was, but science fiction became, became intriguing to me, and I think it was during high school years.
Originally it was organized for religious observances and practices, including pious prayer and bodily penance, but the society eventually became very important in providing mutual aid to the local communities.
Martinique and Guadeloupe, formal départements since 1946, have recently become régions in an administrative reshuffle.
My dream is to see every American become part of the Olympic family, so please give whatever you can.
well uh it it it it becomes sort of a a topic where i sit there and and i have a knee jerk reaction and then i have a a reaction after i think about it a little longer uh
Treatment was continued until disease progression became evident or side effects became intolerable.
Increasingly I fear that golf has become auto racing.
I know that I fell in love with her that weekend, um, and ever since then, she has been an absolutely fantastic part of my life, very integral to the person that, uh, I have become.
The simple act of destroying a piece of cloth becomes a major event watched closely by the police and the media.
By 1558, after Henry VIII’s break with the Roman Catholic Church, all the existing foundations in Dublin had become Anglican (see page 14).
but to get down to the beach you had to walk down a real steep embankment i mean it was so steep they had put railroad ties as stair steps every once in a while mainly for the erosion and that became a path as it were
Larry Harley, who became its executive director in 1993 and still holds that office, joined it in 1975 as a paralegal and came back in 1979 as a lawyer.
But Dalí rapidly became slack, repetitious, corrupt, and in the end completely pathetic.
One of my best friends growing up, um, was named Bonnie Martin, and I met her when I was in fourth grade at St. Andrew's Catholic School and we became friends, um, almost immediately because we learned that we lived close to one another and it was about maybe the second or third week of school when she invited me to her house, and she lived, um, in an oceanfront house, and, uh, we went, um, we spent the day watching TV, watching General Hospital, which was both of are favorite shows, and we would walk on the beach, and we would play with her dog and then we would walk down to the pond and feed the ducks and we would ride our bicycles all around the neighborhood.
Warsaw, more strategically located in the center of the country, became the official capital of Poland in 1596.
When your gift helps an outstanding student become an outstanding teacher, you will know that you, too, have touched the future.
oh lot of stuff that actually has uh ended up becoming popular like uh Nirvana and uh
Although public attention usually focuses on the dates by which the trust funds are projected to become insolvent, the effects associated with financing cash deficits for these programs will be felt sooner as the baby boom generation begins to retire.
Lemann got one detail wrong: Griswold didn't become Yale's president until a few months after Buckley graduated, so the president in question would have been Griswold's predecessor, Charles Seymour.
So you became a character.
If I am not yet entirely convinced and if I am  as I am  biased, I nevertheless become increasingly confident that cells, and probably communities of cells, do live in the ordered regime near the edge of chaos.
The lowering of duties and trade barriers at a time of considerable shipping expansion had the desired effect, and Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas soon became two of the world’s busiest ports.
It was here they became
if that uh becomes less and less likely factory jobs are so much more um uh sophisticated
There are now examples in which research on priority areas for the developing nations can actually become pioneering work in areas neglected by the research agenda of the industrialized world.
Soon after his return, Maggs encounters Tobias Oates, a novelist and self-styled "cartographer" of the "Criminal Mind," of which Maggs is soon forced to become the hapless embodiment.
And she and Leola, Leola brought her over to see Daddy for a condolence call, and sparks flew and they started going out and that's when they decided to get married and she became my stepmom.
It is interesting to remark that at some point if the dimensionality of the adjacent possible of a microstate of the Earth system increases enough, the volume within a microstate corresponding to flow to a specific adjacent possible microstate will become small enough that it must run up against Heisenberg’s “uncertainty principle.”
His successor, Ramón Berenguer IV, united Catalonia with neighboring Aragón by marriage, and his son Alfonso II became the first joint-king of Aragón and Catalonia and was known as “the Emperor of the Pyrenees.”
We need your help to continue our work, particularly as we enable area families with low incomes to become home owners.
uh it's as years go by it becomes more fun now than it was twenty eight years ago you know but uh
, 1 bp change per 100 bp) in FastGroup, then the two major ClustalX Groups become apparent (e.g.
And, since rock's into defining moments, perhaps we can agree that, if July 9, 1955, is Year Zero, then the day David Bowie became the Man Who Sold Himself--for a rock 'n' roller's only inventory is his image and his songs--is Year Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero-Zero--the $55 million day rock 'n' roll finally gave up on revolution.
I was surprised that you haven't become a librarian.
After the Mexican Revolution rancheras became more agreeable to the upper classes because of the movement toward a Mexican identity and nationalism and a rejection of European cultural values.
Québec is said to be derived from an Algonquin word meaning “where the river narrows,” and this becomes most apparent when you see the city’s great outcrop of rock, jutting out over the St. Lawrence.
The Indiana Historical Society would like you to become a member.
i think that a company or a boss could use this you know they could keep on doing this to you or something i guess i can see where it could become a problem
Note that since the discount is equal to the savings experienced at the margin as additional pieces become workshared, the base (1996) position becomes the efficient component pricing (ECP) position.
Others, notably Ken Shamrock (Frank's brother), have become pro wrestlers.
Uh, it's interesting how, uh, stories become so impressionable the younger the hearer.
In the debates about the rights of New Orleans butchers before the Supreme Court, the notion of citizenship and its privileges became the stakeholder for any residual yearnings to express the rights of the nation.
And as Ger­many’s own imperial ambitions grew, competition for world markets became intense.
As we become independent, please help us strengthen the distinction of your degree.
so then it becomes a kind of music of of it's own so to speak or hm
Once chromosomal positions of the QTLs have been determined to a precision of 1-3 cM, reducing the probability that a QTL actually represents a cluster of linked genes, it will become appropriate to assess strengths of candidates using transgenic animals and by sequence comparisons [ 43].
But somehow it seems unlikely that spinning would have become such an institutionalized practice if investment banks didn't have a pretty good sense that a stock's price was going to jump on its opening day.
It just sounded very interesting and uh, I've become quite a fan of his.
At some point, the community as a whole might become chemically supracritical.
Funchal’s deep natural harbor propelled the city’s development in the 15th and 16th centuries, when Ma­dei­ra became known to expeditions on their way to the Far East and Americas.
You are invited to become a part of this important new venture to strengthen this growing partnership of two great state universities in Indianapolis.
and support the institution and a instead of becoming adversaries to the teachers so that the uh the teacher's in the middle
Some units whose members had become separated during the climb attempted to regroup so they could descend together.
Michael Pollan, the writer and magazine editor, writes in A Place of My Own about how he had become so disconnected with the physical world that he finally decided to hammer together a writing hut in his backyard, a desperate attempt to make contact with real objects.
And, um, she was, she became, she was a teaching nun, she taught in a school, um, Marymount was the name of the, uh, of the convent and, and the school, and they had a, a school in Tarrytown but they also had a school in Manhattan.
For the postwar Germans, then, the law, and particularly the Basic Law became the means for suppressing evil impulses and returning to the promises of an earlier national self.
With his ambition of uniting the states of Brandenburg and Prussia, it was the Great Elector Friedrich Wilhelm (1640–1688) who prepared Berlin to become a strong capital, and fortified it as a garrison town.
to the point where he uh became fairly stable i mean he he knew who we were when we went in to visit him even though he couldn't communicate with us
Syk from all clones analyzed became tyrosine phosphorylated after BCR stimulation (lanes 2, 5, 8 and 11).
A position that seemed logical a while ago now becomes irrational.
Anyway, she became a nun, and, um, I would go and visit her.
The local Theban god Amon became intertwined with Ra creating the deity Amon Ra and around 1800 b.c. , the female Osiris cult developed into a main deity.
The Indianapolis Zoo recently became the first zoo to breed successfully the critically endangered Grand Cayman blue iguana.
business um and then go on to become President sure you bet and
Countering terrorism has become, beyond any doubt, the top national security priority for the United States.
Eventually, the consequences will become unbearable to one side or the other.
I didn't really ask any questions I just thought it was interesting that she was putting the petals up her nose, and it kind of became fun to kind of cheer her into keep doing it, so I was like keeping going, keep going, "Yes!
Although Bourke was first and foremost a military man, he became interested in ethnology and anthropology and wrote extensively on these subjects.
North of Oike, Teramachi becomes home to some of Kyoto’s most respected antique and washi shops, some of which have been in business for hundreds of years.
Turn back the hands of time and remember when you made the decision to become a dental hygienist.
a car so so they they have become a very vital part of our of our monetary system over the last few years
As the array of hope in recent years, gene expression array technology has quickly grown into a powerful tool to chart a gene atlas in various biological sources and under various conditions in a massively parallel manner [ 5 6 7 ] . Facing the challenge of annotating such a huge amount of genomic data, increasing array information density and improving analysis algorithms have become two critical research areas to ensure that gene expression profiling proceeds in an efficient and cost effective manner.
The answer says everything about what Evans has become.
Um, well, do you think it also helped when you became a parent that you naturally wanted to read to your kids?
If no one can learn or exploit a given kind of job, that sort of job will not be widely populated and will not become diVerentiated into a family of similar jobs.
Two more foreign kings ruled after Róbert, but it was a Hungarian noble, János Hunyadi, who was to become the national saviour in the mid-15th century.
Yet those cards quickly became obsolete as computers shrank in size and new data-handling technologies were invented.
yeah my mother has made similar statements that she doesn't want to become a burden to the family you know just put me out to pasture or shoot me or something you know there are the lines that come from her and uh
While training at al Qaeda camps, a dozen of them heard Bin Ladin's speeches, volunteered to become suicide operatives, and eventually were selected as muscle hijackers for the planes operation.
The Nazi flag of the opening scene has become a Tibetan one, which they place on the summit.
Made his own way in life and became a member of school board.
In short, there seems to be no way to prespecify either the quantum or classical variables that will become relevant to the physical evolution of the universe.
Erechtheus — part man, part snake — was a legendary King of Athens who, over the generations, became closely connected with Poseidon.
yeah well i'm i'm certainly certainly sure that uh any drug test results would become a part of that
As shorter chronic tests were developed, it became common practice to apply the same terminology to the endpoints.
In early 1997, McCain became chairman of the commerce committee, which oversees the cable industry.
These individuals become their heroes, and uh, they try to emulate them.
In the verbal folklore repertoire of Chicanos, jokes abound about Mexicans who become Anglos and adopt the values, mannerisms, food, clothing styles, and verbal expressions of the dominant society.
The buildings here have great artistic and historic importance and for this reason have become the focus of a French-funded restoration project.
Our challenge is to maintain the tradition of our past and to become even stronger in the future.
my husband had an aunt who was addicted to the soaps and i want you to know that became the most suspicious cantankerous contrary old woman that ever was i mean she
Tang and Lane [ 49 ] showed that C/EBPα becomes associated with peri-centromeric chromatin upon expression during adipocyte differentiation.
Anyone who compares the multifarious dictionaries bearing the Webster name cannot help observing the differences in quality, quantity, and treatment offered: the name has become meaningless, made inferior by its universal application to virtually any kind of dictionary.
She was living at the same place at the time, uh, you know, it was sad of course it was also, you know, it was a binding experience my family did become closer after that, you know, because you know united in tragedy I guess you could say.
In the 1890s, the Pledge of Allegiance, our secular prayer to the flag, spontaneously spread across the country and became a standard part of the socialization process for all American children.
The blockade finally ended in May 1949, and West Berlin became a Land linked administratively with, but thus far not politically incorporated into, the new Federal Republic of Germany.
As a member of the family of Girl Scouts we need your continued support to help these dreams become a reality.
really i've heard a lot of good things about it but i've also heard that it can it becomes slow
When, after three transitional years, Randall became head of Kings College London's physics department and director of a biophysics research unit sponsored by the Medical Research Council (MRC), Wilkins was his deputy.
Steiner opens the collection with "The Uncommon Reader," a tour-de-force meditation on Jean-Siméon Chardin's painting Le Philosophe lisant , which becomes, through attentive reading of details--"his folio, his hourglass, his incised medallions, his ready quill"--an emblem for the vanishing culture of book and reader.
In the last thirty years Mariachi festivals have become very popular throughout the Southwest.
The Spanish remained for another 60 years, and Madeira became a Spanish territory.
so it's it's really become i don't know really become a mainstay i guess i can't even
the withdrawal of nutrition and hydration [ 21 22 ] ), patient monitoring, the stage and circumstances of the illness in which sedation can be offered or employed, and the informed consent process with patients and surrogates [ 23 ] . Requests for sedation seem to become of increasing relevance in advance directives, but the ethical implications may rise to conflicts between patients' wishes to hasten death and physicians' intentions to provide the best care and not to shorten life.
(Participants in the fourth study were able to assess their abilities more realistically, but only by becoming less incompetent.)
Um, I couldn't, um, help like bail the hay, pick up the hay, do anything because I was so small, so my mom and my dad and my older sister could, um, help collect the hay so my job became driving the truck and I could reach the pedals.
The connection between blood and salvation becomes much stronger, however, in the Christian interpretation of its Jewish legacy.
The park was established in 1935 and was given Corbett’s name after India became independent.
Day by day, your support as a member of the Conservancy becomes more and more crucial to the success of our work -- to protect and save natural areas that soon may be lost forever.
but i don't know my feeling is that American cars to keep up at all are becoming more reliable also so i may consider buying um an American made car
Additionally, C-reactive protein reduces endothelial nitric oxide synthase, upregulates the proatherosclerotic NF-κB pathway, enhances low-density lipoprotein (LDL) uptake by macrophages, which become foam cells, and facilitates T-cell- and complement-mediated destruction and apoptosis of the endothelium [2,26,29–31].
It did not go over and became known as the Philadelphia Urinal.
Turns out he was not very successful as a farmer and gave that up and moved into the city of Guelph which was a decent sized a free standing city outside of, of Toronto but much smaller than Toronto and build a house there and became, did a variety of jobs ah I don't believe I don't know if he had a particular trade other than being a sailor so he worked in a variety of jobs.
Rethinking how to service stringent retail replenishment requirements for ever broadening product lines in more selling seasons has become a central business challenge.
Hitler became Chancellor on 30 January 1933.
Special Opportunities No organization can anticipate every opportunity that may become available during its next budget cycle.
and you know like you said i i like the point that you brought up that that you said really it it needs to be individualized and i think as that happens more that the schooling will become better
The spouse was hospitalised for an invasive S. epidermitis infection that developed approximately two days after an undressed surgical incision became contaminated with sand blowing from an adjacent field treated with Class B biosolids.
Regis and Kathie Lee quickly became figures of ridicule, the embodiment of unhip.
I think that is really, um, putting your reading into real-life, uh, experiences and making your reading become a part of you and personalizing.
Large numbers of young men from El Paso, speaking the pachuco argot, settled in Los Angeles during the early 1940s, and it was there that they became recognized as an identifiable group, and considered to be gang members.
This impressive assembly earned the fertile Río Ameca Valley (just north of present day Puerto Vallarta) the name Valle de Banderas (Valley of the Banners), and the great bay just in front of the valley became known as Bahía de Banderas.
Not only have many of our class juggled family and job responsibilities with studies, but they also have made time to participate in student activities which have become traditions in our school.
your concern on the economies was one in terms of if it became a state would that put even more pressures on on Puerto Rico or pressures on the US in terms of aid or
After four serial passages in the immunocompetent mice, the infection became completely refractory to ACV treatment.
An opinion poll published Monday in the Guardian of London found, surprisingly, that a large proportion of Britons think Australia should ditch the monarchy: Forty percent said it should become a republic and 34 percent that it should keep the queen as its head of state.
But here I am, I knew and became very close to someone, my Aunt Mary, who in turn took care of my great-grandfather, and knew well, was old enough to recollect, you know, his stories.
In eect, the finite length of the strings prevents consideration of space becoming infinitely curved at a point.
The adjacent George C. Page Museum (5801 Wilshire Boulevard) has on display the skeletons of mammoths, mastodons, saber-toothed tigers, and other unfortunate creatures who became trapped in the sticky tar during the last Ice Age.
You can become a Branch Friend at your local branch.
you i think they do come become less aware and
This one compartment definition of FPM has become the standard definition in some laboratories [ 4 ] .
In those terms I have become richer.
And, ah, anyway, she, she decide, she said that she was, that she made this decision that she was going to go into the convent, and become a nun.
Only a woman can become a lechuza.
Iráklion was a thriving port in Minoan times and became known as Herakleium under Roman rule.
You become a member of the Citywide Friends of the Free Library as a benefit of giving $25 or more annually to the Free Library Foundation, and you can also join the Branch Friends in your neighborhood by paying a nominal membership fee at your local branch.
and was presented to the court as a fine upstanding young man who had uh been in seminary to become a priest and yeah
As the discount level (on the horizontal axis) gets up to ¾ of a cent, 20 billion pieces become presorted.
It's the beginning of what Bill McKibben called "the end of nature"--that is, when nature became no longer an autonomous, self-regulating force but one touched (and, in Miyazaki's view, poisoned) by human industry.
And, of course, the goal of this, uh, these sessions was to help individuals to become more familiar with uh, some of the uh, concerns and problems that uh, they may have due to language uh, new country and ability to uh, interpret what's happening around them.
The Gothic style became an established alternative for building country houses, and pointed arches appeared in décor and furniture.
Another important ceremony took place in 1999 when Macau became part of China.
We are also studying the transformation of a blighted warehouse building into artists' live-work loft space, which could become a cultural and economic magnet for the area.
just about as good a health care coverage that anybody can get that this uh then becomes an obligation of the government because it's gonna become an obligation of either state local or federal government anyway
The Legal Aid Bureau has become a lead player in the justice community by building partnerships with other organizations, the courts and the mediaCoall critical components to make justice available to all in Maryland."
"Visionary" has even become a profession.
This gentleman put her through nursing school, Memaw became a nurse, was working in the hospital, and was taking care of this one patient in particular, a woman who had just given birth to twins and had complications.
Many Chicanos, who may not have known the appellation pelado, nonetheless became familiar with the comic vagabond through Mexican films.
By 1674, when Louis XIV took formal control of the islands from the debt-ridden commercial administrators, Martinique had become France’s colonial capital in the Lesser Antilles.
There are many ways to become involved with the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens.
Besides becoming gringo-like, a Chicano agringado may overtly reject Mexican American culture, the music, the values, and even the Spanish language, by pretending not to speak it.
The 45-minute, 48-km (30-mile) drive along winding coastal Highway 333 from Halifax southwest to Peggy’s Cove has become a photographer’s pilgrimage.
We are becoming an institution without walls!
Whether the Union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval became one of the early legal controversies of the war.
Each is reached down long roads that become progressively more private-looking as the beach nears.
On his way to becoming an entrepreneur's entrepreneur, the Vietnam veteran suffered a number of setbacks and gained experience as a soldier, businessman, father, skier, and "Spiderman".
He became a bandit and robber after many wrongs were committed against him by Americans.
At least 6 stories high, they were reached through narrow alleys called “closes” or “wynds” that became the focus of city life.
Now more than ever girls need your support to help their dreams become a reality.
José Alfredo Jimenez wrote over 500 songs, many becoming classics that continue to be sung today by younger artists, that have a universal sentiment that speaks to the hearts of Chicanos.
The serpentine stone bulwark and elevated highway became Wanlichangcheng — “The Wall Ten Thousand Li Long” (about 6,000 km/3,700 miles).
THE GIRL SCOUT MISSION "To inspire girls with the highest ideals of character, conduct, patriotism, and service so that they may become happy and resourceful citizens."
The substitution of the Americans for the covenanted Jews—however sacrilegious the idea may sound—landed in the New World with the Puritans and became a standard item of Protestant theology.
Many of these same itineraries can be covered on two wheels as well as on two feet, and mountain biking and bike touring are becoming more popular.
Your past contribution provided a direct line of support for local programs that promote health and wellness, strengthen families, invest in our children, help people become self-sufficient, and serve the elderly and disabled.
If dierent parts of a single spin network geometry can become coupled, it is natural to assume that flat parts might decohere more slowly than distorted parts of that geometry.
The Summer Palace became her countryside version of the Forbidden City, her residence of choice even when the heat of summer diminished.
We appreciate your taking time to read about Futures for Children, I hope you are inspired to become a Sponsor and/or a Member.
From 1832 onwards, when governor-general Lord William Bentinck spent a happy summer here, it became the most prestigious hill-station.
Mirroring Abe's actions and seeing the results, he or she can become that much more confident, that much more able to face a difficult world and that much more willing to face personal responsibility.
She attended the Loretto Academy in Las Vegas and after graduating from high school became a teacher in a rural area six miles from her father’s ranch in La Liendre.
When Ieyasu became shogun in 1603, Edo in turn became the seat of national government — and its castle the largest in the world.
These buyers became the most important managers in wholesaler-jobber companies, foreshadowing the key status of the buyer in later retail organizations.
Cala Mondragó is practically undeveloped (by the standards of coastal Mallorca), and may stay that way by order of the regional government, which has become alarmed by the specter of unchecked building along the coast.
Or who helps Randy break a cycle of violence and become a better dad?
Sometimes she becomes visible to the wayward husband who is out late, drinking, and when he approaches her, she turns into an ugly horse-faced hag, scaring him into swearing abstinence forever.
The villa, with its classical portico to catch the summer breezes, was the Renaissance architect’s “visiting card” for scores of commissions, copied worldwide, especially on the cotton plantations of America’s Deep South, where elegant porch-living became an article of faith.
Take the first step toward making a difference in the lives of our young women and become a shareholder in the Girl Scout vision.
Several Tejano folk heroes, such as Gregorio Cortez, Juan Cortina, and Catarino Garza became memorialized because of their confrontations with the Texas Rangers.
It would not become reality for another 1,825 years.
Help People Become Self-Sufficient -- offer shelter for homeless families, disaster relief, employment & training, neighborhood support centers & specialized transportation;
The principles that should have inspired postbellum America became our Secret Constitution, remaining latent for decades before they would reappear to shape the contours of American law.
The Jesuits, founded in 1534, quickly became an army of theologians to combat heresy.
Indiana University's "peaks of excellence" are becoming more numerous and, at the same time, more vulnerable.
But the behavior of an agringado might involve the changing of one’s given name, so that Carlos becomes Charlie, Guillermo becomes Will, or Consuelo becomes Connie; or changing a surname, so that Rivera becomes Rivers or Puentes becomes Bridges.
After all, the very name “Hiroshima” has become a modern metaphor, the ultimate symbol of total obliteration.
The Friends operate at two levels -the Citywide Friends and the Branch Friends -and you can become active at either one or both levels.
Americans of the 1860s were essentially the same people who had tolerated the institution of slavery; their judges were of the same background and schooling as those who had declared in the Dred Scott decision that persons of African descent, whether born free or born in bondage, could never become citizens of the United States.
To alleviate the problem, the government has become the city’s major landlord with the construction of massive apartment blocks that, though they have every modern facility, average only 9 square m (100 square ft) in size.
This type of musical group has become a national symbol of Mexico and of most Mexicanos living in Greater Mexico.
Between the river and Dame Street, is the Temple Bar area, which has become famous for its nightlife andstreetlife.
This enables you to become a member of the foundation.
More, it begins to seem imperative to consider the specific possible pairs of quantum systems that can couple and decohere, for only thereby can such pairs become classical via decoherence.
Clive became governor and placed his own nawab on the throne, in exchange for £500,000 for himself and the Company.
Become a Society member today!
With the assassination in April 1865 of the man who had preached a new order of ideas, the United States became a country obsessed with power.
They appreciated the town’s loyalty to the crown, but the idea never occurred to anyone, let alone the two monarchs, that Madrid might one day become the capital.
When Urban became blind our son was very understanding of it, and at 24, he's adjusted very well to all that's happened.
“Black” and “African American” have become the norm, and it all happened without government’s uttering a sound.
And in another shift in the economy, it was found that lamb could be raised more cost-effectively on lowland farms — in part because of the richer, more nutritious grazing land available there — and as a result Lakeland farms became less profitable.
When a young, unmarried woman like Cecilia becomes pregnant, the risks to her unborn child are very serious.
In the examples above, the emergence of the genetic code and the emergence of chromosomes that duplicate and partition daughter chromosomes into two daughter cells, the evolution of controlled recombination, seem to become instantiated as “biological laws,” even though they are entirely historically contingent.
The so-called Untouchables have greater opportunities now to rise on the social scale, a few of them becoming captains of industry or cabinet ministers, but it’s still their brethren who sweep the streets.
Later, after reviewing your free issue, you wish to become a permanent member, you may do so, simply by paying our bill.
If the tension on the top and bottom thread is too high, the seam puckers and the seam length becomes less than that of the cloth.
The peninsula opposite the east coast of Ap Lei Chau island contains Ocean Park (open daily 10am–6pm; admission HK$150 adults, HK$75 children), which has become one of Hong Kong’s biggest attractions.
We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and his time at the Club before the letter became lost in the numerous pieces of mail one receives over the holidays.
To many Chicanas Malinche has become a symbol for the socioeconomic and educational limitations of contemporary life.
Cycling has become extremely popular in the Lakes, even taking into account the fact that some of the roads in the National Park are incredibly steep.
Miyares, a life member of DAV Chapter 2 in San Diego, California, became blind in 1984 due to diabetes.
The latter is sometimes mentioned in legal opinions,18 but it never became the rationale for decision making in the courts.
The governor general in Ottawa became the symbolic representative of the Crown rather than of the British government.
It is generally seen as a triumph that the classical thermodynamic concepts of temperature, pressure, and entropy were reduced to statistical features of idealized sets of gas particles: temperature becoming the average kinetic energy of the particles, pressure the momentum transferred to the walls of the vessel, and entropy a measure of the number of microstates per macrostate.
Consequently, the MHA Alumni Association has become the strongest alumni group in the SPEA family.
If any one of the several operators speeds up or slows down, the line becomes unbalanced.
Thereafter, the Legation Quarter exercised complete control over its own affairs, becoming its own foreign city within the city of Beijing.
There are many ways to become involved with the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens.
In the new competitive arena—where demand uncertainty and time to market have become important factors along with price—textile firms are being forced to adapt to information-integrated channels, rather than just drawing on the economies of scale that led to their success in the past.
This ultimate subsurface experience is becoming very popular in France, as it has been for a number of years in the United States.
You'll meet our students who are studying to become tomorrow's professional artists.
The central question has become whether nominal consent to sexual relations constitutes actual consent, deep agreement in the heart.
A tiny, treeless rocky island regularly swept by summer winds has become one of the most popular vacation destinations in the Mediterranean.
recycling has become somewhat in vogue we've always had recycling centers around where you can take in newspapers and bottles and things and put them in the right bin
It is becoming recognized that antigen-specific T cells may have substantially different requirements for cognate peptide (the peptide that is recognizable to a specific T cell clone) for efficient target lysis [20,21,22,23].
Yet the overall picture is positive: The private schools are becoming more integrated while the suburbs are becoming more integrated, too.
Since that time the college has become known as D-Q University.
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School (which became Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test Site) in the north, and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson, arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America’s war effort.
who become president are people who want to be president
Over the first decade of the new millennium, they urged the EU ‘to become the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world’.
But in fact the money quickly disappeared, as speculators--certainly including the oligarchs themselves--converted rubles into dollars as fast as the dollars became available.
Accordingly, when Bourke became interested in Mexican customs and language, he approached them as the cultural remains of a higher Spanish-Arabic civilization.
Squash has become a popular racket game and facilities are widely available.
uh a harp became available which there are just not very many instruments uh and a used harp became available in Colorado and they lived in in uh Missouri at the time
It has been postulated on clinical grounds that the anti-cancer effects of IL-2 are mediated through in vivo expansion and activation of cytotoxic lymphocytes [ 1] and/or promotion of their migration within target tissues [ 3], but it has become apparent that IL-2 at the doses used therapeutically has broader immune/pro-inflammatory effects [ 4, 5].
The LAT leads its story with the big picture: Hashimoto will become the third Asian leader in less than a year to be toppled from power by the region's economic crisis.
22 Despite these strict legislated standards—with wage levels updated from time to time—widespread violations in apparel workplaces have become commonplace in the 1990s.
Edinburgh became known as the “Athens of the North” for both its aesthetic beauty and its wealth of talented individuals.
all of a sudden they became a top forty type group appealing to the younger crowd
Instead, it appeared that the initial activation of cellular competence triggered by the mitogenic lectins was amplified by the LAF activity, which became known later as IL-1, and led to the secretion of the lymphocyte-derived IL-2 and the expression of IL-2Rs [ 14 15 ] . The subsequent interaction of IL-2 with the IL-2Rs then stimulated blastic transformation and progression through G 1 and into the S phase of the cell cycle, followed by mitosis [ 16 ] . Furthermore, detailed studies indicated that successful activation of the IL-2R is a quantal (i.e.
Specter, for example, pushed for the House to drop its Flytrap inquiry but, once Clinton was impeached, became an adamant supporter of a trial.
Thus, by extending themselves out over history, Americans became a nation in the European sense, in the same sense as had already been realized in England and in France and was then making itself felt in the unification movements in Italy and Germany.
By the 1980s, thanks to the broad avenues and new subway s tops built for the games, this had become one of the liveliest, trendiest, and demographically youngest quarters of the city.
right because it gets it can it can become very confusing for the child
20 And, when the no-shift elasticities of the basic and workshared product are the same, the gains become even smaller and the peak becomes very pronounced.
It is now becoming clear in retrospect that the '70s and '80s were a sort of golden age for the academic star system.
The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process—and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology.
Pieter Holthuysen was a successful trader in glass and English coal (which goes to prove that you didn’t need to trade in exotic goods to become wealthy).
and it was just i mean an absolute uh unforseen unforseen unforeseen thing that a woman should become president in this good ole boy city okay
Taking the G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) as an example, after agonist action, GPCRs activate G proteins and become phosphorylated by G protein-coupled receptor kinases [ 23 ] . This event promotes activation of effector enzymes and ion channels by the activated Gα GTP.
We have become "programmed to expect these artificial thrills" (Anthony Lane, The New Yorker ). (Clips are available here.)
The descansos, erected alongside rural roads where someone has died, become works of art that convey spiritual sentiments.
It became Athens’ enemy when it sided with the Spartans during the devastating wars of the fourth century b.c. but the city recovered quickly from the defeat and had a second period of influence that began during the third century b.c. when Philip of Macedonia made it the capital of the Corinthian League.
uh uh but i i think that uh that is uh well in in this day and age if the problem ever got under control where it became no longer a problem then maybe you know you could let the rules relax somewhat but
ISA became progressively more severe, profoundly affecting all eyes by 23 months (Table 1, Figure 1).
What Ellison is doing here, as Hemingway did, is equating the process of becoming an artist with that of becoming a man.
Mathematically, the thresholds become “separatrices” in the chemical state spaces of the bacteria, on one side of which the lactose operon turns on and on the other side of which it does not.
In 1947 the first offshore rig was opened and the Mississippi valley became a hub of oil and gas production and storage.
he certainly doesn't like the heat but he doesn't become lethargic anymore
Locker became a teacher, then later went to Harvard Law School.
It is extremely dangerous to addicts: Every trip to the store becomes a temptation.
A US purchase of the island from Spain had long been on the agenda, even though Martí had warned of becoming a satellite of the United States (“I know the Monster, because I have lived in its lair,” he wrote).
you know they've really become very much involved in in just that one organization which the organization can use the help too so i i wish i could see more of that you know
This finding is consistent with data showing an abundance of both interchromosomal and intrachromosomal duplications in the human genome [ 41 ] . It is unclear how many of these duplications are due to errors in genome assembly and how many represent authentic segmental duplications; correctly assembling duplications as a genuine landscape features of the genome sequence is a formidable informatics challenge [ 41 ] . In the future, as better, more accurate, genome builds become available, particularly with regard to the presence of duplications and other rearrangements and the annotation of genes and their promoter regions becomes more thorough and correct, it will be important to repeat this study for the whole genome sequence.
Disclaimer: All submissions will become the property of
Many English and Spanish words that have become altered by the opposite language, through cultural contact, are called pochismos.
After years of neglect, when it served only the lake’s loading docks, railway depots, and factories, the waterfront has become a major attraction for Torontonians at play.
and having to cover your own medical and uh you can quickly see where they become a very important part of your of your compensation package
Of course, third parties might become intermediaries between these bulk mailers and cream skimmers.
This raised a troubling question: if enough people were alive to the real significance of the sign, and so left the “best route” alone, would not the sign become trustworthy again?
A biosphere becomes complex, the universe becomes complex.
Throughout the 19th century, the United States, keenly interested in the island’s strategic significance and its sugar market, had become increasingly involved in Cuban affairs.
uh become well die or whatever i mean they probably became weakened physically and other things to the point that
Based on conditions described by civilians who descended stairwell A from at or above the impact zone, we conclude that stairwell A may have become effectively impassable as the morning progressed.
No, they were wrong, and the Inquirer was right in its initial Norplant editorial, when it noted that women would be free to "change their minds at any point and become fertile again."
A specific cloud, like our biosphere, presumably becomes kinetically trapped into a very special set of complex molecular species that happen to have formed as the cloud evolves.
Acapulco became the playground for the rich and famous.
that uh we you you became accustomed to it i guess but uh otherwise
When individuals finally become ill and seek care, treatment as a prevention strategy has lost much of its potential effectiveness.
The calavera has become the symbol of the downtrodden, who must laugh at life in order to survive it.
The house became a hotel, the Globe, in the mid-19th century but attracted notoriety again in the early 1860s when it became the office of a Confederate agent during the US Civil War.
at a lower interest rate becomes the thing to do
Although considerable time will elapse before enough strain-specific sequence information becomes available through genome sequencing projects to identify such traits, microarrays provide us with a tool to gain insight into genome composition at present.
"But when he became impotent, it took his identity away."
“It willfully destroyed the discipline of the round arch, which had become an incubus and a bore.”
Much of St. David’s subsequently became a small piece of the US on British soil.
so it became unanimous you know after they turned it in and then he changed his mind after they turned it in but it then became unanimous so
A technology upgrade clause is one way to avoid obsolescence by allowing an agency to buy advanced versions of equipment or software when they become available.
"The British monarchy has become irrelevant to this generation of Australians," he said.
A history becomes a “world-line” in space-time.
They brought with them iron weapons and chariots and codes of custom and conduct that quickly became dominant in the country.
but we're uh we're getting more into it and we've done uh we've done quite a bit and uh uh the kids like to go out you know as often as they can um so that's good you know they're they're becoming enthusiasts then of camping
It is not until the normal values of sig_v and sig_f are increased by a factor of about 3 that differences become significant.
All the other critics in America--"[o]ur official arbiters of culture"--"have lost the gift of being able to comprehend a work of art that does not reflect their immediate experience; they have become afraid of genuine art."
29 The unions and their employers also became pioneers in establishing neutral umpires and arbitrators in the handling of labor-management disputes.
The first religious structures appeared at the end of the sixth century b.c., when the summit became a sanctuary and the town was founded on lower ground below.
over time i became very interested in in baroque classical and i think that was just through
Joints may become uncomfortable if they are not moved [ 77 ] . Continuous pressure on the same area of skin, particularly over bony prominences, will increase the risk of skin ischemia, and pain [ 78 ] . As the patient approaches death, provide adequate support and cushioning on the bed to lessen the need for uncomfortable turning.
The Guardian gave front-page treatment to Rupert Murdoch's announcement at a press conference Thursday in London--just six days after his marriage in New York to his third wife, Wendy Deng--that his global News Corp. is to become "an Internet company."
The Constitution became what the courts do in fact.
From the early 17th century it became the weigh house (the name Waaggebouw means “weigh house”) for cargoes entering or leaving the city down the Geldersekade Canal to its north.
is the use of peer groups and the uh teacher becomes a uh a sort of a consultant resource person
Though such technologies are becoming available now, widespread deployment is still years away.
Suppose, for the sake of argument, that in 1950 it becomes foreseeable that Daimler-Benz will eventually make reparations.
The consequence can be that the Schrödinger wave function of the first quantum system becomes entangled in very complex ways with the other complex quantum system, which may be thought of as the environment.
From 1941 to 1944, all of Poland fell under Nazi occupation, and the country became the focus of Hitler’s campaign to exterminate all Jews and non-Aryans.
well and don't you think that you do see more women who are um becoming part of middle management
Many will also worry that a centralised national drug development agency taking decisions on R&D priorities and allocation of funds (via prizes or grants as discussed above) could easily become bureaucratic and inefficient.
The noisy crusades that became historical footnotes would all be literary footnotes as well.
Thus, the city that had held out against so many attacks by the infidel, became subjected to mindless pillaging by fellow Christians.
uh sounding music it didn't have what you know guess what i was looking for at the time country tells more of a a story it kind of reminds me of my roots of growing up and i've i've become i guess more of a country fan over the years
In order to speed the determination of brain death and potentially reduce costly ICU stays, beginning in January 1996 the brain flow scan became the primary method of confirming brain death in our trauma patient population.
The Post notes that Clinton and Gingrich have in the past lamented the tendency of Washington policy battles to become too personal, and this story is itself a perfect example of the problem.
The first is the “Copenhagen interpretation,” which speaks of the “measurement event,” when the quantum object interacts with a macroscopic classical object, the measuring device, and a single one of the propagating possibilities becomes actual in the measurement event, thereby “collapsing” the wave function.
They began as a small medicinal garden in 1682, but soon became the depository for many of the new plant species brought from Dutch colonies in the Golden Age and were responsible for developing each genus for cultivation, propagation and commercial exploitation.
um it was becoming quite disturbing realizing how many crack babies were there were becoming you know out there in the educational area and
However, engaging physicians and medical directors to become directly involved in quality improvement projects at their facilities is often a challenge.
Then his voice drops an octave or two, and he becomes more subdued.
Historically, all soldaderas became known as Adelitas.
Lanai: This pineapple plantation island has become a tiny hide­away with two splendid resorts and the remains of the historic company town, Lanai City (see page 80).
other countries as such being uh say the possibility of becoming states that we don't have a common language with them
Frequent use of TURP for benign prostatic hyperplasia in the 1970s and 1980s and the rapid introduction and widespread adoption of PSA screening beginning in the late 1980s, tapped an extensive pool of latent and preclinical prostate disease [ 40 41 ] . Consistent with another study, we found that in the mid 1980s up to 50% or more of all prostate cancer cases were incidentally detected through TURPs [ 41 ] . However, as medications with few side effects became available to treat benign prostatic hypterplasia and PSA screening became widely adopted, TURP-detected cases declined from their peak in 1987 through 1993 [ 41 ] . Our results showed a similar decline in the TURP-detected prostate cancer incidence rates, followed by a leveling off between 1994 and 1999, for both LDS and nonLDS cases in Utah.
Communist partisans retook the province in 1944, and when the war ended, the partisan leader Josip Broz Tito became dictator of the reconstituted Yugoslav federation.
It is believed that la mollera has fallen when a baby becomes ill with ceaseless crying, fever, diarrhea, and possibly vomiting.
