But if order lead times are long, the buyer must order up to a larger number S to meet demand during the replenishment lead time.
17 Today bar codes and retail information systems allow access to stocking levels on a continuous basis, but most retailers choose to use periodic review systems to restrict ordering activities to set times of the week; that way, they can save on transportation and other costs by ordering multiple products from the same vendor at the same time.
Figure . shows a hypothetical movie of a network in the ordered regime.
The point of fragmentation of the green sea into green islands constitutes a phase transition from the chaotic to the ordered regime.
Several critical features distinguish the ordered from the chaotic regime.
In the ordered regime, something magic happens.
To characterize Boolean networks with respect to the ordered and chaotic regime, it is convenient to take thousands of random pairs of states at dierent initial distances, Dt, where Dt can vary from . to .. For each pair of initial states, run the Boolean network forward one moment, discover the two successor states of the two initial states, and compute D(t + ) for that pair of initial states.
By contrast, in the ordered regime, as shown in Figure ., the Derrida recurrence curve is below the main diagonal for small Dt, that is, initial states that are close lie on trajectories that converge.
That is, when parameters discussed below are tuned from the chaotic to the ordered regime such that the green sea is just breaking up into green islands, simultaneously, the Derrida curve changes from the chaotic regime to become tangent with the main diagonal for small values of Dt.
There are other clues, reported in Origins of Order and At Home in the Universe in some detail, that support the hypothesis that cells lie in the ordered regime.
In the ordered regime, any cell type can only directly reach a few adjacent cell types and may, by a succession of perturbations, eventually dierentiate along branching developmental pathways to a larger number of cell types.
He also ordered Secretary Rumsfeld to develop a military plan against the Taliban.
For possibility of ordering a shootdown, see Larry Arnold interview (Feb.
Special Operations Forces were later told that they might be ordered to attempt very high-risk in-and-out raids either in Khartoum, to capture a senior Bin Ladin operative known as Abu Hafs the Mauritanian- who appeared to be engineering some of the plots-or in Kandahar, to capture Bin Ladin himself.
In early January 2000, Ali Abdul Aziz Ali-a nephew of KSM living in the UAE who would become an important facilitator in the plot- used Shehhi's credit card to order a Boeing 747-400 flight simulator program and a Boeing 767 flight deck video, together with attendant literature; Ali had all these items shipped to his employer's address.
Only occasionally did they find any, and in those few cases they ordered the civilians to evacuate immediately.
The linear ordering of multiple DNA markers based upon their estimated relationships ( i.e. , recombination fraction (or genetic distance)) supplies the framework or genetic map for (composite) interval mapping [ 6 7 ] and as such unconfounds the QTL effect and the QTL location, thus providing a more precise means for detecting and locating QTL with respect to the estimated genetic map for the organism under investigation.
These clones were then ordered and analyzed to identify exon/intron junctions.
All oligomers were ordered from Integrated DNA Technologies, Inc.(Coralville, IA).
In Figure 3the samples have been ordered by values of the average gene expression.
The subsequent acquisition of clones can be as simple as ordering the entire set from a sole supplier.
For time-course experiments or any other experiment with an explicit ordered x -axis these guidelines may still be followed, as long as replicate comparisons are made among nodes.
, stock numbers, detailed descriptions, grades or quality, and types or models); quantities ordered, received, and billed; the quality (type, grade, or condition) of the items received; and prices per unit.
To order by Phone: Voice: (202) 512-6000 TDD: (202) 512-2537 Fax: (202) 512-6061
Rucker was ordered out because her mentally disabled daughter was caught with cocaine three blocks from the apartment she shared with her mother and other family members, court records show.
Pedro and Inês lived a tragic love story that ended with her murder — ordered by Pedro’s father, King Afonso IV.
Chatterbox hopes this stout defense won't stop Blumenthal from ordering the Clinton critic-intimidation team to investigate Chatterbox's private life.
But if it is, then all those ticketed double-parkers are just necessary victims on the continued path to order.
Big surprise that a federal judge flung some (metaphorically) at Mayor Giuliani and ordered him to stop harassing the Brooklyn Museum's fabulous exhibit of body parts and other really important art.
The NYT lead points out that the FDA advises consumers not to purchase meds from foreign sites because they will generally be illegal (because, for instance, they're not labeled properly or don't meet purity standards), but adds that usually the government doesn't bother folks ordering small amounts (up to three months' worth) for their own use.
Officials had "run amok" in their response to a suit filed against the government, said Lamberth, and he ordered the government to cover the $285,864 legal bill incurred by the plaintiffs.
But U.S. officials now say that the agent was gathering intelligence on another country--most likely Iran--and that the Germans ordered the diplomat out because they're tired of the United States using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it.
A federal judge ordered Microsoft to stop requiring computer makers to bundle its Internet browser with Windows.
Kim, 9 years old in 1972, had taken shelter with others in a pagoda when the American military ordered the South Vietnamese air force to attack her village of Trang Bang because it had been infiltrated by enemy forces.
(She isn't ordering us to pull our punches--just to be more conscious of what punches we're landing where , and to what intended effect.)
A friend of Prudie's ordered an expensive lamp as a wedding gift, and the embarrassed groom inquired why she had sent an embroidered footstool bearing the wrong initials.
Purchasing information: I ordered the Tush-Cush from the Harmony catalog for $40, plus $6.
Of course I don't believe Bill Gates ordered you to slander Java!
Restaurants like Shoney's and Denny's feature pictures of their entrees on the menu so those who can't read can still order their meal.
Before I go any further: You should know that I have collaborated with the co-producer of Happiness , Christine Vachon, on a new book called Shooting to Kill , which may be ordered by clicking here.
-- lawyer William Gaylord refers either to the ad campaign for The Mod Squad that lured hundreds of Americans to theaters, or to Philip Morris, which was just ordered by an Oregon jury to pay $81 million to the family of a dead Marlboro smoker
John Simpson, diplomatic editor of the BBC, wrote for the paper from the Yugoslav capital that the clearest example of this development had been in the town of Kragujevac, where workers at a car factory had been ordered to end a sit-in protest against the airstrikes because the factory was about to be targeted.
A federal judge has ordered Republic, Mo.
But when Pedro Medina's head caught fire during his March 1997 execution, the Florida Supreme Court ordered the Department of Corrections to write down its electric chair protocol, previously just a folksy word-of-mouth operation in Q Wing.
The story's hard-luck cases include: people with a $50,000 car and Armani suits but shabby furniture, a woman who was able to drive home her 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee the day she saw it, but twice has had to wait twelve weeks for furniture ordered at Pottery Barn, and a management consultant who despite having hired a decorator and ordering $70,000 worth of furniture including a hand-carved entertainment center, has still only received one of the pieces.
The Wall Street Journal front-page news box and the LAT front report that a California jury has ordered the insurance company Aetna to pay $116 million in punitive damages for refusing to cover an experimental treatment for a patient who later died.
At Eggs Benedict we learn that Oscar of the Waldorf concocted the modern dish on the inspiration of a Samuel Benedict who ordered something similar as a hangover cure.
[Note: This book may be ordered form any bookstore that has the wit to look up the publisher in Books in Print .]
Unlike most products, which may be slipped across a counter (over or under) in silence, drinks are usually ordered out loud.
Baking powder has been shortened to mpékin ; Quaker oats is kouáker ; American style potato chips are tsíps ; and anyone who orders tóst in Greece will be served not toast but a grilled cheese sandwich.
The total time includes the number of days it takes a supplier to order and receive fabric, make the marker, cut the fabric, sew the pieces, press and package the product, ship it to a distribution center, and, finally, process it at the center.
Rather than continuing to increase inventory, Compaq announced that it would only assemble its new line of personal computers as its retail customers ordered them.
Under the traditional model, retailers ordered desired products far in advance of the selling season because their apparel suppliers charged less for large runs and long lead times with long periods of advance commitment.
In this environment, ordering large quantities of products far in advance of the selling season is simply too costly.
Retailers now prefer to place relatively small orders before the season and then observe consumer response to the product offering before ordering more.
But because products are manufactured and ordered by SKU, some attempt must be made to forecast demand at that level.
A number of other straightforward costs are associated with any inventory stocking policy, such as the cost of ordering and transporting product; the cost of determining inventory levels; and the impact on purchase price of any quantity price discounts.
Lean retailers’ rapid replenishment arrangements radically reduce the risk of undersupply—the retailer can essentially “correct” for those items that it ordered too little of prior to the start of the season—and of oversupply, since the retailer orders smaller initial quantities.
To determine the optimal quantity for a SKU, the retailer finds the number of units to order so that the expected marginal cost of stocking an additional unit and not being able to sell it equals the expected marginal cost of not stocking that unit when it would have sold if available.
The buyer should order 250 units, since there is a 75 percent probability that demand will be less than this.
Note that this buyer would be ordering more than she expects to sell (the mean value of the distribution, 180 units).
The amount ordered should be sufficient so that the number of units on hand plus those that are on order equal some “maximum” stocking quantity, S.13 For a particular item, our store buyer may reorder when the inventory level falls below s equals 4 units, in a quantity that brings the current inventory up to S equals 8 units.
With this policy in place, if at the end of a day she notes that inventory has dropped to 3 units, she would order 5 more, as shown in Figure 6.7.
Instead, at the time of ordering, inventory in stock plus that on order equals eight units.
Thus, the retail replenishment system would check the stock of these jeans every Sunday night; if the current stock is thirteen pairs of size-8 jeans (meaning that four pair sold the previous week), then it would automatically order four more pairs, bringing the amount of this SKU up to its target level of seventeen units.
The moment the level hits s, the retailer orders up to a specified quantity S. Unlike a periodic-review policy, in which retailers may order when the inventory level is less than s, with a continuous-review policy, they always order when the inventory equals s.
17 Today bar codes and retail information systems allow access to stocking levels on a continuous basis, but most retailers choose to use periodic review systems to restrict ordering activities to set times of the week; that way, they can save on transportation and other costs by ordering multiple products from the same vendor at the same time.
The manufacturer must deliver the ordered product quickly to the retailer.
The alternative is to adopt quick-response manufacturing strategies that allow items to be produced to order.
Thus, if a retailer follows the simplest strategy of ordering at the beginning of each week exactly those items that sold during the previous week, manufacturers must be prepared to ship an unknown number of items each week.
It is useful to outline the ordering and manufacturing processes on a weekly basis to see how this manufacturer’s inventory policies might differ for the two different sizes.
Then, by the following Monday, the items ordered the previous week would be completed at the factory and available in the manufacturer’s finished goods inventory.
Given this manufacturer’s policy of ordering production only when inventory levels dropped below ten weeks, with the production quantity set to restore the inventory to fourteen weeks, the minimum production quantity for each item was four weeks of demand.
On receipt of the weekly orders, production managers total the quantity of each SKU ordered and determine production needs to restore each SKU’s distribution-center inventory to its target level.
It comes from the verb mandar, meaning “to order” or “to command,” and the phrase mandar hacer means “to have made” or “to command to be made.”
In the folk dramas of El Teatro Campesino (the Farmworkers’ Theater), la migra was often characterized as an unscrupulous arrogant patrol officer who accepted bribes from the growers and ordered raids in the agricultural fields to arrest undocumented immigrants the day before payday.
The Constitution permits suspension of this protection in times of civil unrest—but fails to specify whether the president may act unilaterally in ordering suspension.
Our Philadelphia charter was very much a document of eighteenth-century reason: it placed faith in the capacity of men to order their affairs as they saw fit.
And if sets of machines could be ordered into “units” to act on sets of input bundles to yield sets of output bundles, still higher-order autocatalytic sets of type-1 and type-2 should emerge.
Then, before construction began, the owners decided that two feet was not enough, and ordered the architects to add a 200-foot tower to the top of the building.
He ordered all American Airlines flights in the Northeast that had not taken off to remain on the ground.
One senior FAA air traffic control manager said that it was simply not the FAA's place to order the airlines what to tell their pilots.
NEADS ordered to battle stations the two F-15 alert aircraft at Otis Air Force Base in Falmouth, Massachusetts, 153 miles away from New York City.
After ordering the Otis fighters to battle stations, Colonel Marr phoned Major General Larry Arnold, commanding general of the First Air Force and NORAD's Continental Region.
A manager at the Herndon Command Center asked FAA headquarters if they wanted to order a "nationwide ground stop."
While this was being discussed by executives at FAA headquarters, the Command Center ordered one at 9:25.
Second, a "generic" flight plan-prepared to get the aircraft airborne and out of local airspace quickly-incorrectly led the Langley fighters to believe they were ordered to fly due east (090) for 60 miles.
After the 9:36 call to NEADS about the unidentified aircraft a few miles from the White House, the Langley fighters were ordered to Washington, D.C.
NEADS never lost track of Delta 1989, and even ordered fighter aircraft from Ohio and Michigan to intercept it.
The Command Center's national operations manager, Ben Sliney, ordered all FAA facilities to instruct all aircraft to land at the nearest airport.
This news prompted the Secret Service to order the immediate evacuation of the Vice President just before 9:36.
It is possible that NORAD commanders would have ordered a shootdown in the absence of the authorization communicated by the Vice President, but given the gravity of the decision to shoot down a commercial airliner, and NORAD's caution that a mistake not be made, we view this possibility as unlikely.
In the late afternoon, the President overruled his aides' continuing reluctance to have him return to Washington and ordered Air Force One back to Andrews Air Force Base.
Ashcroft ordered all special interest immigration hearings closed to the public, family members, and press; directed government attorneys to seek denial of bond until such time as they were "cleared" of terrorist connections by the FBI and other agencies; and ordered the identity of the detainees kept secret.
Ashcroft ordered all special interest immigration hearings closed to the public, family members, and press; directed government attorneys to seek denial of bond until such time as they were "cleared" of terrorist connections by the FBI and other agencies; and ordered the identity of the detainees kept secret.
President Bush ordered the Defense Department to be ready to deal with Iraq if Baghdad acted against U.S. interests, with plans to include possibly occupying Iraqi oil fields.
The agencies are like a set of specialists in a hospital, each ordering tests, looking for symptoms, and prescribing medications.
He ordered the Pakistani army into the frontier provinces of northwest Pakistan along the Afghan border, where Bin Ladin and Ayman al Zawahiri have reportedly taken refuge.
FAA air traffic control tapes indicate that at 9:19 the FAA Air Traffic Control System Command Center in Herndon ordered controllers to send a cockpit warning to Delta 1989 because, like American 11 and United 175, it was a transcontinental flight departing Boston's Logan Airport.
As NEADS personnel looked for refueling tankers in the vicinity of New York, the mission crew commander considered scrambling the Langley fighters to New York to provide backup for the Otis fighters until the NEADS Battle Cab (the command area that overlooks the operations floor) ordered "battle stations only at Langley."
The alert fighters at Langley Air Force Base were ordered to battle stations at 9:09.
KSM claims he would have disobeyed even had the council ordered Bin Ladin to cancel the operation.
For Morgan Stanley occupying 20 floors and ordering its employees to leave, see Civilian interview 19 (June 6, 2004).
For his ordering the post's relocation and two companies to respond, see FDNY interview 45, HQ (Mar.
Though nothing proves that Bin Ladin ordered this attack, U.S. intelligence subsequently learned that al Qaeda leaders had decided a year earlier to attack a U.S. target in Saudi Arabia, and had shipped explosives to the peninsula for this purpose.
President Bill Clinton ordered his National Security Council to coordinate the response.
With World War II looming, President Franklin D. Roosevelt ordered FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover to investigate foreign and foreign-inspired subversion-Communist, Nazi, and Japanese.
Mild sandstorms disabled three of the helicopters, and the commander ordered the mission aborted.
Under pressure from Congress, President Clinton soon ordered the withdrawal of U.S. forces.
President Reagan ordered air strikes against Libya.
President Clinton not only ordered precautions to protect Bush but asked about options for a reprisal against Iraq.
Zinni therefore cautioned about simply ordering up AC-130 deployments for a quick strike; Schoomaker planned for what he saw as a practical strike option; and the underlying issues were not fully engaged.
Shelton told President Clinton he would go forward with "boots on the ground" if the President ordered him to do so; however, he had to ensure that the President was completely aware of the large logistical problems inherent in a military operation.
At the time, CIA working-level officials were told by their managers that the strikes were not ordered because the military doubted the intelligence and worried about collateral damage.
In fairness, we note two points: First, in December 1998, the principals' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated: Bin Ladin left his room unexpectedly, and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 141 hit.
In fairness, we note two points: First, in December 1998, the principals' wariness about ordering a strike appears to have been vindicated: Bin Ladin left his room unexpectedly, and if a strike had been ordered he would not have been RESPONSES TO AL QAEDA'S INITIAL ASSAULTS 141 hit.
In late November 1999, Hijazi reportedly swore before Abu Zubaydah the bayat to Bin Ladin, committing himself to do anything Bin Ladin ordered.
He ordered the evacuation of al Qaeda's Kandahar airport compound and fled- first to the desert area near Kabul, then to Khowst and Jalalabad, and eventually back to Kandahar.
The national security advisor ordered that the U.S.message"be stern and foreboding."
This included the "preliminary judgment" that al Qaeda was responsible, with the caveat that no evidence had yet been found that Bin Ladin himself ordered the attack.
The new section did not specifically order planning for the use of ground troops, or clarify how this guidance differed from the existing Infinite Resolve plans.
With this directive still awaiting President Bush's signature, Secretary Rumsfeld did not order his subordinates to begin preparing any new military plans against either al Qaeda or the Taliban before 9/11.
He helped them with plane tickets, traveler's checks, and hotel reservations; he also taught them about everyday aspects of life in the West, such as purchasing clothes and ordering food.
In late June, the CIA ordered all its station chiefs to share information on al Qaeda with their host governments and to push for immediate disruptions of cells.
The April 13 document asking field offices to gather information on Sunni extremism did not mention any possible threat within the United States and did not order surveillance of suspected operatives.
In fact, she felt he had to destroy his copy of the lead because it contained NSA information from reports that included caveats ordering that the information not be shared without OIPR's permission.
"Jane" replied that she was not making up the rules; she claimed that they were in the relevant manual and "ordered by the [FISA] Court and every office of the FBI is required to follow them including FBI NY."
Consistent with protocol, at 8:49 the deputy fire safety director in the South Tower told his counterpart in the North Tower that he would wait to hear from "the boss from the Fire Department or somebody" before ordering an evacuation.
They had ordered units up the stairs to report back on conditions, but did not know what the impact floors were; they did not know if any stairwells into the impact zone were clear; and they did not know whether water for firefighting would be available on the upper floors.
At 9:00, the PAPD commanding officer of the WTC ordered an evacuation of all civilians in the World Trade Center complex, because of the magnitude of the calamity in the North Tower.
Second, units were not actually sent until approximately five minutes after the FDNY Chief of Department ordered their dispatch.
Third, those units that had been ordered at 8:53 to stage at the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel-and thus very close to the WTC complex-were not dispatched after the plane hit the South Tower.
Immediately after the second plane hit, the Chief of Department of the NYPD ordered a second Level 4 mobilization, bringing the total number of NYPD officers responding to close to 2,000.
At approximately 9:30, a senior OEM official ordered the evacuation of the facility, after a Secret Service agent in 7 WTC advised him that additional commercial planes were not accounted for.
However, by 10:00 the ESU officer running the command post at Church and Vesey ordered the evacuation of all ESU units from the WTC complex.
At 9:55, the incident commander ordered an evacuation of the Pentagon impact area because a partial collapse was imminent; it occurred at 9:57, and no first responder was injured.
At 10:15, the incident commander ordered a full evacuation of the command post because of the warning of an approaching hijacked aircraft passed along by the FBI.
Despite the initial advice given over its public-address system, the South Tower was ordered to be evacuated by the FDNY and PAPD within 12 minutes of the North Tower's being hit.
The FDNY ordered both towers fully evacuated by 8:57, but this guidance was not conveyed to 911 operators and FDNY dispatchers, who for the next hour often continued to advise civilians not to self-evacuate, regardless of whether they were above or below the impact zones.
The model was developed by first binning gene expression data into tight classes across the entire range of absolute expression values, where genes with an equal absolute expression value were randomly ordered, and then selecting the upper 5% of HFC values for further consideration.
• Genes are ordered according to their absolute expression value min ( Z 
Clustering expression data into groups of genes that share profiles is a proven method for grouping functionally related genes, but does not order pathway components according to physical or regulatory relationships.
The same procedure can be applied to the remaining n = 5 coordinates, the position in the backward map, to extract the identity of the succeeding units, now ordered backwards.
They then rank ordered these genes and added them 5 at a time to a one-man-out test of their 77 patients for predicted outcome.
Therefore, we tested this suggestion with our four-taxon data set of 100 proteins, ordered by rate of evolution.
To ensure that this result was not affected by mutational saturation in our data set, the mean number of variants per variable site was determined for each protein and averaged for ten groups of proteins ordered by evolutionary rate (Fig 4A).
Positive control reactions included template DNA isolated from human genomic phage that contained the appropriate sarcospan exons, and primers from the markers used to order the BAC map to ensure the quality of the DNA.
Experiments using immuno-fluorescence in vertebrate cells are beginning to order the recruitment and timing of incorporation of individual nucleoporins during post-mitotic re-assembly [ 12 13 14 15 ] . Additionally, in vitro assembly studies with Xenopus egg or mitotic cell extracts have revealed several intermediates in NPC assembly and demonstrated a requirement for an intact double nuclear membrane prior to post-mitotic NPC assembly [ 16 17 18 19 ] . The modular nature of the NPC structure has also suggested that subcomplexes of discrete Nups may initially form and provide building blocks for biogenesis.
Formally speaking, it is not possible to order gene functions based on suppressive interactions involving reduction-of-function (e.g.
We have ordered these clones by identifying RPTPρ exons within each of them.
2. All p values were ordered: p 1 ≤ p 2 ≤ ...
For each permutation b , p values were calculated and ordered in the way of
In Table 2 (see Additional file: 1) the genes are ordered according to that in the clustering.
The second round of selection would help to recover profiles with a weaker pattern, which would have been randomly ordered by hierarchical clustering.
The CRIMAP program was used to order the STRPs and to deduce genetic distances.
The variation in separation distances within a given population can be examined by ordering all the separation distances in the network from shortest to longest and plotting them as a function of distance.
CD5 levels on the developmental and functional subsets range are ordered in a characteristic fashion: Thymic CD4 +T > Splenic CD4 +T > Thymic CD8 +T > Splenic CD8 +T > Thymic CD4 +CD8 +T >> B-1a cells [ 5, 6].
The PSA testing data were matched with the NMTR database to exclude PSA tests ordered for cancer surveillance and to identify incident cases of prostate cancer diagnosed between January 1, 1995 and December 31, 1998.
The pharmacist ordered a non-fasting lipid profile for each patient in accordance with the guideline (e.g.
If the non-fasting triglyceride level was ≥ 200 mg/dL, the physician was notified, and a fasting triglyceride level was ordered at his/her discretion.
Patients who ordered in-the-ear devices required follow-up appointments for fittings and adjustments.
Twenty-four Denzir and twelve Procera copings were ordered from Denzir and Procera certified laboratories.
One especially important higher-level application is computerized physician order entry, in which providers write orders including prescriptions using computers [ 11 ] . Computerization of ordering is important because most actions in health care follow an order; computerizing this process allows provision of real-time decision support to providers, for example implementation of guidelines and critical pathways.
Another application that is extremely important for delivering decision support is a program called an event monitor, which sits over a database and can provide notification when an important event is found (for example, a markedly elevated serum sodium level) [ 12 ] . Even more challenging than computerizing ordering or building an event monitor, especially in the inpatient setting, is computerizing the medical record, especially capturing of notes in real time.
found that use of computerized physician order entry as compared to paper ordering resulted in 12.
1% lower costs (p = 0.02) [ 7 ] . They believed that many of the benefits were seen because of delivery of computerized decision support at the time of ordering.
He holds a minority equity position in the privately held company Medicalis which develops web-based decision support for radiology test ordering, and serves as a consultant to Medicalis.
The genes were then rank ordered in terms of their unadjusted P -values.
Both surgeons and anesthesiologists could reduce the incidence of delirium in the patients who are at high risk by carefully ordering and monitoring the dosages of drugs, and watching for signs of cardiac ischemia during the perioperative period [ 8, 10].
Of note, charges associated with diagnostic studies which were part of the donor evaluation process (eg echocardiography, hepatitis serology) and were specifically ordered by, and therefore billed to, the OPO during and after the brain death stay were not credited against the patient as brain death stay charges.
All charges accrued after the patient was declared legally brain dead, and charges for diagnostic studies specifically ordered by the OPO during the brain death stay as a part of the donor evaluation process, were the responsibility of the local OPO as per national standards (Hawthorne RV, pers comm).
The third method, that of using a cerebral blood flow scan (a technique which was previously ordered rather infrequently at our institution) in conjunction with only one brain death examination, dramatically shortens brain death stay.
Mouse DNA, obtained from animals of 35 Mus musculus strains, was ordered from the Jackson Laboratories.
Figure 2displays the original data, with rows and columns ordered accordingly.
We grouped the databases into ranked categories and ordered them within categories.
Genomic clones were ordered and oriented using the fingerprint map and draft assembly.
Within unfinished clones, sequence contigs were further ordered and oriented according to Ensembl's assembly [ 83].
The index was first ordered and oriented for the individual BAC contigs according to Ensembl or UCSC [ 85] maps.
The resulting contigs were then ordered and oriented according to the FPC order and orientation information in the UCSC genome assembly, resulting in a numeric sorting order for all the individual contigs.
For display in the figures, the final list of centroids was ordered by hierarchical clustering.
After the unique sequence was assembled and sequence contigs were ordered and oriented, those transposable element sequence traces were added back.
DGCr2 clone sequences were screened for transposable element sequences, cases of co-ligation, and presence of a poly(A) tail before any finishing work was ordered.
Custom scripts were used to manually order primers to generate a further round of sequencing.
Expression patterns are documented by assembling digital photographs of individual staged embryos that are ordered to visualize time-dependent changes.
The captured images were ordered according to the developmental stage of the embryos in order to visualize the change of the expression pattern over time.
Although the in situ hybridization analysis is performed on fixed tissues, the ability to take many snapshots of developmental processes and to order them allows us to reconstruct dynamic developmental events.
Therefore we sought to order these genes on the basis of the similarity of their expression patterns.
Clones can be ordered at [ 85 ] . From 7,818 attempted reads, 5,854 sequences (75%) passed quality and contamination filters and were submitted to dbEST [ 86 ] . Most submissions (5,713) were made between March and June of 2000.
The highest-scoring region in each super-region (which could be located on either strand) was then saved as its representative, and these were ordered.
from each K-S test were ordered in ascending order.
In 1996, the Utah Supreme Court, at the request of the Utah State Bar, ordered the State Bar to form the Access to Justice Task Force, charged with reviewing the state of legal services for the poor in Utah, exploring new ideas for improving and expanding those services, and making recommendations to the Bar and the Supreme Court to implement improved services.
In addition, new technology has integrated functions related to the Customer Fulfillment Process, such as sales, ordering, production, shipping, billing, and accounts receivable, providing users with greater access to data.
Title 7 identifies the following steps of the acquisition and payment process involving general purchases: (1) purchase authorization (the ordering function), (2) receipt and acceptance of the items ordered,
Title 7 identifies the following steps of the acquisition and payment process involving general purchases: (1) purchase authorization (the ordering function), (2) receipt and acceptance of the items ordered,
1 An administrative approval is generally performed by a responsible official in the unit that ordered or received the items purchased.
The administrative approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government's specifications, and thus validates a vendor's request (invoice) for payment.
The examination consisted of several steps, primarily focusing on comparing information on three critical documents-the obligation or ordering document, the receiving and inspection document (normally called a receiving report), and the invoice.
Receipt and acceptance data could be compared electronically to the ordering and the invoice information to help ensure that payment authorization is valid and at the same time reduce the risk of errors in the process.
The agencies requesting guidance on internal controls when implementing fast pay have also designed procedures to verify receipt and acceptance of goods ordered on an afterthefact sampling basis rather than on the basis of a 100percent postpayment verification as is traditionally done.
the goods and services ordered have been delivered and accepted, evidenced by a receiving and inspection report, and (3) a claim has been made against the government as evidenced by receipt of an invoice or bill.
Three specific areas where internal control should be given special attention when authorizing payments without invoices are: (1) payment is initiated only after receipt and acceptance of ordered goods and services and is authorized only after matching the types and quantities received with those on the purchase order or contract,16 (2) controls exist to insure against duplicate payment should a vendor mistakenly seek payment for goods or services for which payment has already been made, and
To order by Phone: Voice: (202) 512-6000 TDD: (202) 512-2537 Fax: (202) 512-6061
To order by Phone: Voice: (202) 512-6000 TDD: (202) 512-2537 Fax: (202) 512-6061
To order by Phone: Voice: (202) 512-6000 TDD: (202) 512-2537 Fax: (202) 512-6061
During the procurement phase, the review of designs can continue to contribute to overall project success by monitoring progress made in ordering the various items of longleadtime equipment.
It is not unusual for suppliers to detect errors in the ordering specifications, or to make substitution recommendations for either greater economy or performance enhancement.
To order by Phone: Voice: (202) 512-6000 TDD: (301) 413-0006 Fax: (202) 258-4066
Specific techniques for handling multisite data sets Matrix of categories, graphic data displays, tabulating frequency of different events, developing complex tabulations to check for relationships, and ordering information chronologically for time series analysis
To order by Phone: Voice: (202) 512-6000 TDD: (202) 512-2537 Fax: (202) 512-6061
Of those found guilty, the majority were ordered to pay court costs, plus a $100 fine.
No defendants were ordered to pay more than a $250 fine for violating the court order.
District Court judge refused to order an extension of the existing office's federal funding as it fights the merger plan.
In response to its lawsuit in 1999, a judge ordered the Paterson Housing Authority to correct a defective relocation plan for residents at the Christopher Columbus Housing Development and remove all squatters and drug dealers.
4 - The violent arena of domestic abuse litigation has grown a bit more volatile here, now that a judge has decided to hold two women in contempt of court for returning to men who had been ordered to stay away from them. "
People are ordered to follow them, and I don't care which side you're on."
The farm workers in the western Colorado community said they left the lettuce field when sprayed, but a foreman ordered them to continue working, saying the crop-duster had released a harmless solution of soap and water.
In February 2001, the judge ordered Moore to pay restitution and issued a statewide injunction prohibiting Moore and his associates from using the term "legal aid" and similar names.
The court ordered Moore to advertise the verdict in newspapers in 22 cities.
Struggling to continue its mission of serving the poor, LSC ordered each of the 14 state legal service groups it finances to find new funding resources and to coordinate services better.
Can't new ones be synthesized to order?
These measures provide no mechanism for distinguishing between the addled physician who inappropriately orders every test that springs to mind, and the reflective physician who is trying to get to the bottom of a patient's complaint, rather than simply throw a Band-Aid over the symptoms [4].
Our analysis focused on domains of data that were consistently collected in both NAMCS and NHAMCS for the time period 1992–2002, including patient demographic and geography characteristics, reasons for visit (up to three), diagnoses (up to three), new and continuing medications (up to five in 1992–1994 and six in 1995–2002), and lifestyle counseling services provided or ordered at the visit.
The English king ordered his general to “burn Edinburgh town so there may remain forever a perpetual memory of the vengeance of God lightened upon the Scots. ”
Under pressure from the poorer classes, who did not want the Revolution appropriated for the exclusive benefit of the bourgeoisie, the Jacobin-led revolutionary committee ordered sweeping measures of economic and social reform, which were accompanied by a wave of mass executions, the Terror, aimed at moderates as well as aristocrats.
In the arts, architecture was often of the work of engineers, and huge sculptures were ordered from Victorian Britain rather than from local artists.
Indira Gandhi’s tendency toward tough authoritarianism was highlighted during the repressive state of emergency she declared in 1975, describing it as “disciplined democracy,” when she ordered mass arrests of opposition leaders who had charged her and her party with malpractice and corruption.
Mithridates VI, King of Pontus (on the Black Sea), resisted Roman occupation, temporarily occupied Pergamum, and ordered the massacre of all Romans.
For example, in 1633, the Vatican ordered Galileo to deny the evidence of his own eyes, as assisted by the new telescope he had designed, and stop teaching that God’s earth was only one of many planets in orbit around the sun.
He banned their activities in 1612 and two years later ordered the expulsion of all missionaries and unrepentant Japanese converts.
For all his accomplishments, Herod was nevertheless hated by his subjects; he taxed, he tortured, and he ordered the massacre of male Jewish infants in an attempt to do away with the heralded Messiah.
For 60 years Jerusalem lay in ruins, until the Roman Emperor Hadrian ordered the city rebuilt as a Roman town dedicated to Jupiter.
Several weeks later he was asked — then ordered — to vacate the room to make room for high rollers, whereupon he promptly bought the property and fired the management.
The Portuguese saw valuable economic opportunity in their new possession and ordered Malvasia grapes from Crete and sugar cane from Italy in an effort to seed the island’s first cash crops.
It was he who ordered the construction of the Plaza Mayor, the magnificent main square that still dignifies the center of the Viejo Madrid.
Most will serve snacks during the day, and you may even be able to order a full lunch or evening meal for a bargain price.
•Technically, paella is served only at lunchtime and always cooked to order.
•If you’re not in the mood for wine with your meal, have no qualms about ordering something else instead.
The coppersmith will also be happy to make items to order, or to engrave your purchase.
If you prefer you can have clothes and shoes made to order at many shops, but good-quality work will take time.
When ordering, it is customary to be taken to the kitchen to look at the various dishes — you will find printed menus only in tourist restaurants.
In 1723 Louis XV of France ordered three arabica coffee plants to be sent from Yemen to the French island of Martinique, which lies farther south.
For centuries the barons defied the papal authority in Avignon and the kings of France, offering refuge to Protestants during the Wars of Religion, until, in 1632, Louis XIII ordered the destruction of Les Baux.
The present bulwarks date back to the year 1554, when Charles V, Holy Roman emperor, ordered that the 31⁄2-metre-thick (6-foot) wall be reconstructed.
The site, from the third century b.c. , when Emperor Ashoka ordered stupas containing the Buddha’s relics to be built, is on a 91-m (300-ft) hill on the Vindhya plateau.
There were once more than 70 towers — erected as symbols of its merchants’ power and prestige — until the town’s Florentine conquerors ordered them dismantled in the 14th century.
Asano was ordered to commit suicide for his offense; however, Kira went free.
Eventually, Oishi and his band were also ordered to commit suicide; this they did, and they were buried at Sengakuji with their lord.
Nichiren’s defiance of both Zen and Jodo (“Pure Land”) Buddhism eventually persuaded the shogunate to order him beheaded on a hill to the south of Hase.
It was off the coast here that Commodore Matthew Perry, ordered by the US government to open diplomatic relation with Japan by force if necessary, anchored his fleet of black ships.
Kofukuji temple was the first of the Zen Buddhist temples built by the Chinese (1620) after the Tokugawa shoguns had outlawed Christianity and ordered citizens to register as Buddhists.
Near it you’ll find relief for weary feet: several camel drivers often wait around the mosque entrance and will be glad to order their huge beasts to kneel so that you can climb aboard.
In 122 a.d. the Emperor Hadrian visited Britain and ordered that a defensive wall be built from coast to coast across this territory.
A statue of Felipe III, who ordered the plaza to be built, occupies the place of honor, and the Casa de la Panadería (bakery) is decorated with colorful frescoes above the arcades.
The palace was ordered by the Bourbon king Felipe V and completed by Carlos III.
Built in 1594, the pharmacy’s cupboards line two rooms with matching glass and porcelain apothecary jars specially ordered by Carlos IV.
96) and including Cardinal Cisneros, who ordered the construction of this hall.
In the Tesoro (Treasury), reliquaries, chalices, and crowns take a back seat to the lavish 16th-century monstrance (also ordered by Cisneros).
King Felipe II ordered El Escorial built in celebration of Spain’s victory over French forces in 1557 at the battle of St. Quentin, in France.
King Jaume made an emphatic political point by ordering it built on the site of the Great Mosque.
When Lincoln ordered a blockade of the southern states in 1861 after the outbreak of the Civil War, the Bahamas quickly boomed.
Most tour buses arrive at mid-morning and mid-afternoon, but no matter when you visit, you will be harassed by hawkers, goaded by guides, and ordered by gatekeepers to make donations.
Drummers were ordered to drown out his fiery speeches at the Royal Academy.
They ordered hills to be artificially constructed just north of the Forbidden City so they could go up and, in total privacy, enjoy a summer breeze and a bird’s-eye view over the curved tile roofs of their imperial compound.
In 1407 the Emperor Yongle ordered a search for a suitable burial place with auspicious “wind and water” conditions, as well as appropriate grandeur.
Guisado de pavo, turkey stew, is a gastronomic must: to do justice to this speciality of Orihuela, be sure to order it at least six hours in advance.
A good paella is always made to order and takes about 30 minutes to prepare.
These are medium dry, light amber in colour, and can be ordered for an aperitif or as a dessert wine.
As Ottoman forces made their way toward this last refuge, the Abbot ordered that a shot be fired into the explosive.
Castro’s fledgling government immediately ordered rents reduced, new wage levels set, and estates limited in size to 390 hectares (966 acres).
Alternatively, taking lots of tea breaks and ordering tea by the pot rather than just by the glass will help to keep plenty of liquids in you.
Her father, the king, ordered the pole with snake streamers to be erected every year in commemoration.
To assert Spain’s authority and extinguish dissent, he ordered the execution of five Creole rebels.
In World War I the US Navy Department ordered the creation of a vice-free zone for five miles around every naval base.
As the home of the Vénus de Milo and Mona Lisa, the Louvre drew almost unmanageable crowds until President Mitterrand ordered its re-organization in the 1980s.
The courtyard itself contains the 18 cannons, including eight taken from Vienna, which Napoléon ordered fired on great occasions — including the birth of his son in 1811.
The military support never came, and as his troops fled the city after quashing the insurgency, Hitler ordered them to raze Warsaw building-by-building and thereby annihilate important monuments of Polish culture.
Some shops will paint tiles to order or copy a photograph.
The monastery’s so-called Cloister of Silence, ordered by King Dom Dinis in the early 14th century, is a model of harmony and simplicity.
King João I ordered the construction of this Gothic masterpiece in gratitude for the victory over Juan I of Castile at the Battle of Aljubarrota nearby in 1385 (see page 17).
After the conquest of 1898 the first US military governor ordered that the name be spelled Porto Rico.
Tucked into the private coves of this coast, you’ll find a collection of full-service hotels made to order for honeymoons and romantic escapes.
I thought you ordered carpaccio, but this is turnip tartare with nasturtium!
Ferd was a little like our figurehead as we breasted the waves, our sun king as he ordered the world with and for us, and a little like a social director who, under his bonhomie, was transparently terrified of friendship.
The David Brock whose 1993 Troopergate article revived the Clinton sex scandal and portrayed Kendall's client and patron Hillary Clinton as a foul-mouthed bitch who orders state troopers to fetch her tampons?
The papers report that the federal judge who presided over the Paula Jones lawsuit yesterday ordered President Clinton to pay nearly $90,000 to Jones' legal team for giving false testimony about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky.
On November 24 Tripp's then-lawyer, a Democrat with ties to the White House, told her that such recordings were illegal and ordered her to stop.
The best part of Harmon's story is this priceless detail: "The researcher who ordered Mein Kampf from Amazon received E-mail suggesting that he might also like White Power , by the American Nazi leader George Lincoln Rockwell, for instance."
Merengue is terrific music, too, but when, half a century ago, Trujillo ordered that sound systems be set up to play it all over the Dominican Republic, it wasn't to "uplift" people but to render them passive.
It took me a while to get used to waiting behind someone on line at the coffee shop near work who ordered a hazelnut-strawberry latte, decaf, with skim milk.
Muslim clerics have allowed Islamic customs to be disregarded for the sake of speedy burials, and the Prime Minister ordered that bodies be buried as soon as they are found (relatives will have to identify their dead through a pre-internment photo).
Though the FBI director and Attorney General Janet Reno have ordered a renewed inquiry into the events, they still deny that the tear gas canisters could have caused the blaze--they were fired, apparently to no effect, hours before the fire began.
Reno has ordered an internal investigation.
The FCC had tried to prevent the U S West (and other companies who became party to the suit) from exploiting a customer's personal information--calls made, services ordered, etc.--to sell that customer more services and products.
The NYT notes that the judge, described as a former campaign worker for Jesse Helms and appointed to the bench by Reagan at Helms' behest, collected signatures on a petition against busing back in 1969, the year the Supreme Court ordered Charlotte to desegregate (fifteen years after Brown vs. the Board of Education ).
It seems like something Fiorello La Guardia would have ordered done, and Weegee documented.
He's also the author of 'Tis --the sequel, in bookstores this month (click here to order the book).
USAT emphasizes Floyd's nationwide toll, favoring numbers to do so: One million people in New Jersey ordered by authorities to boil their tap water; total damages possibly as high as Andrew's $26.
A story carried on Page 27 of the WP says that a government report ordered up by two Republican senators says President Clinton's trip to Africa last spring cost $43 million.
The Washington Post and Los Angeles Times front this story but lead with the largest-ever successful claim against an insurance company--$456 million, which the State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company must pay to millions of clients whose cars lost value when State Farm ordered their mechanics to make repairs with low-cost, generic parts.
The new news: There were at least two bridges ordered blown up by U.S. officers including an Army general even though Korean refugees were streaming across them at the time.
Microsoft might appeal, and the next president could order the Justice Department to abandon the case.
1. "In a truly phenomenal decision , the Delaware Chancery Court ordered three top executives at Computer Associates to  give back 9.5 million shares of stock worth $558 million.
When Millea pulled up in Winslet's hired car, Kaufman confronted her and (according to Millea) ordered a crew member to "Get her out of here.
Leo says that he was ordered to keep the senator's son out of harm's way.
(For example, after the Rodney King verdict and ensuing riots in 1992, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals concluded that the San Francisco Police Department had acted improperly in ordering officers to disband all future protests.)
I mentioned [in the New Hampshire debate] last week, I asked my wife about that, I said: Elaine, what would you do if you could order everything right over the Internet and have it delivered right to your home?
Anyhow, the Dean called the meeting to order and explained that the conspiracy had only a few hours to choose the winner of the debate.
Why not order up a question designed to provoke him--and then raise the issue of whether he has a thick enough skin to be president?
Gore's statement comes as the Secretary of Defense ordered a Pentagon investigation to determine whether homosexuals in uniform are being harassed.
And last year, at the behest of the King family, the Justice Department ordered an investigation into the assassination.
But as an alternative, one can easily imagine something like what Gateway does now with its Country Stores, where you can test-drive a PC and then order it immediately online.
(The NYT lead is the change of venue to upstate ordered in the trial of four NYPD cops accused of murdering an unarmed man.)
A NYT front piece says that the Environmental Protection Agency ordered 392 Southern and Midwestern plants, mainly electricity-generating ones, to cut in half their emissions of nitrous oxides that contribute to Eastern seaboard smog at the request of Eastern states who asked for help meeting national smog standards.
I'm not saying the White House suddenly ordered the federal Department of Health and Human Services to champion food stamps as a way to help Hillary's campaign.
When Henry hears at Agincourt that the French have sent in reinforcements, he orders his men to kill their French prisoners--a terrifying act for men facing the prospect of imprisonment themselves.
One hijacker, who called himself "Burger," recited Urdu poetry, gave a passenger a birthday gift, and before escaping ordered all passengers to say they had forgiven him.
The WP and LAT surprise by fronting the death of former chief of naval operations Elmo Zumwalt Jr.--an anti-bureaucratic admiral who tried to open up his starched white branch to flexible thinking and minority sailors, but who was best known for having ordered the use of Agent Orange in Vietnam, a decision which he came to believe caused the death of his own son and the brain dysfunction of a grandson.
The Washington Post leads with the report that in a speech yesterday, President Clinton held open the possibility that he will order U.S. troops to remain in Bosnia in some peacekeeping capacity even after the current NATO mission of which they are a part is terminated next year.
The WP adds a more prosaic motivation: Fogleman's "displeasure over cuts ordered by Cohen in the new Air Force F-22 fighter."
This interpretation is reinforced by the reality of the gays-in-the-military debate: The president can't just order the Chiefs to change the "don't-ask" policy, since that policy has now been written into law by Congress, and changing it requires congressional action.
Dell builds my computer literally to order.
The WP and NYT report that former Angolan rebels say their leader, Jonas Savimbi, ordered the shoot-down of two U.N. aircraft that crashed mysteriously on separate days just over a year ago, resulting in 22 deaths.
) for two reasons: First, obviously, is so that the customer will spend more time combing over the materials and is therefore more likely to order one of their magazines.
The NYT points out that it's not clear whether the US has any direct evidence that bin Laden ordered the embassy attacks, though there is evidence, apparently, that bin Laden is connected to violence in Ethiopia.
Charlotte-Mecklenberg Board of Education , the Supreme Court granted federal judges the authority to order districtwide busing to desegregate schools.
, schools had ordered over $1.
In the 1970s, Karenga himself was imprisoned for ordering and directing the torture of a young woman.
After a judge ordered him to cease filing bogus liens, he continued and was found in contempt of court.
At one point, he threatened to resign if the ANC did not admit that it had ordered violence.
Secretary of Defense William Cohen has ordered a Pentagon commission to clarify the guidelines in an effort to eliminate perceived inconsistencies .
William L. Calley was convicted of war crimes for ordering the 1968 My Lai massacre of unarmed civilians during the Vietnam War.
Netanyahu condemned Arafat as irresponsibly soft on terrorism, withheld millions of dollars Israel owed to Arafat's government, and ordered the blockading of the Israeli-Palestinian border.
Last week Israel also ordered the PA to arrest one of its high-ranking police officers for planning an attack on a Jewish settlement.
Last January, Clinton ordered the Department of Education to prepare exams to test fourth-grade reading and eighth-grade math.
(About 40 percent of all hardcovers ordered by the chains are returned.)
Chains overorder to fill their expanding floor space, but sell a lower percentage of the books ordered than independent stores do.
Another says he ordered last week's crackdown only after he received the implicit green light from the Clinton administration's special envoy to Yugoslavia, Robert Gelbard.
This week, the Pentagon ordered the opening of Arlington National Cemetery's Tomb of the Unknowns to remove the remains of a soldier killed in the Vietnam War and submit them to DNA tests to recover his identity.
Last week, right-winger Larry Klayman, head of Judicial Watch, subpoenaed Waas and ordered Salon reporters to produce all their notes relating to the Monica Lewinsky allegation as well as to Whitewater.
"Clinton Crazy" disparages the anti-Clinton conspiracy theorists--on the Internet, in the fringe press, and on talk radio--who believe that Vince Foster was murdered, that Clinton cronies dealt drugs, and that Clinton ordered hit jobs.
Also, a creepy explanation for the Rwanda genocide: "Judgment Day" asserts that Rwandans are incredibly law-abiding, so when the government ordered them to kill Tutsis, they obeyed without a second thought.
Also, a creepy explanation for the Rwanda genocide: "Judgment Day" asserts that Rwandans are incredibly law-abiding, so when the government ordered them to kill Tutsis, they obeyed without a second thought.
If you live in a country where Viagra is banned, you can order the drug from an American pharmacy's Web site by giving a credit card number and minimal personal information.
Critical and commercial success for the biography of Gravano, "the most famous snitch in Mob history," who brought down John "the Teflon Don" Gotti, offed 18 people, and ordered his own brother-in-law's execution.
Beatty plays a depressed U.S. senator, who orders his own murder and then begins rapping about the virtues of socialism and miscegenation.
5 million in compensatory damages the jury ordered Simpson to pay Goldman's parents.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin ordered a shake-up of his Cabinet.
President Clinton ordered federal agencies to hire welfare recipients . The idea is to set an example for business leaders.
But U.S. officials now say that the agent was gathering intelligence on another country--most likely Iran--and that the Germans ordered the diplomat out because they're tired of the United States using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin ordered a shake-up of his Cabinet.
President Clinton ordered federal agencies to hire welfare recipients . The idea is to set an example for business leaders.
But U.S. officials now say that the agent was gathering intelligence on another country--most likely Iran--and that the Germans ordered the diplomat out because they're tired of the United States using their country as a spy nest and keeping them in the dark about it.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin ordered a shake-up of his Cabinet.
The judge hasn't decided whether Microsoft violated antitrust laws, as the Justice Department contends, but he ordered the halt just to make sure that Microsoft doesn't devour the browser market while the case is in court.
A jury ordered the producers of  Melrose Place to pay actress Hunter Tylo nearly $5 million for firing her because of her pregnancy.
The good news: 1) For this economy, a slowdown is just what the doctor ordered.
Although Weizman lacks the authority to order early elections, he is sufficiently popular that his criticism undermines Netanyahu's public support.
A federal appeals court ordered Secret Service officials to testify about President Clinton's activities with Monica Lewinsky.
2) A judge has reportedly ordered Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr to show why he shouldn't be held in contempt of court for allegedly leaking to the press.
You drank Diet Coke before you got to the office, and while the bald guy can order you around, he can't take your soda away from you.
Instead of noting that anybody who can control the week's news with a press conference, a foreign-policy announcement, and a tea with domestic dissidents is no lame duck, the pundits indulged in psychobiography: Clinton is frustrated because "the end is now in sight" for his presidency (O'Beirne ) and he has yet to establish his "legacy" (George Will, This Week ; Morton Kondracke, The McLaughlin Group ). Because they will be chewing on the legacy thing for three more years, the commentarians recently ordered a crate of dentures.
The Johannesburg Star said that "Mugabe's arrogant disregard for the health of the economy was astonishing," adding that he had failed to consider any of the economic consequences of two politically motivated decisions: 1) ordering his finance minister to "find" the money to pay 50,000 war veterans unbudgeted gratuities and pensions and 2) ordering the seizure of half the country's privately owned farmland, most of which was owned by whites.
The Johannesburg Star said that "Mugabe's arrogant disregard for the health of the economy was astonishing," adding that he had failed to consider any of the economic consequences of two politically motivated decisions: 1) ordering his finance minister to "find" the money to pay 50,000 war veterans unbudgeted gratuities and pensions and 2) ordering the seizure of half the country's privately owned farmland, most of which was owned by whites.
Changes to be announced shortly "are not expected to alter the key part, where the demon is ordered to leave the person, but to shorten the accompanying prayers and invocations."
In Hong Kong the South China Morning Post reported on its front page that Indonesia's anti-riot forces have been ordered "to shoot to cripple rather than kill" in clashes with protestors.
Tests he had ordered showed there was no nerve gas on the site, the paper claimed.
President, who the devil ordered the bombing of Sudan and why?"
The WP , NYT and USA Today each report on their fronts that Iraq has ordered all Americans working for the U.N. arms inspection team there to leave within a week.
The NYT lead says that Secretary of Defense Cohen announced his plan to cut thousands of administrative jobs at the Pentagon under pressure from Congress to reduce the Pentagon's own bureaucracy before ordering cuts in troops or weapons.
The USAT lead states that the judge in the CIA murders trial has ordered the jury sequestered while it completes the case's penalty phase.
The WP has this in a separate front-page story that includes this added detail: the jurors, after voting to convict in the case, sent the judge a note inquiring about dangers to them, and the judge then ordered the jurors' names sealed.
The judge also made another ruling that gets less attention: he refused to order Microsoft to stop asking business partners to sign "non-disclosure" provisions that require notifying Microsoft when passing information along to the government.
And now, points out the NYT , Kim will have the power to pardon the imprisoned Korean ex-president convicted of ordering that massacre.
And the Times has the detail that Yousef was also ordered to pay a $4.
signed a contract with Oliver Stone, who plans a movie about the assassination (just imagine the scene where J. Edgar Hoover, dolled up in tutu and lip gloss, orders the King hit);
His nickname is "the Butcher," and he carried out many of the brutal massacres ordered by Pol Pot.
OK, so these women aren't quite the role models that proponents of sexual integration would order up from central casting.
Or, if you prefer, you can shop from a Web-based service such as Amazon.com, which offers a sophisticated search engine, reviews at your fingertips and, best of all, one-click ordering.
the agent ordered.
You would just as soon avoid all those arguments about being "slammed" for charges by a phone company you didn't choose or being "crammed" for special services you didn't order.
"Shoppers may find they won't be able to get what they want if they don't order this week," Steinhauer warned, sounding more like a copywriter than a newswriter.
(For some reason, Lands' End's 1995 surplus didn't spawn a "Procrastinating Catalogue Shoppers Get Whatever They Want as Late as They Want It" story in the Times .) As the Times reports, Lands' End overreacted to the bad year by ordering 20 percent less merchandise for 1996, and suffered for it.
Also on the Consider Your Options page, you can order SLATE to be delivered to your computer by e-mail.
Call 800-555-4995 to order.)
To order (toll-free, 24 hours a day, seven days a week), dial 800-380-3180 (United States only).
To order Trail Fever directly from the publisher, online or by phone or fax, click here.
Please take a few moments to order the appropriate gear, directly from the Web (scroll right to find the Slate stuff) or, if you still use one of those old telephone things, by calling 800-380-3180 (24 hours a day, seven days a week).
You can also order a CD.
Steven E. Landsburg, who writes  Slate 's "Everyday Economics" column, has a new book out called Fair Play: What Your Child Can Teach You About Economics, Values, and the Meaning of Life . Click here to order it from the publisher, The Free Press.
Several chapters originated as columns in  Slate . Steve specializes in delightful explanations of apparent economic anomalies, so he surely can explain why ordering this excellent volume directly from the publisher costs the full price of $24 plus shipping and handling, while a bookstore with vast overheads of real estate and espresso machines will sell it to you at a 10-percent or 20-percent discount.
You can order it directly from the publisher at www.wwnorton.com (or if that's more w's than you can handle, call [800] 233-4830), or you can buy it from Amazon.com.
If the attorney general had ordered up an independent counsel, not only would her job have been secure but the New York Times (and maybe even Sen.
In a capitalist economic system, you might wonder at the idea of a governor simply ordering a statewide price reduction.
In sending a message that the party can't take its conservative base for granted, Dobson also sends a signal to the electorate as a whole: Republicans are being ordered around by a frightening religious zealot.
On Dec. 16 we ordered the same two books from Amazon, Politics and Prose, and Borders.
For ordering, Politics and Prose was by far the easiest.
When asked about the psych text, Heidi apologized ("sorry, sorry") for not carrying it, and offered to order it.
When pressed, he said it could be ordered, but would probably take two weeks.
Amazon said it would take one to two weeks to order.
According to The New Yorker , Wintour so detested the carpet at Le Cirque 2000 that she ordered the florist to cover it with autumn leaves (handpicked, of course).
Just plug them in, and before you know it, you're reading your favorite online magazines, ordering Puff Daddy & the Family concert tickets, and composing e-mail from the comfort of your Naugahyde couch.
That was in a restaurant off the Champs Élysées where I ordered in the belief that it was veal with rice.
No thanks, we'll order the Crystal Pig's Stomachic [ sic ] Pieces Soup, which, as you will read, makes fewer demands on us.
Circuit Court of Appeals eventually got around to ordering a new election.
When he joked in early 1994 that Federal Communications Commission chief commissioner Reed Hundt should be shot for ordering rate reductions, the idea that the dark side of the Force was shaping the digital future was hard to resist.
Florida, California, and Montana have all enacted more stringent laws to order involuntary chemical or surgical castration of these criminals.
Congress could have filled the gap by ordering the states to cover uninsured kids to the higher income level.
Investigators believe the company overstated costs and deliberately ordered unnecessary tests to increase Medicare payments.
But irradiated or not, I'll still order my burgers rare.
When the team reached the target bombing range, the flight leader ordered pilots to update their computers.
The night before the crash, his roommate said he'd ordered a large pizza so he'd have leftovers for the next night.
He agreed to send a bipartisan staff delegation to inspect documents Starr withheld from Congress (which Democrats suspect may include exculpatory evidence), ordered a hearing to address the Democrats' query on what constitutes an impeachable offense, and endorsed the idea of giving the Democrats subpoena power.
Actor Charlie Sheen's latest accessory is an electronic monitoring device, and he was ordered by a Malibu court to enter drug treatment, according to the Associated Press.
The NYT lead observes that despite Castro's talk portraying the Pope as an ally in the struggle against American imperialism, there's still plenty of religious repression in Cuba, The Times ' Larry Rohter gives an eyewitness account of Havana cops ordering kids from a church group to stop putting up posters advertising the pontiff's visit.
But a small item in the WP 's TV column makes you wonder even about that: It seems that UPN has ordered up a full season of episodes for the virtually all-black "Moesha," which as of last Sunday, the paper reports, ranked 124th among the 139 series on the air.
Meanwhile, the WP 's "Reliable Source" column reports that on Monday, two Washington D.C. bookstores were ordered to turn over to Ken Starr sales records of purchases by Monica Lewinsky.
The NYT front reports that President Clinton has ordered the Departments of Defense, State, and Justice to devise plans for the arrest and trial of Pol Pot, the Khmer Rouge leader responsible for the death of perhaps a million Cambodians in the 1970s.
The Wall Street Journal "Legal Beat" column reports that for the first time ever the International Court of Justice in The Hague, the U.N.'s main legal arm, has intervened in a U.S. criminal case and ordered the U.S. to stay the execution of a Paraguayan citizen convicted of murder in Virginia.
The 737 inspections ordered by the FAA last week (which USAT alone led with on Friday) were apparently well warranted: 13 of the first 26 fuel main fuel pump wires checked showed wear on their insulation, says USAT . The WP is a little more reader-friendly about the actual number of planes involved: it says every one of the first 13 planes checked show some insulation chafing (the NYT , in its front-page story, says instead that this was true of a majority of the first 13 planes looked at), and that the grounding order affects 179 U.S. planes and 193 others worldwide.
Besides executive privilege, the WP reports that two other legal decisions incident to the Lewinsky case must also be made soon: whether the DOJ will challenge a court decision ordering Secret Service agents to testify, and whether Clinton himself will testify before Starr's grand jury.
Then, bursting into the doors, they thrust the heads into their laps, ordering them to make a copy of them in pencil.
With the nonchalance of someone ordering a touch-up, Nelson then asked the artist if, while he was at it, he could stay and do murals for the staircase and hallways.
On another occasion, after Streisand confessed that she had never seen an uncircumcised penis, Peters ordered the couple's driver to come over and drop his pants.
Peters also sent the corporate jet, laden with flowers, to a model he was courting, and ordered his driver to call ahead to the studio so someone could be poised to open his car door when he arrived.
She orders the top eye-shade to run the company as a partnership with her, just as he did with Phil, even though she doesn't really grasp business.
As Lukacs observes, Irving has not scrupled to invent "evidence" that Stalin planned to attack Germany before Hitler's invasion and that "Hitler again and again ordered the 'Jewish problem' set aside until the war was won."
Or that he once ordered his chief of staff to "[b]low the safe" of one of the bulwarks of official Washington, the Brookings Institution.
Sixty hours worth of reels, subpoenaed by the Supreme Court and carried to the courtroom in a single lockbox, yielded a "smoking gun": In June 1972, Nixon had ordered the (loyal) CIA to warn the ( not so loyal) FBI off its Watergate investigation.
It wasn't until August 1996, after four decades of courtroom sparring, that a jury finally ordered the industry to pay damages to a smoker for ruining his health.
Plotting with or against their statesman, courting the populace, negotiating treaties, or ordering executions, those formidable rulers never failed to appear ostentatiously clad in vast padded and jewel-encrusted dresses, their torsos boxed in whalebone, their hair glued into smooth rolls upholding pearls and plumes.
It's more interesting to see what actual couture clients ordered and wore than it is to look at runway numbers worn only by models.
He was, in his dashing manner, the worst--an extreme dogmatist, instinctively authoritarian, allergic to any democratic or libertarian impulses, quick to order executions, and quicker still to lead his own comrades to their deaths in doomed guerrilla wars.
The newspaper ads for the film featured a mock promotion for a biotech company that offered prospective parents "children made to order."
A few years later, in a widely publicized ruling, a Michigan court ordered local school districts to take account of Black English.
When he royally fancies the lady love (Judith Godrèche) of the son (Peter Sarsgaard) of former musketeer Athos (John Malkovich) and orders the young man shipped off to battle, it's time for the aging Three Musketeers--Athos, Aramis (Jeremy Irons), and Porthos (Gérard Depardieu)--to haul their uniforms out of mothballs and prove once again that they're more than the stuff of chocolate bars.
Marshall (Harve Presnell, sounding like Bob Dole) has ordered it out of a Lincolnesque compassion for all the families ripped apart by war.
One can call up the Serb Action Web site and find out how to order books like The Eradication of Serbs, 1992-1993 . This may come as news to the Muslim citizens of Sarajevo and Srebrenica.
In life, Schultz's murder was ordered by the national criminal syndicate formed by Luciano and the famed mobster Meyer Lansky.
Wong), a Tibetan minister in charge of defending the town of Chamdo, not only abandoned it but also ordered the destruction of ammunition supplies before he left.
So actually ordered Ickey to keep dancing (albeit on the sidelines).
A generic OPEN cost about what a local shop would charge for one made to order, and the market responded accordingly.
You don't have to own a restaurant to order Mitchell's caviar.
That cannot be ordered up.
If the need arises to order a drink, try Prudie's favorite: cranberry juice and soda, in a wine glass.
This particular fern was fine and lacy and looked fetching next to Hawera . I scratched its name into my notebook and actually remembered to order some in the fall.
The thing to worry about now is what bulbs to order for next spring.
If you don't trust yourself even to do this, you can order now, using last fall's catalog.
Get both catalogs, because they work well together, and you can order from either or both depending on the quantities you plan to purchase.
You can also get a group of friends to order together.
I ordered them from the Norm Thompson catalog, where they are called Mile Mates and sell for $54, plus $7.
The wrist supporters I ordered were black neoprene with a metal brace and a flexible magnetic band.
95 each (who would order just one?)
Would I order a set for myself?
Purchasing information: I ordered a box of 12 double patches from the SelfCare catalog for $50, plus $4.
Mr. Shafer obviously didn't order anything from a catalog before Christmas '96.
My last order, placed at about the same time the article's authors ordered, took about nine days.
And now, after selecting my books, it takes me less than a minute to order.
When he was writing his Phenomenology of Spirit, despite his very meager income at the time, he was ordering shipments of Médoc and Pontak (Haut-Brion).
When he was visiting Saxon Dresden at the height of the Prussian reaction in the 1820s, he surprised his students sitting at the table with him by ordering the most expensive champagne in Europe, Château Sillery.
In Paris, Le Monde reported Thursday on its front page that the mayor has ordered the establishment of a 100 square meter vegetable garden in the old quarter of Le Marais as a memorial to Princess Diana.
The decision by the British High Court to order Gen.
That would be OK--I enjoy playing footsie--but she likes to tease me by digging her heel into my bare toes (I usually wear sandals), often when I'm ordering.
It's not too soon to order those holiday cards, and there's a colorful, inexpensive, and sinister assortment available from Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership, "America's most aggressive defender of firearms ownership."
Brill replied that several Democrats had asked the question, but Starr had refused to answer on the grounds that a federal judge had ordered the investigation of these leaks to be kept confidential.
"A pensive President Clinton bites his lower lip in the Oval Office after ordering the carpet bombing of Capitol Hill.
Rule 12 of the Senate Impeachment Rules states, "At 12:30 o'clock after noon, or at such other hour as the Senate may order ...
Rule 12 of the Senate Impeachment Rules states, "At 12:30 o'clock after noon, or at such other hour as the Senate may order ...
Tall quotes Homer's "rosy-fingered dawn" and orders a meaningless bombardment to "buck the men up--it'll look like the Japs are catching hell."
Informed of the problem, Robert Vanderslice, head of the Rhode Island Department of Health, swiftly ordered an interagency urban rivers team to post the bilingual signs, put on a slide show, and hand out brochures.
A Mexican judge convicted Raul Salinas , the brother of Mexico's ex-President Carlos Salinas, of ordering a murder and sentenced him to 50 years in jail.
, Serbian) government denied responsibility (claiming the victims were rebel fighters) and ordered the diplomat to leave Yugoslavia.
Dan Quayle demurred typographically, writing "I have ordered my staff to never--EVER--utter the words 'compassionate conservative!
An Oregon jury ordered anti-abortion activists to pay $107 million in damages for running a Web site that tracks the murders of abortion providers.
This Valentine's Day, rather than the too familiar tokens of love--flowers, candy, betrayal, recriminations--why not order your gift from Country Supply Inc.
As the new year turns, amid the journalistic farrago of year end summaries and photo spreads, with world crises recapped, celebrities remourned, and cartoons reprinted, I always look forward to the year's first issue of the  Wine Spectator . This issue contains the magazine's updated "Vintage Chart," the key to ordering well at a restaurant.
) Or whether to order that underpriced Barolo 1994?
Even if you don't know what Jurançon is, go ahead and order it if the restaurant's chart has it in its very best year of the decade.
According to the Globe , when they dine out, she does all the ordering for him, and she was even recently seen feeding him.
Joining a national trend, the superintendent of schools in West Greenwich, R.I., ordered these turned off during the day.
An article explicates the doctrines of tough-parenting guru John Rosemond, who orders parents to apply conservative, Old Testament-style standards to child-rearing.
Joining a national trend, the superintendent of schools in West Greenwich, R.I., ordered these turned off during the day.
After a judge ruled the sickout illegal, the pilots still didn't go back to work, and the judge fined the union's executives several thousand dollars and ordered the union to assume responsibility for $10 million in damages to passengers.
The NYT reports that in an apparent attempt to spare President Clinton embarrassment on his trip to China, officials there ordered bookstores to remove a popular new book detailing the various Clinton sex scandals.
The WP and NYT report that the federal government yesterday ordered states to pay for Viagra under their Medicaid programs for the indigent and disabled, on the grounds that under Medicaid, prescription drug coverage must include any medication approved by the FDA.
The court-martial ordered for two Marines whose plane downed an Italian cable car receives front-page play at the LAT , but is inside at the WP and NYT . The two Marines--the plane's pilot and the navigator--face 20 counts including negligent homicide and involuntary manslaughter.
The NYT notes that when Yeltsin was a Communist Party leader in the Urals, he ordered the destruction of the house and cellar where the executions took place, in order to eradicate a potentially important symbol for pro-czarist factions.
Court papers unsealed Friday showed that judge Norma Holloway Johnson ordered a probe of Starr's office in June over the Lewinsky grand jury leaks.
After a second such caution from Washington last Friday, says the Post , Butler canceled the inspections and ordered his people out of Baghdad.
Citing a Tuesday Newsday story, the paper says that one of those activities attributed to bin Laden in the indictment is ordering and helping to finance a 1994 plot to assassinate President Clinton.
He also announced that he has ordered his lawyers to prepare a "vigorous defense" against the Starr report.
A front-page USAT story reports that the Pentagon has ordered a review of all DOD-maintained Web sites out of a concern that they may make too much information--including the names of commanders and the locations of their families--available to terrorists and other potential enemies.
The judges ordered Reno and Starr to file briefs on whether Reno had authority to launch the inquiry.
Dionysian is limited as a means of ordering the world.
The king ordered that all his household wines would come from Bordeaux--a huge order, since it included the army's supplies.
Boxing officials ordered a rematch of the March 13 heavyweight championship fight between Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis . Fans and sports writers are in an uproar because the judges called the fight a draw--despite a huge disparity of punches in Lewis' favor and the widespread perception of spectators that Lewis won.
Because Felipe is believed to have ordered murders from his cell in a New York prison, he has been kept even more isolated, but a ruling by federal Judge John Martin allows Felipe into the exercise yard.
Condemnations of the air war, in which the Italian air force has now been ordered not to participate, were multiplying in the Italian press.
In feudal Japanese society, the person who would order suicides in place of executions was the shogun, or military leader of Japan.
When Northwest Airlines charged me $1,000 for a ticket I didn't want and didn't order, could I even get anyone on the phone in less than 15 minutes?
When I ordered Chechnya: Calamity in the Caucasus from Amazon.com and received instead a copy of Early Islamic Mysticism: Sufi, Quran, Miraj, Poets and Theological Writings , did I get justice in the form of a refund or a copy of the book I needed?
Barrymore plays a frumpy newspaper copy editor who's ordered to go undercover as a high-school student by a nuttily competitive publisher (Garry Marshall).
The judge ordered him to pay court costs and Jones' legal expenses that were caused by his lying.
But while currency speculation may have had disastrous impacts in some countries, in others letting the currency drop seems to have been just what the doctor ordered.
The prefect, Bernard Bonnet, who was sent to Napoleon's island by the socialist Prime Minister Lionel Jospin to impose law and order on unruly Corsican nationalists, is alleged to have ordered his police force to burn down a beach restaurant as an example to them.
Your sprinkler will check with the weather service before it waters the lawn, your refrigerator will order more milk when your carton expires, and your toilet will test your emissions and notify your health-care provider when you're out of sorts.
I ordered Better Sexual Techniques , Advanced Sexual Techniques , Making Sex Fun , and Advanced Oral Sex Techniques (priced about $11.
The drug was prescribed by a doctor, whom I've never met, and ordered from a pharmacy in Miami Beach, Fla., where I've never been.
But in an "outspoken" letter to the German Bishops' Conference, the gist of which was leaked Thursday to Frankfurter Allgemeine , the pope ordered the German church to stop participating in the state consultancy system.
In short strokes, the story goes like this: A customer, William Summerhill, an associate professor of history at UCLA, ordered two phones from Sprint PCS.
Since the Irish Republican Army refuses to decommission its weapons before representatives of Sinn Fein, its political wing, are seated in the new Northern Ireland executive, and since the Unionist leader refuses to call the assembly to order before the IRA gives up at least some of its arms, the current stalemate seems fairly intractable.
In a report picked up by Canada's National Post to lead its front page Monday, the Observer of London said Sunday that hundreds of documents discovered after the Yugoslav retreat from Kosovo prove that the ethnic cleansing there had been "meticulously planned and ordered from Belgrade."
His "Campaign Store" offers "Official Campaign Material" that "may be ordered for a small contribution."
My only regret is that I passed up a chance to order roasted pigeon in Florence.
A jury ordered General Motors to pay $4.
The admission was ordered by a judge presiding over a lawsuit by a former employee alleging that the company tried to cover up her rape.
To order, send a photo and fill out a questionnaire that's pretty much a police Identikit.
Read more about it and order a catalog of your own, if you've got the guts, at www.mytwinn.com.
(Click here to order an advance copy.)
A friend of mine wanted to do a story on them--his plan was to order the doll, dress it exactly like him, and then carry it everywhere, noting strangers' reactions--so he ordered one.
A friend of mine wanted to do a story on them--his plan was to order the doll, dress it exactly like him, and then carry it everywhere, noting strangers' reactions--so he ordered one.
A federal judge has ordered Republic, Mo.
"The judge ordered trigger locks to be painted onto the crossed musket emblems."
Indeed, it is starting to look as if the collapse of the real was just what the doctor ordered.
The state, by way of saying thank you, ordered Jones to watch the chair's next trial run.
"The Gimelsteins, of Lawrence, will order tastefully understated invitations to their daughter's bat mitzvah."
Unmasked at an impromptu tribunal, he is ordered to take off his clothes.
The editorial concluded that the "carnage will stop only when reconciliation begins," but as a story in Thursday's Sydney Morning Herald noted, the fighting is currently intensifying, with the head of the Indonesian armed forces threatening to order a state of emergency in the province.
Africa News reports that the government has ordered universities to eradicate the cults and established a commission to investigate cult activity and the inaction by universities.
Attorney General Janet Reno ordered federal marshals to seize videotapes from FBI headquarters on which agents reportedly can be heard discussing the use of these devices.
Habibie of perpetuating the errors of his predecessor, President Suharto, the man who ordered the invasion of the former Portuguese colony in 1976.
Last week, a federal judge ordered Charlotte, N.C., to stop busing students to integrate schools.
McMillan ordered the Charlotte board to draw up a plan to take steps--not necessarily busing--to do so.
It said Carrascalao's house is only yards from the base of the Aitarak pro-Indonesia militia group whose leader Eurico Guterres in May ordered his men to go to war with the Carrascalao family.
Three employees were hospitalized, and 300,000 residents were ordered to remain indoors.
One major California wine merchant I spoke to said that the Internet isn't having much effect on his business because people from most big states can't use it to order wines.
I had better luck ordering from two shops outside New York, the Corkscrew in Springfield, Ill., and K&L Wine Merchants (a widely known and well-regarded place) of San Francisco, as well as Wine.com, an online-only store in Napa.
The wines were received in Seattle within a week of ordering.
He trots out the usual anecdote masquerading as evidence--a 13-year-old boy once ordered beer off the Internet.
In fact, there is little danger that teen-agers are going to order unusual wines from distant wineries, wait days for them to arrive, arrange to have their parents out of the house when they do, and then ...
Allow your children to make a strong yet subtle statement and order a set today.
When they telephoned local government offices in a panic, asking to be checked for radiation in the homes they had been ordered not to leave, they were told the checks were being done only at the village community center.
One might even dare at last to enter a Paris restaurant and order a waiter."
The China Daily reported Monday that China has ordered complete safety inspections of all its nuclear plants following Japan's recent uranium plant accident.
A Newark federal court ordered more than 100 ladies, including Christie Brinkley and Nan Kempner, to turn in their shahtooshes.
This summer, the legislature ordered a Nov. 2 referendum to decide the status of poker once and for all.
Remember the moment Ronald Reagan demanded that his microphone be turned on--after the media moderator ordered it turned off [in a 1980 debate]--so that he could speak in support of George Bush's whining disruptions to protest that he should be included in a Nashua, N.H., debate?
I never once knew them to order the most expensive thing in a restaurant, and they always took the leftovers home.
The House ordered a 1 percent cut in federal spending.
It also noted that the French national rugby team, currently in England for that sport's World Cup, had ordered a meal of roast beef from room service at their hotel in Windsor with "absolutely no stipulations as to where it came from."
"She ordered the 14-ounce strip steak, two double Dewar's on the rocks, and dessert, instead of the diet plate."
A federal judge ordered New York City to restore funding to the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
Lehane's greatest contribution to the campaign may be a sense of humor: His pranks include ordering a hotel to remove all furniture from a fellow staffer's room.
In a bipolar world, that calculation made sense: At best, Microsoft would get to run its business as usual, and at worst, rather than surrender prematurely, the company would be ordered by the judge to change some of its practices.
The court ordered that before the sale of an elephant is completed, the would-be owner must convince a state-appointed official that the elephant will be given suitable shelter, enough food, proper health care, and plenty of love.
Finished, we ordered a chest X-ray to ensure the catheter was sitting in the right location.
Though diplomatic immunity prevents him from being prosecuted, he was ordered to leave the country within 10 days.
(Or so the petulant divorcée claimed when Judge Weissberg rejected her request for monthly child-support payments of $132,000 from former husband Ron Perelman, ordering her to scrimp by on $12,825 a month for their 4-year-old daughter, Caleigh.
In Massachusetts, Holyoke Mall encourages shoppers to buy "gift certificates online with our secure ordering service."
Fluellen's remark follows immediately Henry's order to his men to kill their prisoners, which would have scared anybody in Shakespeare' audience who knows anything about war: The side whose captured soldiers have been murdered invariably retaliates by killing the men it has captured, and the men ordered to slit their prisoners' throats understood that.
The state judge ordered González to remain in the United States until a hearing in March.
Recently the government of Burundi ordered 350,000 Hutu to leave their homes and move to 50 camps to deter them from aiding guerrilla fighters.
The Immigration and Naturalization Service ordered his Miami relatives to bring him to a "neutral location " for the meeting.
What's more, notes the LAT , since Cove's brand-name label is stamped on the heel, the next time Marines are ordered in harm's way, they will become the first troops ever to go into combat in designer footwear.
USAT reports that NATO officials are scheduled to meet today in Brussels to approve an order that gives allied military commanders the authority to order airstrikes against Serbian forces.
The British court, reports the WP , supported Pinochet via the ancient British common law precept that a sovereign is immune from prosecution, and held that the Nuremberg principles did not apply because there is no international tribunal handling charges that Pinochet ordered mass murders and torture.
As all papers report inside, documents released yesterday show that on September 25 the Lewinsky grand jury judge ordered a special investigation of Kenneth Starr's office for leak violations.
The story's hard-luck cases include: people with a $50,000 car and Armani suits but shabby furniture, a woman who was able to drive home her 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee the day she saw it, but twice has had to wait twelve weeks for furniture ordered at Pottery Barn, and a management consultant who despite having hired a decorator and ordering $70,000 worth of furniture including a hand-carved entertainment center, has still only received one of the pieces.
Yesterday's military moves: ordering stealth fighters and B-1 and B-52 bombers to the region along with anti-missile missiles and 3,000 Army troops.
The New York Times says advisors told Clinton to order the attacks earlier in the week to avoid precisely such a situation.
FBI Director Louis Freeh and Charles LaBella, former head of DOJ's fund-raising investigation, will probably be ordered to testify, and their superior, Janet Reno, will be ordered to turn over memos they wrote to her.
FBI Director Louis Freeh and Charles LaBella, former head of DOJ's fund-raising investigation, will probably be ordered to testify, and their superior, Janet Reno, will be ordered to turn over memos they wrote to her.
USA Today , the New York Times and the WP all run President Clinton's forceful response to the suggestion made previously by senior Republicans that he ordered the airstrikes to distract from the drive to impeachment: "I don't think any serious person would believe that any president would do such a thing."
The NYT is most clear in describing why Lewinsky was so summarily ordered to talk: Her immunity agreement not only said specifically that she must cooperate with "congressional proceedings," but also that she talk to Starr's attorneys before "representatives of other institutions" if she's asked to.
The stories, which according to the paper come from a survey of execs at 200 major companies, include a tale about an interviewee who ordered a pizza for delivery during a lunch-hour interview, and another about a prospect who, when asked to bring references, showed up with two people in tow.
The papers all quote the president as saying that strikes will definitely be ordered if the deadline passes without agreement, but they give varying impressions of when the first bombs could actually fall.
After looking through a loose-leaf binder with photographs of cakes taped onto the pages, she ordered chocolate, the child's favorite.
After looking through a loose-leaf binder with photographs of cakes taped onto the pages, she ordered chocolate, the child's favorite.
"But of course, all inventory can tell you--when inventory finally gets back to the editor, three days later--is how many books have been ordered, not how many have been sold."
(To order Particules , or indeed any French book, go to www.lemonde.fr/livres, www.fnac.fr, or www.alapage.com.)
Besides going to Valencia for paella, the compleat traveler in Spain should experience duende . This is not easy to arrange, however, for duende , unlike paella, cannot be made to order.
Into this category fall three additional items which, because I never ordered them from the menu, I cannot recommend—or even reliably identify: “Steak Bites Teriyaki Sauce,” “Lunch of Junior,” and “Lady's Salad with Whipped Cream.”
Circuit Court of Appeals ruled partly for Merriam, partly for the competition: Merriam lost its right to the exclusive use of the name Webster , but since that company had become known to the public as the publisher of Noah Webster's dictionaries, would-be Websters were ordered to disclaim on their title pages any connection with the original word book.
Section 8 discharge is ordered for this incorrigible company fxxxup.
'] Officials at the Ministry for Cultural Recidivism, alarmed that the proliferation of the posters could create an unfortunate conception in the minds of French children that the imperfect subjunctive tense of the verb jumbo frankfurter dated all the way back to Rabelaisian times--thus lending the expression a certain historical pedigree--immediately ordered the copywriter's arrest.
If you don't know how to make one of them, someone can usually tell you-- the customer who ordered it, a regular sitting at the end of the bar, or another bartender.
Young people, when ordering a drink, like to give an indication, to themselves and to others, that they are tough, or sexy, or funny.
They also have a strong tendency to imitate their peers and to order what they hear other order.
When someone orders a Cherry Bomb , for instance, is he saying, symbolically, that he is about to drop a small explosive charge into his nervous system?
Much of the appeal of these drinks lies in ordering them in such a ways as to playfully “gross out” the bartender.
In bars it is rarely cherry sits in the center ordered but much discussed.)
When shopping, the well-versed Soviet emissary was told to order “a ladies' worsted-nylon swimming pants.”
3.54), your normally prurient theater-goer may well sense a hint of Onan when Macbeth orders the Doctor to “Pull't off, I say.”
Jones wrote that Charles Lee was “so much vexed with rebellion, with Republicans and Presbyterians, that by his will he ordered his body not to be buried within three miles of a Presbyterian meeting house, conventicle, or a schism shop.”
Harrisons to supper again, but the Governor ordered the sentry to keep us out and in revenge about 2 o'clock in the morning we danced a g-n-t-r dance just at the bed's head.”
A younger brother, inexplicably drawn by Dana's grim novel Two Years before the Mast (1840), had run away to a life of adventure at sea, and their father ordered Fitzedward to bring him home.
' I ordered it and it was served as a half white, duly stuffed, prompting me to exclaim, “A half an egg is not an oeuf .”
The book, slightly less than 8½”× 11”, can be ordered directly.
We know that if any joke begins with “A guy walks into a bar with an iguana on a leash, sits down, and orders a zombie ...
One day he was working underground and ordered the miners to replace all the ventilation doors.
“Sexual Aides: How to order them without embarrassment.
If one doubts the turgidity of the style of this work, witness the following, which merely says that entries in a dictionary can be ordered in different ways:
To order, send a check for $6.
(To order send a check (made out to “E.
